<Author>seetheusa007
<Content>bring your own service We don't recommend this hotel at Christmas. Housekeeping didn't happen Christmas Eve or Christmas Day.The adjoining restaurant closed unannounced and reopened Dec. 27th. No morning cup of coffee! No room service!The location made this hotel stay okay rather than terrible.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2009
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>bamabowl
<Content>Stay away I stay at Holiday Inns and HIE hotels and am a platinum Priority member. Upon arrival, the front lobby and parking lot were full and processing into the room and lot took a very long time. The 3 elevators are not enough to service the large crowd staying here. Average length to get a ride up or down on the elevator is 20-30 minutes. The hallways smell like urine and the rooms are old and outdated. We ordered breakfast this moring and it took nearly 2 hours for them to deliver. They forgot all condiments, salt and pepper and silverware. Our eggs, bacon and biscuit were cold and were being covered by a napkin. They did abate the charges but this stay is the worst ever to NO. Do not stay at the HI on Royal.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	2	3	

<Author>KHar007
<Content>Nice room, ok service, but the elevators didn't work! First of all - DO NOT GET A RENTAL CAR when visiting New Orleans. Our car sat in the hotel parking lot for $26 a day for NO reason. There is no reason to get a car. Get a shuttle from the airport to the hotel for $15 that's all you need. Everything is within walking distance, there's taxis and street cars, and the tours all pick you up at the hotel. SAVE YOURSELF A FEW HUNDRED BUCKS and skip the rental car.Now on to the hotel - I loved the room, it was clean and perfect and comfortable, the location was GREAT, the bed linens were nice and clean and fresh and the down comforter was warm and cozy, lots of towels, fast room service, friendly hotel desk. Really no complaints there.My one complaint is - the elevators SUCKED!!! We were on the 16th floor and had to walk down a few times after waiting over 15 minutes for the elevator and losing our patience.They were working on it but a lot of people were complaining at the front desk when we were checking out. We didn't really mind walking down but there were a few older/handicapped people that were very unhappy with this situation.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>boisebrady
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location This Holiday Inn was great for a weekend getaway. It was my first trip to New Orleans. This hotel was the hotel chosen as part of a football game trip organized by a travel agency. The location is perfect. It is near Canal Street and everything in the French Quarters in within walking distance. The Holiday Inn is not new by any means, but I found it to be clean and comfortable. The bellman was also very friendly and helpful in directing us to good restaurants and taking care of our luggage to and from the bus. There is a small indoor pool; it didn't seem to get used much. There isn't a continental breakfast, but there is a McDonald's right across the street. If I had one small complaint it would be that the A/C was a bit noisy and wasn't very powerful so it had to run all night. I'm sure there are fancier hotels, and this hotel didn't really stand out much, but it didn't detract from a good experience in New Orleans. If you are looking for a clean, comfortable place with the French Quarters at your doorstep - this place will work just fine.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>gogoDodo
<Content>this place is so bad this place is so bad first of all there was a huge cochroch under my pillow sheet and the pool water was very cloudy. the person behind the front desk didnt know anything. the rooms smelled like pee and smoke even though it wasnt a smoke room, there were nail clippings on the floor , the paint was chiping. this place was just offale. i woule never stay there again!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shekitty
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay - No Problems My husband and I, along with two other couples stayed in this hotel Nov. 12 through the 16th. After reading the reviews, I was very concerned that we may have some problems, but that was far from the truth. We have been visiting NO for years and have stayed in some fine hotels, such as the Monteleone and we found the Holiday Inn on Royal to be as good as any other. Maybe not as fancy, but it was certainly clean, the staff was exceptionally friendly and there were no issues with bugs or slow elevators and the hotel was completely full. The location is perfect for a French Quarter experience. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a moderate priced hotel in the Quarter.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>bcla
<Content>Did not dissapoint We have stayed at the Holiday Inn Royal St. many times and it has always been good. I was a bit concerned this time though as there are many negative reviews posted. However, once again we had no problems at all. We checked in on October 31st (Halloween) at 3:30 p.m. even though check in time is 5 p.m. and stayed until Monday. The room was extremely clean and looked like it had been updated. The wallpaper was different and the bedding was also different. It looked very nice. The bathroom was smaller this time, but not a big problem with just two of us in the room. Housekeeping was excellent. I know that has been a weak spot since Katrina, but I guess they now have enough employees to keep up with the rooms. We will continue to stay here when we visit New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SantanaDavid
<Content>Great location - good for a few nights       The Steam Ship "Natchez"  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	3	3	3	5	

<Author>A1Globetrotter
<Content>Location, location, location! Well if location is everything, this property is it. Slightly more than adequate, clean rooms and facilities right in the middle of the (relatively safe, only place to be) French Quarter. And the price is about right, too. In New Orleans (THE 24 hour entertainment city) people don't usually spend much time in their own hotel rooms anyway and neither will you! I recommend this property for a few nights stay. In this case adequate is A-OK!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>mshplover
<Content>Great for price        View outside looking down Royal Street  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Doolie1
<Content>A step above "Dive" Let me start by saying Im a Priority Club Gold member and have stayed at more than a few holiday Inn/Crowne Plaza/Hotel Intercontinental Hotels, but this has to be the worst decorated hotel in the chain.The hotel stays busy and the elevators are always full(often have to wait and wait for an elevator thats empy enough for you to squeeze into.The bathrooms and everything about the place is cheap-o.Fairly clean, good location, its just something of a lower tier motel 6 type place thats CRAZY crowded....NO charm, NO character..more of a target+walmart decorated place.Can do MUCH better for your money in NOLA...  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>HappyPenny
<Content>Great Hotel for Family Vacation I booked a family vacation at the Holiday Inn French Quarter after finding an incredible rate through our vacation planner. After making the reservations, I read some on-line reviews of this hotel and became very nervous, but did not cancel the reservations. Now I'm very glad we stayed there. This is a great hotel!It's possible that some people expect too much when they travel. If you are going to New Orleans, you should know in advance that this is a very old city, with some very old hotels. To me, that's part of the charm of vacationing in New Orleans. But if you're expecting vault-like rooms and sterile accommodations, perhaps you should choose another city to visit. The Holiday Inn French Quarter was the perfect hotel for our family vacation. We were there three nights for the Satchmo Jazz Festival, and never had any problems. The staff was courteous and helpful, the rooms were clean and well decorated, and the location is absolutely perfect. You can walk everywhere from here, and you MUST eat at Mr. B's Bistro down the street. Being so close to this wonderful restaurant is another fine reason to stay at the Holiday Inn. We checked in at 6:00pm on a busy Friday night. The lady at the desk was very nice and professional. No glitches at all. We requested connecting rooms, since we were traveling with two families, and she honored this request even though we had not asked for it in advance. Roaches? I did not see a single one. And believe me, I was looking!Slow elevator? Yes, a little - as happens in all large hotels; we never waited longer than a few minutes. Room service? The maid came every day and did such a great job that I left a large tip. My kids loved the swimming pool. We swam there every day to cool off after long, sweaty walks through the city. The water temperature was pleasantly warm. When we checked out, the desk clerk informed us that we could shave $2 off the daily parking fee by paying at the front desk instead of at the parking lot. A small savings, but every little bit helps, so don't forget this when you check out. We will definitely stay at this hotel again, the next time we are in New Orleans. The location and the value simply can't be beat. As for all the reviewers who were disappointed, I have to wonder if they remember to pack a positive attitude when they travel. A little patience and reasonable expectations will take you a long way in this old world!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pat099
<Content>It's true--Roaches Stayed at this hotel from June 26-30th. Unfortunately I read the reviews of this hotel after I was locked into a package deal and couldn't change. Let me say that I found the hotel to be clean, public areas and rooms. First night there came back to room and turned on bathroom light only to find roaches, some dead some alive. Immediately went to the front desk and believe me they did not seem surprised by my problem. They offered to take care of it right away (not sure what that meant) or I could move to another room. I chose to go to another room and didn't have a problem, although I never shut the bathroom light off my entire stay.Another downside to this hotel is that they do not have safes in the rooms. They had safety deposit boxes in the lobby but we were told on the first day none were available and that they would put us on a list for the first available. We checked everyday and there was never one available even though people were checking out all day long.The location is great but we won't be going back. If you decide to stay here leave the lights on!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>ptgrd14
<Content>NO Roaches, NOT Dirty...just fine. FACT: I was super nervous after reading the reviews on this website.FACT: I had no problems at all with bugs.The staff was indeed a little gruff at first, but after being there for 4 days they were actually quite helpful. Usually if you are nice to people, they will be nice to you.When we got to the hotel and our room, our shower didn't work. They immediately sent someone up and when they couldn't fix it moved us to another room. So, problem averted.It is a little run down hotel wise but definitely NOT dirty, the way it was described earlier. It's just an older hotel that has a little wear (the way a lot of places in New Orleans do). The location was great, and even though there was a townie hang out across the street (a 24 hour liquor store). The hotel workers made sure people didn't loiter in front of the hotel.We had rain as well while we were there, but saw no roaches..and if the rain is what brought them out, I'm not sure they would be ROACHES anyway...probably just water bugs, which most people don't know the difference.Would I stay there again? Yes. The location was great, and the price was right...so I see no problem staying there again. I will say the hotel restaurant/bar closes at 11PM so if you were wanting to go there and drink or play pool later...you'd definitely be surprised!Also. Mr. B's Bistro across the street is fantastic!!!! Ask for Harold!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>littlebit0863
<Content>good hotel, no problems I really enjoyed this hotel. I did stay there in April 2007, so maybe roaches moved in since then (per the other reviews) but I didn't see any. I didn't have an exactly smooth booking.l booked 3 months in advance, and was told my credit card would be charged immediately, but it wasn't charged until after my stay. It was kind of a pain, because for 3 months I had to keep that extra money in the bank, which is hard for a girl who wants to know to the penny the amount of money I have. Numerous calls to the hotel asking them to go ahead and charge me were not returned. That was my one and only problem. The hotel was very nice looking. I was worried about going to New Orleans post Katrina, but our hotel seemed secure and made me feel safe. We were one street away from Bourbon Street, which was VERY convenient, especially walking home at night. I love how you can walk everywhere in the French Quarter. Our hotel room was actually in a tiny alcove off the hotel that had a private staircase that led from the pool to our balcony. I wandered around the hotel and didn't see any other rooms like it. The pool was nice and pretty, but it was a little too cold to swim. Our room was clean and nice looking. I had no problems with it whatsoever. We were blocks away from world class restaurants so I didn't eat at the hotel, but the restaurant looked full each night so I guess it was good.All in all, good value for the money.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pzbear
<Content>Roaches everywhere I got a really good price on Hotwire and it had a 3 star rating (not) so I booked it. When I found out it was a Holiday Inn I was happy as Holiday Inn used to be a good brand of hotel. What a dive! My room smelled awful, the elevators were so slow and overcrowded that it would take 30 minutes to go from the lobby to your room.The worse part was when we came back to room around midnight we were horrifed to find roaches everywhere, on the bed, on the walls on the phone, etc. There was no way I was going to sleep there. I called management and was told there was no open rooms but they would put us in the Holiday Inn Express down the street. So we loaded up our luggage and went into the night to find the Holiday Inn Express. I was scared to death. Here we were walking in unlit streets with our luggage not knowing for sure where this hotel was (we were given bad directions). I thought for sure we were going to get mugged. I will say the Holiday Inn Express is not in the best location, but the rooms were great. I would never stay at the Holiday Inn French Quarter again. It might be ok for the young kids wanting just a bed to crawl into at the wee hours, but not for anyone else.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>stellarmagnitude
<Content>Good Location       Another view from our room. It was lighning when I took this.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kimFortWayne
<Content>Dirty accomodations This was probably the dirtiest room we have ever stayed in.There were nail clippers on the floor when we got there, and they were still there when we left.The plaster on the walls and ceiling was peeling off.The balcony next to us had a used tampon there for almost the entire time we were there. Housekeeping were more interested at being on their cell phones rather than cleaning.We sure thought for being a Holiday Inn, it did not live up to its name.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>mswiz007
<Content>Roaches Roaches Roaches We stayed at the Holiday Inn on Royal St. What a horrible experience!!!! I along with 2 of my girlfriends stayed in New Orleans to have a great night out since none of us had ever been to new orleans. Wasnt sure where to stay but with the Holiday Inn always being a great experience for us that is where we stayed or tried to stay. After a great night out in New Orleans we go back to the room to find that we were not the only occupents in the room. The room was infested with ROACHES of all sizes. The sad part was that there were so many they(the roaches) didnt even mind that we were there! They were even in the BED! When we packed up and went to the lobby to complain the manager on duty said that they had that problem and quickly refunded our money. Needless to say that at 3 in the morning we had to drive 2 hours back to my house in Mississippi. Our trip cut in half and VERY VERY disappointed. My friends drove down from Ohio to have a great time and was very disappointed! Have pictures of the roaches if you would like to see them.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Portland_MaineMjchan
<Content>Great value Having read many reviews of this hotel, I was a little nervous as to what to expect especially since we got a very good rate thru Hotwire. But I can say it was a terrific value. The location is perfect ; a short walk to everything in the French Quarter, Harrahs, and even the warehouse district. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Check-in was a breeze and parking (in/out) was easy. The room was clean and we had a great view of the river, riverboats, and shipping. Beds were comfortable, linens clean and good quality. We were there during Jazzfest and the noise in the hotel was minimal. They are redoing some floors but this didn't present any problems. Overall we had a wonderful stay, I will probably stay there next year for Jazzfest.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>debsohio
<Content>Not The Best 4/10 - 4/14 -The only thing good about this hotel is the location.We were on the 10th floor. It was noisy at night because there was a street behind our room. The bathroom was very small.The room could use a update of carpet and paint. The staff at the front desk seemed very confused. They had us down as hotwire customer, I booked thru the hotel directly. Then the woman at the desk had us under another name. Good thing I brought my confirmation from home. Then another younger woman helped us out at the desk. The restaraunt next door was terrrible. The waiter dropped his tray and I ended up with salsa all over my back. The manager finally came over and gave me 20% coupon....(at home I would receive a free meal) The bell boys at the hotel were the only staff that seem friendly since they work on tips.  There was a nice restaraunt a block away for breakfast called Mela. Ate there twice and would definately recommend. I would definately pay more to stay elsewhere in the quarter than the Holiday-inn.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>gator007
<Content>Location, place to crash out, location.... Buy the round trip shuttle package because there is lots of construction and drivers are taking side streets and other ways around, we heard over $40 from airport to French Quarter. $60 round strip for 2 is worth it. We booked through AA Vacations and asked for a King bed, upon check in around 3:30pm they had us down for a double, no problem switching to an available room. There was some kind of college dressup thing going on so the elevators were packed. This was not bad and was fun seeing drunk kids all about. When it came to our room I was surprised on how well it was kept. We only cared about one thing, the bed, it had to be comfortable and it was. Desk, TV, iron, etc. was all there nothing fancy. Paint, colors where good and no broken fixtures. Places to eat: Deanie's, down from Acme (because of the lines). Charbrolied Oysters, very good taste. Music: Fat Catz and Opera House. Drinks: Jester's Pina Colada, Tropical's Grenades and drink Abita beer on draft. For a little fancy food try Bonton. I couldn't decide so they made half of each; Oyster's Alvin and a crawfish dish. Do the haunted tour at Voodoo's and get Paul (little short veteran with long curly hair who walks with a cane).  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tothemoon1
<Content>great location ..If you can catch a deal! This hotel is a great deal, if, you can get a deal. I booked it for 54.00 a night with Hotwire and so it was well worth it. Otherwise I think I would have overpaid. The location is fabulous, but there are a lot of charming spots to find in the French Quarter for the same amount as a regular night here. Because we arrived near midnight on a Saturday night, we could not get the room we had booked and had to accept a smoking room. They were happy to switch us for the remaider of our stay though. Our room was decent enough, however the first one was a bit shabby. The hotel reception was often busy in the middle of the day, but were as accomodating as they could be. The pool was O.K. too. The Monteleone down the street looked like an nice upscale alternative, with a great location.New Orleans is a blast! We had a great vacation for 8 days, the end of March. The weather was wonderful, high 70's and just right for sight seeing. I spent hours just roaming the French Quarter streets enjoying the atmosphere there.Meals were always an adventure! There is some great food to be found in this city! We often tried Frommers' inexpensive recommendations and we were always happy. (can be found online at Frommers' site.) These spots weren't fancy, but they were often interestingand had great food! Central Grocery for a muffelatta is a must, and if you are in the Garden District slip in to Slim Goodies Diner for interesting atmosphere! We loved the tours that we took and recommend Tours by Isobel, for an authentic and personal touch. The Cajun swamp tour was fabulous, with the swamp part being guided by a honest to goodness, bayou living,Cajun alligator farmer, among other things. The passenger vans were really packed, though.It's great to see that this city is still rebuilding and has a positive attitude after so much heartache. There is still lots to be done though! Take the Katrina tour to learn so much about this disaster.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theresajones15
<Content>Bah to service I was not impressed with this hotel, the rooms were given to us supposedly at a group rate of 129.00 for courtyard rooms. I couldn't get a courtyard room, because the ran out. then one of our party cancelled I tried to book the room, they couldn't change my reservation at the reservation center, the hotel told me to call the reservation center, finally I called the manager 3 times, they never called back. When we got there early (at 11am) they told us our rooms wouldn't be ready till at least after 12, it wasn't ready till 4 and then they booked us on the 11th floor when everyone else in our party was on the 9th floor, we had to wait another hour till 5 to get a room.The people at the front counter didn't seem to know what they were doing, they said they couldn't get a time out of housekeeping, but when we asked house keeping ourselves, they told us 45 minutes, and it was ready in 45 minutes. Housekeeping seems to be much more pleasant then the front desk. At one point I called down and they were very rude and snapped at me. The so called courtyard, was a giant cement patio, with some halfhearted fake trees and stone benches. crappy place not worth the money. every other member of our party had microwaves and fridges and we did not. They didn't even know another person from our party had checked in, showing his room as not occupied when he went to get an extra key, even tho he had already checked in.aside from the concierge who was very nice, but didn't know all that much about what was open and when. the front desk staff all needs training on politeness.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	5	3	

<Author>puffery
<Content>not bad for the price We were there during Mardi Gras.The room was cleaned everyday.The beds were comfortable and the pillows terrific.Shower had poor water pressure in the mornings when everyone using water.Concierge was very helpful, the got us reservations to Emerils.Front desk on the evening shift was very nice and helpful.The best thing about this hotel is the location.It is steps away from Bourbon St and Canal St.Really we cannot complain for what we paid.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JM_sacramento
<Content>Rough around the edges Not up to typical Holiday Inn standards and that is not saying much! This place is worn out, fixtures are broken, desks are missing. Yes, it has new paint but it needs so much more.The only good thing I can say is the maids worked hard to keep the room clean.Leave this place to students on spring break and party animals that never stay in the room.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>wcrant1
<Content>Not a good holiday The hotel was horrible very few elevators and you had to change elevators to reach the 19,20 floor. The water in the hotel went out when we were there. The parking is expensive, good location but bad staff and the rooms are not in good shape. We had a phone but no cord and the jack was out of the wall. when we went to plug in the iron there was something shoved in the socket. also one light bulb worked out of the 2 lamps we had. my advice pay 30 more dollar and stay at the omni royal.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	2	1	

<Author>abbo1963
<Content>great location Stayed 2/21 thru 2/25 Hotel is basic lodging with great location. 5 blocks Casino/ 1 block to Bourbon st./ 6 blocks to River front. If checking in on a friday night beware long wait . Restaurant food not good other then breakfast. 24 hour store across the street for water,soda , snacks etc. Must do things to do in NOLA. Pat O'Briens piano bar, Carriage rides from Jackson Square, Paddle boat cruise,Acme Oyster house,Street car down St. Charles, Drago's for grilled Oysters(at the hilton by Casino), Bar at Hotel Montelone,Irene's restaurant. Relax and enjoy the Big Easy.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>3	5	2	5	2	4	2	3	

<Author>adkmommy1
<Content>Great hotel for the price We booked our hotel stay on Hotwire. We were a little nervous at first because it was the first time we had used Hotwire. It turned out to be a great deal. We got our room for $59/night. It is only one block from Bourbon Street and you can walk to everything! The rooms are average size and they were clean. There were only two things I did not like - one being the beds seemed really small and two the bathroom floors were sticky. It may have been what they cleaned it with, but we didn't have a floor mat to step on after we bathed. Other than that, it was worth the money. I will return to this hotel in the future. The only thing that seemed a little expensive is the parking....$26/night. But I think that is pretty standard at most hotels in that area.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>xxdjxx
<Content>Terrible Stay Our stay this year for Mardi gras almost ruined the entire trip. The hotel was turned into a frat house 鈥?dirty rooms, grimy floors that never got vacuumed, piled up trash in the halls, overwhelmed and confused staff, and non-existent security. One elevator broke on Friday night and the staff never fixed it, causing 10-20 minute lines at the elevators for the entire weekend. Drunk kids screaming all night. On Saturday night someone pulled the fire alarm at 2 am, causing us to walk down 20 floors of stairs only to wait 20 minutes for the elevators to return to the room. I wish I had thought to take pictures of this dump. Terrible, terrible hotel 鈥?stay away.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	4	

<Author>piscean-delusions
<Content>Great Stay 2 Years in a row now! 2008 marked the 2nd year in a row we stayed at this hotel - had a blast last year, this year the staff was even better.Always friendly and courteous, nice clean rooms, and very tolerant during the Mardi Gras celebration.We had to wear wristbands to get into the hotel, which seemed like it may be an inconvenience, but as the nights wore on, it began to feel more like we were VIP guests. The staff in the lobby that handles crowd control for the elevators is very patient and understanding and really helped keep things moving good.I'm extremely satisfied with both years we stayed here and unless we rent a balcony room right on Bourbon street, we'll probably continue to come here every year.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrutusD
<Content>Camera was Stolen!!! We visited New Orleans shortly before Christmas and stayed at this hotel. We booked a nonsmoking room, but when we arrived at our room it was stocked with ashtrays and smelled terribly of smoke (even though the room was in fact labelled as nonsmoking outside the door). The rooms are dated, but in decent condtion overall. The excellent location by far made up for any shortcomings in the room. Our problem with this hotel is that on the second to last day of our trip, our digital camera was stolen from our room while housekeeping was cleaning it. We had dropped off all of our belongings to go for a swim in the hotel pool, and in the 1.5 hours that we were gone the room was cleaned and our camera was taken. We found out from Holiday Inn that the housekeeper had broken protocol by propping our door open while cleaning our room but did not admit to taking the camera, and we were asked to file a claim with their legal department. This has been over a month ago, and we continue to call to find out about our claim but we continually get shuffled from one department to the next with no real answers. Our overall opinion: Loved the location of the hotel, and the hotel itself was decent. But, beware of this hotel because your valuables may get stolen and there is a tremendous amount of red tape preventing you from getting any sort of resolution.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	3	1	2	

<Author>LABAYMEDIC
<Content>Horrible Hotel, Horrible Experience Stayed here Jan. 20, 2008 and it will be the last time I stay here. Waited in line for 1hr and 40 min to check in. Once I checked in got a room and went up to it. Walked into a half naked man on the bed. Seems as though they gave him the same room they gave me. I went down and tried to get another room and they said they didn't have any more. When I asked them to cancel my reservation and I would go to another hotel they said they could do that but the hold for the room would still remain on my debit card for another 1-2 weeks. Told them this was not acceptable and asked for a manager. They then miraculously found a room for me. Room was small and bed was not comfortable at all. Remote control for the T.V didn't work and the carpet was torn in many places. There was a hude stain on the chair and the showerhead was old and scumy. I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>Susonka0803
<Content>Great price, great location, hotel is pretty good too! After reading some of the bad reviews about this hotel, we were a little scared! However, we were pleasantly surprised. The decor definitely is tacky, but our room was clean and quiet which is really what matters to us. The lobby area is nice. The location of this hotel is great. It is a block from Bourbon st, close to the streetcars on Canal st. and everything in the french quarter is in easy walking distance. We were very worried about noise, and this was not an issue at all. Also, our room was cleaned daily. No problems there! Also, the front desk people were very nice. We were able to check into our room at around noon time which was great and several hours early! No hassle whatsoever! We did not eat at the restaurant at this hotel and it did not look like many other people did either but it may be good? A nice surprise was when we opened our window we could see the river from our room. I liked watching the barges and tug boats. Oh, the coffee in the room tasted like mud, but it is hotel coffee! Your are in New Orleans so I highly suggest visiting some of the great coffee shops instead! Also, we booked through Hotwire at around $54 a night - with fees/tax this came to about $65 a night! Fantastic deal! Also, we noticed on the weekend, you needed to use your hotel key card for the elevator to work. I think this is a security measure so party people cannot invade the hotel? Anyway, we were not in the crazy Mardi Gras crowd which occurs closer to Fat Tuesday, but even on the weekend in January - still carnival time - it was quiet at night in our room. Hope everyone has a pleasant experience and visits beautiful New Orleans!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>hen-cymro
<Content>A great place from which to see New Orleans This hotel is in a great location. Bourbon street is one block away.It is in walking distance of all the sights. The Natchez river boat is 15 minutes away (go and make your own reservations).Our room was good ( comfortable bed, hot showers, no street noise, good room service). There are lots of places to eat close by. You can buy cheap wine or beer in the shop across the road from the hotel. We had a brilliant time in New Orleans!!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dreamvac
<Content>Clean, cheap, great location The Holiday Inn French Quarter is fine for those looking for a clean, functional room in a great location for a reasonable price. We booked the room on hotwire at a rate of $54 per night. Check in was fine and we were upgraded to a king executive room. The lobby, room and public areas appear clean and recently painted. The room was large with a sitting area. It is nothing fancy. The bed was firm, but the linens could use an upgrade as they slipped off the bed as we slept. Maid service was prompt and adequate. This is not a romantic hotel but an adequate place to rest your head after a day in NOLA. The hotel appears to have adequate security as well.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>GabyP
<Content>Not worth the price!! The worst Holiday Inn Hotel (and any hotel I think) I have ever been in my life!!Quite dirty. There were crumbles at the entrance of our room that weren't vacuumed in three days. The cups for the complimentary coffee had dried coffee at the bottom. Most of the ammenities announced in the web page did not work. The water of the supposed 'heated pool' was cold when I went to use it, and although they promised they would heat it up they said it would take 2 hours (which I didn't have, since I was at the city attending a meeting).The restaurant was closed and the room service was partially open.We delivered some clothes for laundry Friday night, and were returned Monday night! So we had to pay $50 for ironed clothes that went again to the bottom of our suitcase. Most of the personnel at the front desk were unfriendly and unwilling to help.And we paid $185 per night!!Something positive: big and comfortable bed.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Ricardamus
<Content>Very good hotel, excelent location       King Size bedroom  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lidigri
<Content>Not impressed with my services I received. The stay was not terible but it was the worst hotel stay I have had with any hotel and we have stayed at quit a few. We had to walk a block to get to the hotel because it was not bus accessible. The room had a smell, the coffee pot had a dirty coffee filter left in the pot, there was not a dirty plastic laundry bag and bits of toliet paper that were previously wet and let in the corner of the floor as well as some hairs left on the tub, The breakfast was fair but not worth the price and even after paying cash for it an incorrect bill was left under the door for (4) when it was only (2) persons eating an already paid cash for buffet at the front desk and given a coupon to present.. After returning home and checking our bank statement there was a charge to my/our card for $19.60 when the card was never use for any services in the hotel. We talked with a lady at the front desk and she said the card would not be charged for any service this was said and cleared by Ashley Mart she signed the bill as the guest . She stated the card would not be charged and was not charged for any services that we were clear. This was after she came back from talking with her manager in the back, She also that the lady draw was messed up yesterday. I don't remember her name (the lady that waited on us) but she had 11 Stars on her name tag. We were not the only one who received a bill and it was already paid for before we went up to the breakfast buffet.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RainLake
<Content>Poor Service/Good Location Stayed at the Royal Street HI for a short weekend get-a-way. Check in time advertised as 4:00 P.M. Did not actually get checked in until 6:00 P.M. Counter staff very unfriendly and did not care that rooms were not ready. Booked a King Executive Room got a standard. When this was brought to the attention of the staff their response was Sorry...nothing we can do now. Rooms were O.K. did not notice anything out of the ordinary except some hair left in the shower from one of the previous occupants. The only positive thing I can say about this HI is that it is only 1 block from Bourbon. If your travel plans require you to stay more than one night or you need to actually work DO NOT STAY HERE!!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>udhoopsfan
<Content>Value conscious travelers would approve Location was one block from Bourbon Street and two doors from Canal St in French Quarter, so it's very convenient. I would assume parking is expensive, but the free in-room wireless is a big plus. For the $49 I paid on Hotwire, I was more than satisfied. Be prepared when visiting New Orleans that you should always be aware of your location, watch the people around you and never leave luggage more than 5 feet from you. There is a criminal element all around in this city. I highly recommend the GreyLine Tours Katrina Bus Tour, especially tour guide/driver named Sylvester...he is excellent!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>NikiTalk
<Content>Will Not Ever Stay There Again We stayed at the Holiday Inn French Quarter July 5 - 8, 2007. This was my first trip to New Orleans. I loved the city, but dislike this hotel.Check In - They did not give us the room we requested. There were 3 people sharing a room so we wanted a room with a King bed and a sleeper sofa. At check in it was determined that they had no more available, even though that is what we paid for. We were told we had to take what they had because they were not making room changes due to so many tourist being in town. The room was $239.00 a night. The Bellhop - He wouldn't take our bags up (3 Women) and he then told us to be sure to bring the cart back down because he only had that one. The Room - The room stinked and the carpet was torn. We stayed on the 19th floor. You travel to the 18th floor in a very hot elevator. Then get off and get on another elevator that was even hotter. The room did not appear to be fresh and clean the carpet was dirty and worn. I did not walk on it bare foot at any time. There was never enough towels. We called room service twice and we still did not receive any new towels. The thing that really made the stay the worst...We left the room to go out returned to the room around 2 AM got prepared for bed...THEY HAD NOT CHANGED THE SHEETS!!! THEY PULLED THE BED UP AS IF THEY HAD NEW LINENS ON IT. My makeup was on the pillow case and so was hair in the sheets. NASTY!!!!!! In addition to that we were across the hall from some true partiers. There had to be 7 or 8 people staying in that one room. They had loud music would leave their door open and constant in and out action when the door was closed. Parking Deck - Hard to find space and the parking attendant was rude. We paid $24.00 nightly to park, but majority of the time we didnt want to drive anywhere for fear of not having a space. On one occasions there were two women in the parking deck that car was stalling, we didnt have cables so we told them we would tell the attendant. Once we made it to the bottom level and told the attendant she threw her hands up in the air, as if to say its not my problem. Room Service - It does not exsist at this hotel, yes they tell you on the website that it is available. We called to order food and was told they do not offer room service...Why are there menus in the rooms then?Checkout - At Check out we asked to speak to a manager. We advised the manager of all the problems we experienced. She discounted what we had to say and blamed it on the lack of staff since Hurricane Katrina. She gave us a business card for the General Manager and told us to direct our problems to him. She never took ownership for the problems. She never offered to compensate us. I am very disappointed and will not stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>travelhappy1
<Content>Good Room for Great Price After Hotel Monteleone screwed up our reservations royally, we were forced to get another room at the last minute. Fortunately on our drive into NO we had stopped by the welcome center and pulled some hotel cards. One of the ones we happened to pull was the Holiday Inn Royal street. The staff was incredible. The location was great (one block to Bourbon), one block to Canal etc. We got a rate that included parking. Our room was huge the only draw back was the decor which I overheard one guest comparing to a cruiseship. LOL. We stayed two nights and the room was comfortable. My only complaint is that they had apparently recently painted our room and the lingering light scent of paint was still in the air. For the amount of time we were in the room, it didn't matter too much since it wasn't overpowering. For $69 bucks I think we made out like bandits.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	-1	5	

<Author>Critic10
<Content>Uninvited Guests Holiday Inn - French Quarter124 Royal St. New Orleans, LADifferent types of rooms Normal clean rooms vs. the scary, old roomsI recently attended the Essence Music Festival and I was initially given a room on the 18th floor. This room was totally unacceptable. There was a huge rip in the rug as soon as you walked in the door. If someone is not paying attention, they would trip and bang their head on the dresser which was pulled away from the wall. Someone had ripped the cable from the wall which was connected to the tv. One of the curtains was hanging unattached to a couple of hooks, there was a stain on the seat of the arm chair and the mattresses were very old until they had lost their shape. I called the front desk, they were very accommodating and moved me to a room on a different floor. This room was better but only one drawback, we had some uninvited guests. Roaches! I called and complained and the maintenance guy came and sprayed the room (after we left of course). That didn't help, the roaches showed up the next day and the next day. The hotel also had a restaurant. They offered a breakfast buffet and I saw a roach on the fresh fruit bowl display! I made it through the weekend but I would not go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>GiggaMan
<Content>Party Place This hotel is in a great location, has a courteous staff, and allowed us to be as loud as we wanted. The people at the front desk never hasseled us ( we had six people in our room but paid for two). The room is what it is, a Holiday Inn in New Orleans. How much can you really expect?  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Peachy16
<Content>Would stay here again We stayed at this for 6 nights, and had a great stay, with only one - very minor- issue to speak of, one day we had a hard time trying to connect on to the internet, but our issue was easily remedied when we spoke with the front desk staff.We were quite nervous as to what we were getting ourselves into after reading some of the other reviews on this site about the hotel, but were pleasantly surprised. The lobby was attractive, front desk staff was EXCELLENT, our room was cleaned everyday. We felt the room was a good size - not a great view - but again very minor issue as we really weren't in the room that much. The location was unbeatable, walking distance to pretty much anywhere we were wanting or needing to go.We would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>EllenAdena
<Content>Location Perfect, Staff Still Struggling We stayed for 5 nights during our teenage son's Spring Break. We got exactly what we asked for - 2 connecting rooms with at least one of them with a king bed. We also had a small refrigerator and microwave in our room to preserve and then heat up our leftovers from the wonderful meals we had at local restaurants. The free wireless internet was a nice addition. If you treat the staff with dignity and respect, they work extremely hard to make your stay comfortable. Staff shortages are still quite evident throughout New Orleans. Visitors should be patient. We found hard working, dedicated staff at this Holiday Inn. Our stay was not flawless but we could easily walk to all of the major attractions and fabulous restaurants from this Hotel.The breakfast buffet was a good way to start the day. The buffet consisted of eggs, cereals, fresh fruits, meats, waffles, grits, yogurts and muffins. We got to know the host and our server so well that they reserved our favorite table for us each morning.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>cddman
<Content>Good Value for the $$ Rooms were clean, hallways and public area kept very clean. Pool was cleaned daily. We did not experience any of the problems reported by previous customers at this hotel. Perhaps it was due to our visiting the area in mid-June (which is not a typically busy time for New Orleans), but I was very pleased with the room for the price.Desk staff were friendly and courteous and answered all of our questions cheerfully. Valet service was courteous as well as the bellman.If you do stay here, please be aware of the parking. Unless you book a package deal that includes parking, be prepared to pay $28/Day for valet parking at this location. There is no self-parking at this Holiday Inn - you must valet park.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarynNC
<Content>Absolutely Satisfied!!!! Not sure how some of the people come up with these negative reviews. My trip overlapped that of the previous poster. I was there for 6 nights. Never once did I see a line in the lobby, never once had to wait for an elevator, room was cleaned everyday thoroughly, clean windows, carpet was in no way filthy or smelly, vending machines worked properly. We rented a car and used the parking garage one night but our final bill showed we were charged for two nights. I brought this to the attention of the front desk and they corrected the bill and apologized with no questions asked.For the price we paid I was very satisfied. Our room was clean, quiet, in a great location, and the staff was very accomodating.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>xraygirl23
<Content>Not worth the value! Keep looking!!! We stayed at this hotel April 29-30 just before leaving on a cruise. We chose Holiday Inn because it was inexpensive and has a great location. However, the money we saved was not worth it. The only positive is that the hotel is exactly one block from Bourbon Street. We tried to check in at 4PM but our king room was not reeady nor did they have any available. We were 2 of about 50 people waiting in the lobby for our room. One group of guests said they had already been waiting an hour. The management was not helpful with their situation either. So we decided to take the 2 queen room instead so we could enjoy the city of NO. The room had a dirty toilet, USED TOWELS on thebathroom floor, and a musty smell filled the room. The hotel is VERY OLD, DIRTY and SMELLY. The windows were covered in dirt. The elevators are old, slow and unreliable. The soda machine on our floor was out so we had to keep trying other floors until we finally found one that TOOK MONEY AND HAD SODA in it! Go figure!! I am not sure how dirty other hotels are compared to this one as the entire city is filled with the stench of urine. It was a real disappointment. The people of New Orleans were very friendly and eager to take our money. We will not be returning here.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>WeloveParis
<Content>Shame on you, Holiday Inn Went to New Orleans for Jazz Fest and paid $196.00 a night for a dirty room that had not been updated in years! Moldy smell, carpet was ripped and dirty and we could not walk barefooted because our feet were brown. My wife slept with her clothes on for fear of bet mites. We had a river view but could not see it because the window was filthy. Other areas of the hotel were dirty as well and people were complaining. The booking came with a free Deluxe Room Upgrade and if this was it, then the Board of Health needs to shut this place down. We travel alot and this was a motel at best - not for $196.00 a night!. We tried getting a room at the Marriot, Sheraton and W Hotel (our favorite) but they were all booked. The only good thing abou this trip was the wondeful people of New Orleans. They had such a great spirit despite everything they were thru with Katrina. Shame on you, Holiday Inn! Never again.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>memboy
<Content>Mixed Bag This hotel obviously has management problems. I had read stories of check-in troubles but took it all with a grain of salt until I experienced it myself. The official check in time is 4:00, but do not count on a room being ready for you at that time. Instead, be prepared to wait a long time for a room. I arrived at 4:00 sharp and was told it would be 30 minutes to an hour. Then after an hour I was told it would be another hour. I complained to the manager, and all he did was make excuses. On the good side, the hotel's location is hard to beat. The room was spacious, clean, quiet, and comfortable.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	1	-1	-1	

<Author>TNgirl122
<Content>Good Choice A friend of mine and I stayed at the Holiday Inn over St. Patrick's Day weekend. We were on the 19th floor which apparently was added on after the hotel was built. The elevator goes up to the 18th floor, you get off on the 18th floor and take another elevator to the 19th and 20th floors. The elevator was slow and one of them did break down over the course of the weekend. We used the service elevator once. Our room was really nice, clean, big bathroom. The beds were relatively comfortable. The staff was kind at check in and check out. Overall I would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gvr001
<Content>Great location, otherwise very mediocre I stayed here for 3 nights from 3/24-3/27 for a conference. The hotel is in a very good location, squarely situated in the French Quarter. It is one block West of Bourbon Street, and 1 block North of Canal Street. Jackson Square and Harrah's Casino are approximately5-10 minute walks away, and the conference center is about a 15-20 minute walk from the hotel. Two Sisters Restaurant, Pat O'Briens, Brennan's, and Broussard's are all within a 5 mintue walk from the hotel.This hotel is for 2 types of people. Young couples/singles without children, who are interested in partying in the French Quarter, or individuals attending the conference center. Others should really consider looking elsewhere. I arrived at 3, and was told that I couldn't check in until 4, so I had to go to the gym (see below) to change, and then leave my stuff at the front desk.The hotel has a very worn feel about it. The carpetes, furniture, upholestery, all appear quite used. The exercise facility on the tenth floor( a small pool with greenish appearing water, 1 functionaltreadmill, 2 bicycles, was substandard for a Holiday Inn.The rooms are very average, although the mattress was comfortable. The AC worked well. The bathroom did not have a fan, and got quite humid. The elevators are slow at times.All things considered, I was disappointed, especially given what we paid; However, given that I was rarely in the room, it served its purpose.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	2	3	5	

<Author>j1570176
<Content>A Bad Idea While not the worst possible experience -- most (!) of our group (5 of 6 rooms were there as reserved, and nothing was filthy, except some of the spring breaking guests....1. The elevators were a disaster. Our group was on the 17th-20 floors, featuring mediocre views and some real reliance on elevators. But the hotel -- which features 7 or so floors of public parking -- had only 3 old elevators, which were NOT up to the demands placed on them 24 hours a day. So intolerable waits really reduced the advantages of...2. a genuinely great location and fairly economical prices.But given the terrible elevators and mediocre rooms and amenities (although the free wireless was nice), one should either consider a slightly lesser location to get better room value or springing for more money. The elevator situation here is NOT going to get better, my friends should NOT have been made to share a kings bed rather than get two separate ones, and another friends' reservation should NOT have been lost for a stressful hour.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	2	4	

<Author>vadnp1
<Content>Great Location, horrible hotel! aaah New Orleans, great place to visit but I would recommend sleepingin your car before staying at this hotel. I was here to attend a national Cardiac convention. The hotel staff was indifferent and rude at times. My room had absolutely no light bulbs in any of the lamps. They were not burned out, they were non existent! I called down to the desk and was told Sorry, we're out I actually had to go to a local store and buy a few myself (to which I intent to take with me when I leave). The room was dirty, fixtures were rusty and most did not work. ceiling was cracked and falling down. The shower head was actually held to the pipe with duct tape!!! I travel a lot in my business and have never had an experience like this. Holiday Inn should be ashamed to have this particular hotel brandish their name.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	2	

<Author>wilson53
<Content>Worst hotel ever Booked two rooms in this hotel for an overnight prior to a cruise out of New Orleans port. No rooms available on arrival (to be fair it was 1:30 pm and check-in time was officially 4:00 pm). Large crownd of people waiting in the tiny lobby for news as to when rooms would be available - no announcement by front desk staff, who were surly and moved slower than molasses. Only one bellman for bags. One elevator not working, long lineups to use the elevators all night as a result. When we got into the room they were dirty, run down and full of bugs. Girls slept on towels all night and were still bitten. In their hurry to get rooms ready we are sure they did not change the sheets from the last guests.I have been travelling on business for over thirty years and this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Don't even think of staying here, unless you just need a crash pad for a night in th French Quarter. Doesn't even rate a 1 out of 10.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>AmandaJane61
<Content>Had a very good experience here! We stayed two nights at this hotel and the stay was excellent - lovely room with river view. We were part of a UK tour group and were all put in the top two floors which are beautifully decorated and much better than the other floors apparently! Breakfast was good but a lot of people caused mayhem so we were offered a buffet breakfast the next day! All in all an excellent location and very clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jayy13
<Content>Location only thig going for this hotel The location for this hotel is Great, the service and quality is not. Don't even think about calling the front desk, they won't answer. My 7:30 wake up call came at 8:00, my friends never came. The elevators are ALWAYS backed up, plus one broke down and they would not turn over the service elevator to passengers so the wait was as long as 10 minutes for an elevator. The rooms were bare minimum, barely cleaned each day. The indoor pool was FREEZING. I watched several people try to get in but just couldn't, all said way to cold. I mentioned it to the management but was basically told to [---] off (in a nice way).The lobby is very nice but don't be fooled. If you want a great location and don't care about the other things, this is the place. The price is a little high for what you get.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	3	1	2	

<Author>KansasBubba
<Content>Bubba Perfect Stayed on Valentines night before a cruise. Paid $69 on Hotwire. Be ready to pay $24 to park your car. This is OK because it is covered and attached to the hotel. We felt comfortable walking a block to Bourbon street. No taxi needed. Definitely gives you a feel of staying in New Orleans you would miss by staying in one of the larger new hotels. This is an older hotel.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Buckeye582
<Content>great deal We spent 3 nights here the week before Mardi Gras. The location is unbeatable, near Canal Street, in the French Quarter. The hotel is probably 40+ years old, and if you book on Hotwire you can get great rates. If you require luxury, pay more and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrendaB1
<Content>Good Precruise Hotel Just returned from a 2 night precruise stay at this property with a large group. Hotel was clean, Front Desk was nice  helpful. Rooms were available at all different times for early morning  midday arrivals.. Location was convenient to Bourbon Street, Harrah's, McDonalds, Walgreens, Riverwalk,etc.Nothing fancy but a clean, safe place to stay. Cabs were readily available to take us to the cruise teminal  free cruise parking was included in price for many in our group. Only negative I heard was housekeeping staff is still limited  rooms were not cleaned every day but clean towels were provided every day. Unless you are extremely messy....shouldn't be a problem. I had a reservation to stay at this location again at the end of my cruise but due to icy weather, I was forced to cancel  catch an earlier return flight. I visit New Orleans several times a year  would not hesitate to stay at this location again in the near future.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelFan_01
<Content>Clean and functional We stayed at this hotel as part of a coach tour of the Deep South and although we are used to more high end hotels and this hotel may not have been a hotel we would have considered if travelling independently, we kept an open mind on it and didn't have any preconceptions before we arrived so this review is written as such.Our stay was a bit of a mixed bag but overall, it was fine. Getting up to the room was a little confusing as we were on the 20th floor which meant we had to get in a lift to the highest floor it would go to (18), then get out there and get another lift up to floor 20. It did make things that little bit longer but once we got used to it and allowed for a little extra time, it was ok.The room itself was nice enough. It wasn't filled with lots of frills and extras but it was clean and functional. The bed linen looked new-ish, as did the decor. That means either they've had a recent refurbishment, or they look after it well! The bathroom was probably smaller than average and the shower pressure wasn't very good but otherwise, it was ok. The room had reasonable amenities- iron and board, some cable channels, coffee maker etc. The bed was also very comfortable. We didn't have a remote for our TV and I asked at the desk if they could send one up. They said they would, but one never materialised. The staff I found to be a bit moody, and not especially friendly. I don't know if they are overworked, but they just came across as worn down.The location of the hotel is probably the most attractive thing about it. We had a pleasant view of the Mississippi from our room and almost anywhere you could wish to visit was within walking distance. We personally didn't find street noise a problem.All in all, our 2 night stay there was what we expected- functional hotel in a fabulous location. Could have done a lot worse!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>bkhuna
<Content>Good location - no so good hotel Problems:1. I had a prepaid reservation (made through an official New Orleans tourist website) which stated that I was to receive free parking and an confirmed upgrade to a deluxe room. The desk clerk stated that the upgrade was based on availablilty. The booking website and email confirmation had no such disclosure. Since I paid such a low fare for the room, I didn't want to argue. I smiled and took the standard room.2. The room was of average quality but the bathroom was tiny, dingy, and beat up. There was no counter space and the fixtures were rusty and dirty. The bed was small and the threadbare sheets did not cover my 6' 2 body.3. There were wads of kinky hair balls on the carpet in the bedroom and in the hallway. One hairball was on the ceiling above our door.4. Being on the corner of Royal and Canal puts you in one of the noisiest places in the city. Even though we were on the 15th floor, we heard all the street noise through the cracked windows of our room. There is a liqour store directly across the entrance from the hotel and our room's cracked window let in all of the interesting late night/early morning commotion. We did not however, hear any of the other guests.5. The unsecured parking lot has direct elevator service to guest floors, creating a security hazard for the guests. I had one occasion early one morning when a drunk women (bottle in hand) and a pimply faced kid were drinking and smoking in the elevator while they rode it up and down looking for the pool. Although there are guest room card readers and signs that state thay you must have a guest key to enter guest floors, the hotel no longer enforces this.6. There are three guest elevators and one service elevator. On many occasions, only one elevator was operable. It was very frustrating to have to stop on every floor because service carts and all the other guests had to share one elevator.Advantages:1. Location, location, location. Being on the corner of Royal and Canal makes it easy to see both the French Quarter and locations uptown and in the Garden District. If you have a car, the location is a plus.Summary:Unless parking and ease of access to driving are a priority, I would stay away from this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>forecast07
<Content>Stay Away!!! I stayed here with my wife and two young children overnight during a car trip from Florida to Texas. From the indifferent front desk staff to the urine soaked smell of the dank, dingy parking garage to the room that had no clock or light bulb in the floor lamp our stay at this hotel was downright unpleasant. While the room had been cleaned it did not have a fresh feeling. I strongly recommend against staying here.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Papawillie56
<Content>Good Location and That is all I stayed at the Holiday Inn on Royal street in November, 2006. I was promised a free deluxe upgrade when I booked the room but on arrival was told that they had overbooked. The room I stayed in was cleaned but the walls was in terrible condition with the plaster in disarray. Only one elevator was working and it took an hour to get up to my room. The breakfast cost $13.00, it was better to go to the casino to eat. The only plus was the location right at Bourbon Street. I will not stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>nurse50
<Content>decent place to stay Our group of five women stayed at Holiday Inn on Royal Street on Nov. 26 for one night prior to our cruise. We found the front desk staff friendly and helpful. The room was average, clean and so was the bathroom. Got a good rate on Hotwire for this room, and it was only one block to Bourbon Street. We'd stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>dem107
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location I stayed there Friday through Tuesday. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The room was fairly small and needed a bit of work, but was clean and comfortable. The location is perfect--near Canal in the French Quarter. Free wireless was a plus.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>davem60612
<Content>Good value, good location This is an average hotel. The rooms are just fine, the hotel is mostly quiet and the employees are nice enough. Nothing special, nothing bad. The things that make this place worthy of recomending to others is location and value. This hotel is in the Quarter close Canal and a block from Bourbon, a good location. The price that can be found online is fantastic! 50 bucks a night for a clean quiet room in this location is just great. A couple of tips for those considering staying here; insist on staying below the 18th floor, above this floor you must take 2 elevators to get to and from your room. To ease getting around use the Hotel Monteleone (sp?) cab stand right next door.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>zski
<Content>Cheap, so your rate had better be! I just stayed at the Holiday Inn French Quarter this weekend. I booked it on Hotwire and got a fantastic rate ($56/night) and I'll just say that the old adage you get what you pay for rang true. There was nothing particularly wrong with the hotel, especially for the rate that I paid, but the furnishings were very plain, the bed was adequate but not exceptionally comfortable, the bathroom was a little dingy and the entire place showed its age and the stress it must have gone through over the past year. Also, the high speed internet was not working and apparently hasn't been since about Sept 16 (I stayed on Oct 8), although a letter posted at the front desk states that they are working as fast as possible to get it operational once again.Despite (or maybe because of) the facility's shortcomings, the staff was exceptionally friendly and welcoming, which was definitely the hotel's major redeeming quality. The clerk I dealt with checking in and out, whose name is Georgie, personified the warm  welcoming spirit of New Orleans that I've come to know. The other 2 staff members that I talked to very briefly were also kind and courteous.I had a very cheap rate on this property; I'd say any rate up to about $80 would be a good deal, and perhaps up to $100 would be acceptable. If you're being asked to pay any more than that for this hotel it should only be for a period of peak demand, otherwise, I would look elsewhere for a hotel that is perhaps better maintained or with more amenities.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	5	4	2	

<Author>mikeh1966
<Content>Average Hotel in the French Quarter I got a great deal on this hotel on Hotwire. The Holiday Inn is located just inside the French Quarter on an unsightly block of Royal street filled with souvenir shops, a Subway restaurant and a convenience store. The lobby was very nice and the staff were very accommodating. We had a problem with our air conditioner and the maintenance man gave the problem his prompt attention. The hotel rooms (including the bathroom) are a bit outdated but I guess you get what you pay for. It was very evident the difference between a 4 star hotel (the Intercontinental, where I stayed a couple of months ago- plusher beddings, marble in the bath, etc.) and this 3 star.The proximity to all of the happenings in the French Quarter would be the only reason I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>MarigoldMolly
<Content>Loved the Holiday Inn on Royal We stayed there in May 2006. We have been visitors to NO every year since 1994. An overall the Holiday Inn has been the best location,service,room size and cleanliness of all. We didn't want for anything. There are 2 stores directly acroos the street,Walgreens on the corner,Subway and other restaurants to the right of the hotel. We have stayed ther at the Fairmont,Comfort suites and in the french quarter. I'd recommend the Holiday Inn to everyone. The price was right since we went through Hotwire.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loveacleanroom
<Content>Holes in the walls and rude employees Our stay was not pleasant at all. There were holes in the walls and the employees were rude. The secuirty lady was the only one that had a kind word and asked how things were going. We called for a wake up call and never recieved it. I was not surprised because the fellow at the front desk could of cared less about anything.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>1	4	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PaulDallas_Texas
<Content>Awful - A Place to Avoid I would never have considered the Holiday Inn French Quarter but I agreed to be moved to it when the hotel where I was confirmed called to tell me they were oversold. My stay was during Jazz Fest, so there weren't a lot of options.I had been promised a non-smoking room with a king-sized bed but when I tried to check in, I was told the only non-smoking rooms left had only two double beds. However, the woman at the front desk said these were on one of their premium floors, the 19th. I accepted this and went to me room. The room was hardly premium, as it was dim, tiny and directly across from a noisy ice maker. An hour later, I received a courtesy call from the manager on duty, asking if I needed anything. I told him I wanted a king non-smoking room, which he managed to locate after all.I was moved down a floor to the new room and from there things went down hill quickly. The non-smoking room smelled like a very dirty ashtray, the grimy bathroom had a cracked tub/shower wall and it looked as if someone had gone around walls of the room pulling off the plaster.When I tried to use the shower or sink, the water pressure would drop off dramatically after a few minutes, making it a chaollenge to shave or take a complete shower.I could not get out of that hotel and that room fast enough. I will never, never, never consider this hotel in the future.You have been warned!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>manshacktx
<Content>Great Hospitality I had real misgivings about keeping my reservation at this hotel after reading postings. While our room was a little worn, especially the carpet, the staff could not have been better. They were the most friendly, helpful hotel staff I have ever encountered in my many (about 50) trips to New Orleans. While the hotel itself is standard Holiday Inn, the rooms are large, the beds comfortable and the location good. There are definitely more luxurious, attractive hotels, but no better staff anywhere. We had maintenance problem when we first checked in, and the repair person was at our door to fix it almost before we hung up the phone! The next day, I mentioned a small problem to the front desk, but told them I really did not need them to fix it - just wanted them to be aware. By the time we returned from breakfast, the maintenance staff had already taken care of the problem. I have never had service like that anywhere.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel After reading previous reviews, I was very unsure of booking the Holiday Inn. But I am extremely glad I did. We booked a room for Mardi Gras '06 and it turned out to be in the perfect location!!!!! We arrived early and they had our room already cleaned, which is something I have always had a problem with in New Orleans. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The accomidations were also on point. I will be staying there again (we frequent NO often)!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel  Just got back from a wonderful stay at the Holiday Inn. I was travelling with my mother and the entire staff, even with their limited resources, went out of their way to make our stay memorable !This hotel is not a luxury resort but is an above average Holiday Inn. There was no room service, but that was fine. There is a coffee maker in each room and the hotel restaurant served a fine buffet style breakfast.We had difficulty obtaining transportation from the French Quarter to the airport on Fat Tuesday. One of the staff, Ashley actually contacted a driver she knew personally who parked his taxi at the hotel overnight, so he would be sure to be able to transport my mother, her wheelchair and all of our luggage, door to door !I can hardly wait to go back and will stay at no other hotel !Thank You New Orleans and the Holiday Inn for having us !  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Katrina Life Saver Although we did not get to stay at Holiday INn due to the hurricane forecast, we may have been tempted to ignore the warnings had it not been for the manager (middle age blonde woman) working early Saturday evening 8/27/05. When we checked in we were given papers regarding the hotel not being responsible for no electricity or water or food. Then we were given a paper to sign which released the hotel from being sued by our family if we died. The manager told us to immediately get in a cab to go back to the airport and get out of town. She said if we waited until Sunday, there might not be planes or taxis, and we could get stuck in traffic if a mandatory evacuation happened. AT first we thought she was rude to tell us to go home. It didn't take long for us to realize she may have saved our lives. I heard her telling other people the same thing, but some wouldn't listen and I hope they survived. I think she should be commended for telling the truth because when we landed, we were told it's just another beautiful evening in NEw ORleans. We will plan a trip back when the city is active again, and stay at the French Quarter Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MardiPartyGal
<Content>Never say Never We stayed for MardiGras 2005. Normally we stay at the Marriott but we waited too late to book. Took a chance and paid more for the Holiday Inn French Quarter ($319 a night), hoping for the best. Checkin time is supposed to be 2:00. We arrived early, 10:00, to watch the parade and was told our room was available but not cleaned. No problem, we were early. We asked about restrooms and were told to use the restaurant located by the lobby (TGI Friday's). At 2:00, the room was still not available. Not a problem yet, enjoying the parade. At 4:00, room not available, new staff on and very rude, and the restaurant is charging $5.00 a person to use the restrooms. By 6:00, I am furious! The manager is called and he finds us a room. He then tells us that a restroom was located on the 4th floor that we could have used, (the staff never mentioned it) and gives us a credit on the room. The room was at the top of the hotel, you have to take two elevators to get to it, but the room was large and by this time we're just ready to unpack. I'm so upset over the hotel that it's hard to relax and let go, but once we unpacked and hit the streets and restaurants, we were able to enjoy the rest of our four night stay. The manager made a point to ask how we were doing when we saw him. Oh! and once while we in the elevator, way too many partying people crowded in and we were stuck between floors in the dark for it seemed like 20 minutes. Very scary with a drunk crowd. They started jumping to make it move!!! We had to be lifted up and crawl through a two foot space to exit. I swore I would NEVER book here again, but I just called the Marriott and due to hurricane Katrina they are not booking until the first of the year. I don't want to not have a room at a great parade and French Quarter location, SO HERE I GO AGAIN, booking for MardiGras 2006! The location is excellent, you want to have access to the French Quarter during the long parades, because you are not allowed to cross Canal Street while they are in progess.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>markcos
<Content>Great deal Price and location mean nothing if the hotel is no good. This hotel exceeded all expectations. The staff was friendly and available. The location made renting a car a mistake since all was within walking distance. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>happyme101
<Content>Not what I expected...pleasantly surprised! I must admit I was hesitant after reading the reviews and even phoned the manager directly because my reservation was incorrect...(thank God I called to confirm)! I made him aware of the mostly negative reviews on this site and he reassured me things would go smoothly during my stay.I have no idea what people are talking about when the say the front desk staff was rude. Either they changed the staff, had a customer relations seminar or some of us are hard to please..the staff was AWESOME. From the sweet girls who checked us in (Hi Ramona) to the bellman who took us up to our room, everyone was more than pleasant. I did request a high floor which I received and recommend. The building was added on to a few years back so the 18th and 19th floors are much newer and brighter. The hotel does have a darkness even dungeony feel to the hallways and the elevators are horrible. There is no A/C in the evlevators and when your in N.O. in the middle of summer ya knida need the A/C in small confined spaces such as these. Our room was around the level of a holiday inn...no better no worse. It was clean and comfy. The location of the place is really unbeatable. I grew up in N.O. and I will tell you the place this hotel is located is SAFE. I've read pthers talk about it being raelly scary and they are just not familiar w/ N.O. Many places in this beloved city can appear that way!We stayed for the pre-cruise deal and for the money you can't beat the price! Our car was waiting and was just as we had left it. Thanks to the staff for making our stay comfortable!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprised I, like some of the other reviewers was apprehensive after reading some the horror stories abut this hotel.I arrived after midnight and was checked in and in my room with out any fuss within 10 minutes after arrival.The room was clean and serviced as reqd throughout the week I was there.Fantastic location, requested and got a fridge for the room no problem.16 Floor facing the Mississippi, great view.I must have struck a good week as staff were friendly and efficient,room tidy,all taps and shower worked ok.Would stay again but would try and get the same room.Restaurant next door ok for breakfast, some nice cafes further up Royal St as well.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Slyman21
<Content>Overpriced We were disapointed with this hotel, it was not cheap and the customer service was poor at best.We were checked in by a really miserable woman who gave us a poor room, we had to change room as the air conditioning was noisy and the sink tap dripped constantly.We got moved to a better room, but the air conditioning was still fairly loud. The stay was uneventful, but ruined by finding a COCKROACH on the floor by the bed when we moved out!!!  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>RagBag
<Content>Must do better Location great, service and cleanliness terrible. Although we never checked in until 5:30 PM, our travelling companions room was not serviced even though they were given the key, then it was a problem getting another room.One of the bath taps was hanging off the wall as was the hair drier. I cut my head on the towell rack when standing up after turning on the bath tap, a few drops of blood were around the hand basin and these remained for the two days we were there. The coffee maker and cups not cleaned on our second day. We had breakfast in the adjacent restuarant, the food was fine but again the service was terrible, the coffee wasn't topped up and it took over 1 hour just to get a omelette. There are a lot better and cheaper alternatives.The hotel would benefit from a complete make over along with the staff.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a surprise I reviewed this hotel on your web site before travelling to New Orleans for the Jazz Fess. with a coach tour. As you can image, my thoughts were I would be visiting a dive, where the rooms were dirty, the food terrible, the service non-existent. What a surprise to find nothing like what I imagined, a new resturant, with great service and food, a spotless room, with very polite chamber maids, in fact the only thing I found to moan about was the extractor fans from other buildings and if you were in a different side of the building you would not even get that. The hotel was in a good place to walk to shops, the river front, and many other attractions.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected I stayed at H.I French quarter for Jazzfest 2005. I was a bit worried after reading the reviews here on trip advisor. I don't usually scare easy, but I saw many bad reviews here. I was pleasantly surprised! First, the front desk could not have been nicer. They were very eager to please and the concierge were very friendly and helpful. I did get a room on the 16th floor and it was very nice with a view of the river. I don't know if it was a better room than on lower floors for sure, but it was nice and I had no problems with it. The location could not have been better and this should be the number one sell for this property. The only complaint I have is for the adjoining restaurant which recently changed names. The food was not that good and the bathrooms were disgusting even late in the day when noone was in the restaurant and they had time to go in and clean it up a bit. I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aussie40
<Content>Great Location Staff need a bit of a refresher in customer service...we couldn't get a safe and there were 6 of us - sorry, none left and not too helpful, the location was terrific but the staff let us down...no water to drink in the rooms - no bar fridge or coffee making facilities...there is a bar next door which is okay - serves breakfast  lunch  dinner...stay here only for the location  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location with great service. My family and I stayed at the Holiday Inn in the French Quarter in New Orleans during Springbreak 2005. Our springbreak happened to fall during St. Patrick's Day week. We were surprised to find out that New Orleans had one its biggest celebrations (St. Patrick Parade) during the week of March 17th.The parade came up Bienville Street and turned right onto Bourbon Street. The Holiday Inn in the French Quarter was 2 blocks from the parade route. What I'm trying to say is the hotel is in the middle of the French Quarter with basically everything within walking distance. Once I parked my car in the hotel garage, I didn't drive my car again till we were headed back home. The rates were very reasonable and the location was prime. The personnel who worked in the hotel were extremely polite. I have placed the Hotel Inn in the French Quarter as one of my favorite hotels to stay in while visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth your money I would definitely not recommend this hotel. We arrived in New Orleans on Friday and could not check in for four hours. Apparently they have a waiting list when you arrive. At check in time, there were literally 20-30 people standing in the lobby waiting for their name to be called. The bathroom was not clean, and the room smelled. The false fire alarm on Sunday morning was also a plus.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday Inn French Quarter DISASTER One thing that the Holiday Inn French Quarter at 124 Royal Street has is location. That is the only positive thing I can say about that property. Front desk personnel were slow, the shower was not cleaned (half used bar of soap and shampoo were the proof), on the second day our room did not get cleaned until after 5:00 pm, and the shower leaked through the wall and soaked a portion of the carpet and our belongings. Oh yeah, and there was a fire drill that caused us to walk down 18 flights of stairs only to find that it was a false alarm and hotel personnel were nowhere to be found and unapologetic.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hoffman_david
<Content>Great Location, Everything Else Fair at Best We stayed there Jan 15-18, 2005. We found the staff to be friendly but practically useless. The requested rollaway bed was not there when the room was finally ready, so I called the desk. We went out for 4 hours, and when the kids were ready for bed, no rollaway. I called again and was told someone would be right up. Half an hour later: the manager will bring it up himself. An hour after that, I went down the desk again, was given vouchers for free breakfast for two days, and FINALLY the bed was brought up.The concierge didn't try to sell us any timeshares, so I don't know what the other reviewer was talking about. She wasn't a true concierge, though, but more of a ticket agency for area tours and attractions (she wasn't employed by the hotel).The room was clean, we could see the Mississippi from our room (barely), and the location on Royal Street was awesome.Overall, I wouldn't stay there again unless I got a rate significantly lower than other hotels in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Canadian999
<Content>Depending on what you're looking for... It's a great deal! A group of 3 of us from Canada stayed at the Holiday Inn French Quarter from December 27-January 1. The location is fantastic, and for the price we paid, we really couldn't ask for anything more. Be careful when requesting a wakeup call though... we requested 3 and never received one (which made us late for our tours). And if you order room service from TGI Friday's, make sure you call them back to confirm that they received your order, or you may never get it! And if you plan to stay there, sign up for the Holiday Inn's Priority Club. You get a small welcome gift when you get there, and will get an upgraded room if available. Overall though, if you can get a cheap rate for this hotel, definitely stay there. The location can't be beat and the staff is pretty friendly.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location - Front Desk Staff Problems The location of the hotel was great. It was one block of Bourbon and close to nice restaurants and bars. The bellmen and housekeeping staff were polite, friendly and did a great job. The front desk staff were pretty terrible. I would recommend that they overhaul their training program. We arrived at 3 p.m and check-in was at 4 p.m. Even though we are priority members, our room was not ready until after 5 p.m.! We had to keep waiting in the long line to see if the room was ready. Every time we wanted to access our security box, we had to wait in a long line. The staff was not friendly or professional. We booked the hotel directly from the hotel's internet site. The room was supposed to be prepaid. Apparently there are computer issues and the system does not charge your credit card. We had to give all of credit card information to the front staff again. I called three different nights for a wake-up call. We only received one wake-up call. I was hung up on once by the front desk staff. The concierge department is a joke. They apparently are salespeople for a timeshare. Every time you walk in the lobby, they pounce on you trying to get you to visit their time share. It is very frustrating trying to book a trip through the concierge desk. You have to listen to well over a 15 minute spiel about the timeshare. Overall the hotel is okay. Our room was clean and it was a great location; however, I don't think I would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel if you want to play games with the staff We arrived at this hotel at 10:00 p.m. the night of our stay. The concierge was unfriendly when we asked for directions to the nearest internet kiosk. We followed the directions, and there was no kiosk to be found, so we went back to ask again. He gave us direction to Cafe Dumonde, which we KNEW had no internet kiosk. It appears he was trying to get us off his back.Parking was an extra $22 onto our bill.Although this is a large hotel, they seemed to only be booking the 15th floor--there was a party of teenage kids along with other various travelers, all staying on the same floor. There was a lot of noise due to this booking.The television kept turning to static every 10 minutes or so, sometimes more frequently.Don't expect your room to be cleaned until after 7 p.m. if you are staying more than one night. If none of this stuff bothers you, I will add that the room itself was fairly clean. Also, the location is good--very close to restaurants and bars, and right in the middle of the French Quarter.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GBains
<Content>Double Charged Stayed here in August 2004. The hotel was booked by Tourco so we had a pre paid voucher. When we arrived they had us booked for three nights but our voucher and the booking was for two nights. When we checked out they wanted to charge us for the room plus parking, to be honest a 6 year old could have done a better job than the reception staff. Eventually they found the voucher so we paid for the parking only. When we arrived home we found that they charged us for the room on our credit card without our agreement. Its now December and we are still trying to get this probelm resolved.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Hotel, location was convenient There was 6 of us in 3 rooms. We had all requested non-smoking, when we checked in we found out that we were in smoking. Our rooms where changed but 1 room as on the 20th floor while the other 2 were on the 10th. Supposedly this Holiday Inn had been recently remodeled but our top latch was broken off our door but that was minor. Our biggest complaint is the front desk. We asked for 2 extra pillows, never got them. They never seemed to be able to answer the simplest of questions and constantly referred us to the Concriege Desk which there wouldn't be anyone there or they wouldn't answer the phone. Service is something they really need to work on. But for the location, I guess you can't have ever right.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KVR
<Content>Great Hotel for the Money and Location We stayed November 12 - 15, 2004Great location on Royal Street. Close to restaurants, shops and 1 block over from Bourbon Street. Within walking distance to all the area bars and attractions. We arrived at 10:00 am. Expected to just leave our bags with the front desk and start our day. Was surprised that our room was ready and we were given the key. Front desk personel very nice and accomendating. We were on the 10th floor. No direct view from the room except tops of the surrounding buildings. However, it was on the same floor as the indoor pool, so very convenient. The room had 2 double beds. (we would have preferred 1 king, but no big deal) Typical Motel 6 type acommendations. The room was clean and the maid service kept it that way. The toilet did overflow on the 2nd day, but we called and they came and fixed it/cleaned the bathroom quickly. The hotel could stand for some updating, but in all it was fine since the location and price was great. The indoor pool was nice. On the small side though. Rectangle shape. Heated, but could have been heated a little more. We never saw anybody use it or the connecting fitness room. We swam one evening for about an hour. Would have been better if it had a whirlpool. We wouldn't hesitate staying here again. We have pics on our web-site: http://community.webshots.com/user/kvrlvn  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the money and rest. THis hotel is not for everyone. I you are going to the big easy to relax and be pampered then you need to stay elsewhere. If you are going down to party and take in the city then this for you. I went down for the Halloween celebration (insane). The hotel is one block over from Bourbon St. We had friends stay on Bourbon for twice as much and could not get away from the noise and music around the clock. A nice quiet nap mid day is nice to prepare for the nightlife. The rooms do need some updating but the hotel is fairly clean and the staff was nice and helpful at all times. The rooms were ready early, we only had one issue with our toilet that kept running but was fixed in 10 minutes after our my call. Room service is by TGI Friday, but hold off on that until you go home, eat some gumbo or jumbalya. Pool is small but clean and seeing there are no kids, empty. I would stay here again once my liver recovers.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spparkgrls
<Content>Great Location, good value Stayed at this hotel October 14th, 2004 through the 18th. I thought the location was perfect... just a block off Bourbon and right in the heart of the action. This hotel is a little older and nothing fancy but compared to some of the prices of hotels around Bourbon Street we thought it was a great value. There is a TGI Friday's attached to the hotel but with all the great food to be found in the city don't bother.All the staff were friendly and helpful. We felt safe in this area and often walked around (early in the morning) from Bourbon St. with no problems. Room was clean and overall had a great experience. We will stay here again for our next trip back to New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GMurphyEsq
<Content>Let the good times be so so Stayed Oct. 5  6. Great location in the Quarter. Had King suite with a rate of $199. for first night and $149. for second night. Experienced delayed check-in (room wasn't ready until 4:45 p.m). However, room was clean and I had no general complaints about room. Interior of hotel appears to be showing age, although work was progressing. Fitness room?? Forget it. One old treadmill (incline broken), recumbent cycle and old life cycle. Exercise room didn't open until 7:00 a.m. (I guess it is the Big Easy). Adjoining TGIFridays was convenient, but this is the home of food. Save TGIFridays for some other time. Staff was reasonably helpful. Perhaps my expectations were just to high for a French Quarter Hotel (even if it is a Holiday Inn). Next time, for a few more dollars, I'd stay at something more upscale with more atmosphere.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay Stayed for 5 nights at the end of July with my husband and son. Receptionists were very helpful and friendly at all times and we were able to check in at 10.30am. Our room was very clean, apart from the air conditioning unit which was a bit grimy. Furnishings were lovely and bed was comfortable and we had a reasonably good view of the river. The only complaint was we could not get a hot shower but that wasn't really a problem as the temperature outside was stifling so it was nice to cool off! The pool was a bonus and it was very handy having TGI's next door. Would definitely return to this hotel if I was ever lucky enough to return to New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lektor
<Content>Excellent location, but noisy a/c Had a room on 10th floor with fine view of the river. Clean, and not too much noise from outside. The aircondition was very disturbing, though, and kept me awake. With sealed windows and the hot and humid New Orleans summer climate, turning off the infernal machine for a whole night was really no option. Still, with the excellent location I would use the hotel again. Didn't feel unsafe at any time. The swimming pool was small but ok for kids. Staff courteous and professional, but really didn't bother them much either. Check-in and check-out was reasonably quick, but noticed several times during my four-day stay that there were unacceptedly long queues at the desk and lots of frustrated customers. Had two very fine day trips with Gray line, the swamp tour and the plantation tour. Both highly recommended not least because of the very knowledgeable, witty and serviceminded tour guides.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel_Dude
<Content>Great Location, Request a refurbished room. We reserved a King Executive room. We were surprised at the very high quality of the room and it's decor. To get to the executive level, you must first travel to the 18 th floor, then take a separate elevator to the top 2 floors. The rooms on these levels are resplendent. We noticed some of the lower floors were a little threadbare. The service at the front counter was poor to adequate. We stood waiting while a manager and 3 clerks reviewed a bill from a guest who checked out a day prior. They felt no obligation whatsoever to take care of us, and then return to their conversation. Walk one block to Bourbon Street, and stagger a block back after your night of fun.A must see - go and see the show at Chris Owens club.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, great location. We checked in around 6:00 PM. Our room was ready. We had a executive suite with a king sized bed. It was nice. The hotel has a great location. A block and a half to Bourbon St. Half a block from a Walgreens. It was difficult getting to the hotel parking, because part of Royal St. was closed. We parked there for 6 nights. The car was fine. They added the parking fee ($22.00 a night) to the hotel bill, so we didn't have to pay when we left. Maid service was not real good. Once we had to call for towels, twice we had to call for coffee. Cable TV was minimal (I know you don't go to the French Quarter to watch TV, but when you get back to the room, it is nice to watch TV. Basically, there were local channels, the weather channel, TBS, USA, etc.Like I said, it was a great location. Couldn't hear Bourbon St. Just a few blocks from the casino. When we go back, we will stay there again. One problem with the bill when we checked out - they charged us for many phone calls on our first day. I told them I didn't use the phone, and they took off the charges. Like I said, we would stay there again.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nachos
<Content>Great location, good price We ended up choosing the Holiday Inn because it had a combination of a low price and a really convenient location. It's close to some great restaurants and just far enough from Bourbon street so that it isn't noisy. The indoor pool on the 10th floor was nice, too. No complaints here.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Professional Manager   showReview(1740103, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Great Room, But....   showReview(1637966, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An all-around BAD experience   showReview(1530351, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>valmontno
<Content>Great price    showReview(1521095, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Spot   showReview(1483310, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chased out early   showReview(1372040, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel Great Location   showReview(1136580, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jvo75
<Content>Rude, Rude, Rude   showReview(919851, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay there again!   showReview(910374, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best experience!   showReview(853305, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銇壇銇勭珛鍦版潯浠?#x201d;   showReview(22855250, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅€氥伄瑕冲厜銇伅鍗佸垎   showReview(19161177, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉嬨儱銉笺偑銉兂銈恒仺瑷€銇?..   showReview(19927709, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

