<Author>bcsrule
<Content>Perfect I loved this hotel. The room was beautiful, it was one of the special one's with a high ceiling, it didn't look like a hotel room at all. The location was great, near the Central Station. The food was pricey but we never ate there. The desk staff was nice and polite, and concierge had great resturant recommendations. I would stay again and again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Disappointed081108
<Content>Not so great! This was our first time visiting Amsterdam and if I'm perfectly honest, it wasn't that great....... We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights (Saturday - Tuesday). It is based in an ideal location for first time visitors as the hotel is located just over the road from Centraal Station and easy to find. The reception area is lovely. It had a modern feel to it and looked great. All of the staff are so helpful and this includes the maid! We arrived early at 12noon and we're able to check in which was a bonus. Unfortunately the room was very average (435). The bed was small, decor ok and the bathroom pretty poor. For the price we paid I really was expecting more. Our bed was less than comfortable. The tea and coffee facilities weren't that great (for a five star I expected more) and the bathroom needed completely redoing. Don't get me wrong, it was clean but the extractor didn't work, the bathroom sink did not drain properly, the grouting was mouldy and the hairdryer was less than powerful! Luckily we didn't spend to much time in the hotel. We didn't eat in the restaurant for two reasons. One being that it looked so cold, empty and lifeless and two, the price of their meals. Amsterdam has loads of options for evening dining so it surprises me that they ever have visitors in there. It's also a huge shame that their breakfast isn't included in the price of the room. I think this would benefit them hugely and is something they should really think about. With all due respect, who is going to pay 22 euros for a breakfast when you can get one just outside the hotel for less than half price - it just doesn't make sense! The bar is lovely and the barman (sorry, I forgot his name) was second to none. The location for the hotel is great to initially find it but once we'd explored Amsterdam we could think of loads of other areas we'd have rather stayed. The problem with this hotel is that it is on the border of the red light district and is quite noisy. Don't get me wrong, the red light district is something to definitely see but do you want to be in the midst of it when trying to find a romantic place to eat - NO! Would I stay here again? Absolutely not. The hotel came to a lot more than we expected and it is not a 5 star hotel by any means. Possibly a good choice for business travellers but for a weekend getaway for 2 I'd steer clear and stay further into Amsterdam and away from Centraal Station.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DangMontreal
<Content>Where the actions are Good price/quality ratio for an european hotel. The location is undeniably the best location : train station, shopping area, Chinatown (Zeedijk), gay and entertainment Warmoesstraat are next to the hotel. Breakfast is expensive but the alternative are 1 minute walk away.I have the room 319 with the nice view of the Centraal Station. The maid clean the room as soon as I quit the room. Very nice bathroom and plenty of amenities. Coffee and Iron facilities work very well. I had a very welcome anb fast checkin, less than 5 minutes.The only thing doesn't work well is the card reader in the lift (escalator).  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bluftut
<Content>Am oasis of calm Compared with the overcrowded and noisy Krasnapolsky down the road, this hotel represents an Oasis of calm and tranquility. Rooms are spacious, clean and well-equipped (exceptionally so). Staff are friendly and courteous, breakfast is excellent and the location couldn't be better - opposite Centraal Station so very easy access from Schiphol Airport. Also very good for the RAI congress centre as a metro stop lies just around the corner whisking you to RAI station in under 15 mins. All-in-all a pleasure to stay in.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LiamFitzP
<Content>Busy but well run In stayed one Thursday night on business and was booked in because it was close to Centraal Station.Quick check-in, spacious standard room (even by US standards) and everything worked well.It's a big hotel and has a mix of punters - including quite a few holiday makers - but I found it to be quiet and rather intimate despite its size.would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	1	

<Author>Louise_Surrey_UK
<Content>Good location if you want to be close to the red light district! This hotel is very well located for the railway station (we were able to walk from there with two very heavy suitcases), and sits right on the edge of the red light district and the city centre. Great, if a little noisy (we backed onto the canal, and busy tourist streets, although it was a hot weekend after a period of terrible weather, so you can't really complain). Excluding the outside noise, the hotel itself was very quiet and peaceful. We had good service at check-in (despite arriving at about 11am), with our room being ready by 1pm. We were also offered late check-out (5pm) at no charge, which we valued greatly. We didn't eat in the Hotel so cannot comment on this(you may wish to check out the very close-by De Compagnon Restaurant for a superb meal - see http://www.toptable.co.uk/venues/restaurants/?id=3542) . The room was well-equipped, though not remarkable in itself, but it was those little extra touches which set this hotel apart from others. A pillow menu, a book of bedside stories, a host of teas and coffees, more complimentary toiletries that you could ever use and some nice magazines and books on the city. The bed was comfy too! I would definitely recommend the hotel and stay there again, but would ask for a room less likely to be affected by outside noise!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>eliman
<Content>sometimes good, sometimes bad. one week before coming i was told that my flight was changed and i'll be in the hotel at 1pm and the rooms will only be ready at 3pm. i wrote to NH and to the hotel asking for the rome earlier - no response (i even suggested paying). i got there and was told (not so nicely i have to say) that the room is not ready. i cam back at 3pm - the room was still not ready. i asked for a quiet room and got a room by the canal which is very noisy, but when i asked another room i got a very quiet and nice room. location is good. can't say i saw this as a 5 stars hotel - maximum 4 stars but nice.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	2	3	1	

<Author>euro_tourists
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Barbizon for one nights stay. The location was excellent and really close to the train station - across the street! Our room was on the second floor and was extremely quiet.The room itself was great, spacious, lovely bathroom and with a huge bed! We think that we were upgraded - but are not sure. The cost of the room was 拢120 for the two of us with out breakfast but the slippers and dressing gown supplied added an extra touch to the room.The only warning I would offer people is that the mini bar is automatic!!! We didn鈥檛 know this and had opened it to take a look at what was in it - we didn鈥檛 drink or eat anything but a 20 euro charge appeared on the bill that can be viewed via the television. We queried this and it was because if you move anything out of the fridge for longer than 10 seconds you are charged for that item!! We felt that this was wrong as we should have been told on check in or a bigger sign should have been on the fridge - it was in tiny writing! It wasn鈥檛 even mentioned in the room information. We queried this with the hotel and they reset the bill - I am guessing this must happen a lot.The other small point was that the room was not ready when we checked in at 3.30pm and we were told to come back in 2 hours! For a 5 star hotel this is not really acceptable. However, they stored our luggage and when we got our room it was fabulous with lots of lovely toiletries and sundries.Finally, ask for the late checkout on a Sunday for no extra charge - you can then have the room until 5 pm - which again was an excellent bonus.On the whole - a great stay, a fabulous location and an overall good experience.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>OmarBarb
<Content>What a lovely stay! Wonderful staff and terrific location. Right across the street from the train station. Around the corner from the district. Easy navigation to museums and restaurants. Yes, it is pricey, but totally worth it. Superb breakfasts ($$ but filled us up for most of the day). Concierge and house-keeping staff helpful, friendly, responsive. We had a great room on the top floor with exposed beams and wonderful view of rooftops and church spires, as well as entertaining view of street below. If you don't have to skimp, splurge. After a long day of sightseeing, it was nice to come home to the Barbizon.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>greeryevette
<Content>Great Hotel!       The Supper Club  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bell084
<Content>Very strange This hotel has some serious customer service problems. I have never in my life met a bartender as rude and vicious as the one that served us. Needless to say we never went back into the hotel bar for drinks again. I asked others in our party thinking it was just an off day and they said he was just as nasty the night before.One morning we had the Do Not Disturb sign on the door. Housekeeping knocked on the door waking us up and since I wasn't fast enouph for them they called on the phone and would not let me go. We told them to please leave our room alone today and later when we were out they came in anyway!A Concierge was also rude to one of our party .  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	2	4	3	1	3	

<Author>bonsey3
<Content>Glad we stayed at the Barbizon Palace Excellent choice of hotels in Amsterdam. Located right across from Central Station. Which is what we needed since we were carrying around luggage and using the train from Schipol was the best way to get into the city. The hotel itself was magnificent. Very clean, large rooms. Would have liked a street view, but we were never in the room long enough so it didn't really matter. The older Concierge was a brilliant man. Very knowledgeable and never blinked an eye with all of our questions. Even the younger one's were very pleasant and willing to answer our questions. Didn't eat there because we found it much more fun to grab something on one of the many, narrow streets while walking.We only had one full day in Amsterdam. I would recommend at least 2. Will certainly go back and Barbizon Palace will be our choice in hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jack313
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This hotel is situated perfectly in Amsterdam. We enjoyed the large rooms. As the hotel is made from old buildings (Which are absolutely stunning) the size of the rooms is changing. The staff is very, very helpful. Breakfast with life cooking eggs and absolutely everything you can think of. The best prices through hotel website.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paul3368
<Content>Fantastic hotel We stayed two nights at the Barbizon Palace, Fri/Sat. We were given a corner room overlooking a canal, it was huge! our friends were given a room which was even bigger! The staff were helpful and friendly.The hotel is brilliantly situated right across the road from Central Station and all the sights and places of interest are on the doorstep.We didn't eat in the hotel so cannot comment.On our last day (Sunday) we were not required to vacate the room until 5pm. What a great idea!!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>puku
<Content>Average Stayed a night for business. Positives is the location. Close to the sights. Rooms are very small and pokey and the rooms need a make over - old and tired. The dinner in the ground floor restuarant was very good. Staff friendly.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>getready800
<Content>Great Hotel in Great Location We booked a group holiday of 8 lads xmas time 07, thought the hotel was great got a really good deal compared to other hotels in amsterdam and while the receptionist was a bit snotty suppose it was to be expected for group of lads in a 5 star (even though its probs a 4!). Found this hotel pretty standard of other NH hotels the rooms were spacious with large bathrooms and the hotel overall was spotless. The best thing about this hotel is its location hop off the train or bus from central station and its opposite the road and at the back of the hotel is the start of the red light district with a straight walk down to dam square, everything is within walking distance of this hotel and I would really recommend this hotel to anyone staying in amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>sailorMunich
<Content>Good location, but not a five star hotel I stood there during a business trip. Knew the hotel from a previous stay when it has been a Golden Tulip Hotel. In this times it has been run by a very friendly and helpful staff. My last stay didn'nt make me feel welcome and comfortable. The staff was really uninterested. The quiet room they gave me was above the air-con of the kitchen. So you could'nt open the window. In the first room I tried , the windows were closed for fire-safety reasons. The hotel room itself was quite spacious, with older but comfortable furniture. The allover impression of the room and the bathroom was like in a good 3 star hotel.The breakfast was quite decent, but nothing special or refined. No service at all, they even don't serve coffee or tea at your table. No tea pots or tea cups are available. You drink all hot beverages out of a mug. The hotel is in a very good location next to the central-station and in the heard of the city. The architecture in some old canal houses is quite interesting. But there is nothing above average, neither the rooms the interiour design or the berakfast.The staff is really uninterested. They ask you how you like your stay. But the only reaction on your reply is: Oh !  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhyllisMH
<Content>A good Amsterdam hotel I stay in Amsterdam quite a bit and this is my hotel of choice. The Barbizon is located very close to the station and the old town and has a bit of character about it. Many of the hotels in Amsterdam don't alas. The rooms are bigger than others I have stayed at in other Amsterdam hotels and the service is generally pretty good. This is a solid choice for business or leisure when staying in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>GhettoPrincessUk
<Content>Wonderful Hotel - Highly Recommended Absolutely Fantastic Hotel! Having read some of the reviews I was slightly hesitant about going but we found a cheaper internet deal and thought Why Not?! From the outside it does look rather imposing, but the lobby is beautifully decorated and very spacious. The staff were all very courteous and helpful. We were shown to our (inside) room, which was beautifully decorated, very clean with an immaculate bathroom. Safe and plenty of complimentary toiletries, as well as gorgeous bath robes! The mini-bar was the only downside, being EXTORTIONATELY expensive, however there are many shops close-by to bring food/drinks back up to the room. Look out for the charging on the minibar, if you pick an item up for more than 10 seconds it is automatically charged to the room, which I found out to my cost having a look at the items! Apart from that the room was very spacious and well decorated, slightly dusty under the beds but nothing important. The maid service every day was excellent, and all the staff friendly and extremely helpful. The TV didnt have much choice in channels in English, and the movies were slightly expensive, however you dont go to Amsterdam to stay in the room! The rrom itself was quiet, however we did hear some slight door banging to either side, it was not disturbing though. As we had requested a smoking room, this was inside the hotel so we had no outside noise as it looked onto a closed courtyard, not the best view but we were outside a lot of the time anyway. The location is incredible, no long train journeys or walks, and is very close to the red light district. Teh breakfast was inculded in our package and was wonderful. Plenty of choice, hot and cold meats, fish, fruit, cereal, breads, I gather the breakfast was expensive if not booked with the room, however if this is the case there are plenty of cafe's nearby to eat in.The Palace was wonderful, apparently it has been recently refurbished, with is the only reason I can imagaine for the bad reviews previously. A wonderful hotel, and I cant wait to go back. Highly Recommended!!!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jamesjfoley
<Content>More like a 3-star than a 5-star Looking for a luxury hotel for a fun weekend in Amsterdam, I made the mistake of NOT checking with TripAdvisor first.I've visited Amsterdam many times, so was familiar with the great location off Central Station  Damrak. However, I normally stay at the Victoria or Renaissance (both 4 stars and similarly located). However, this trip I thought I'd live it a little a larger and upgrade to a 5-star, picking the Barbizon Palace due to it's location.What a mistake.While the lobby may merit perhaps a 4-star rating, the rooms are definitely only a 3-star (even for Europe).....worn carpets, sparse bedding, lumpy beds, old furniture, minimalist bathroom, 1980's style TV and pay movie system and no music/hi-fi in the room, Yes, the rooms are of a good size, but just feel so old, tired and badly in need of an upgrade. I was upgraded, but still the new rooms was only minimally better. I understand the suites have been renovated, but I would advise against staying at this hotel until every room had been modernised.In the meantime, if you're keen on this location, check out the lovely Victoria or Renaissance hotels.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>scott1994
<Content>Excelent great value Just got back after boking with ( Reserveahotelonline.com )did this via a cash back site ( quidco ) where i will get 5% cash back, Total for 2 of us came to 拢250 for 3 nights bed  breakfast included. this was cheaper than some 3 star hotels (you can check out late on Sundays 17.00hrs free of charge)This is in an ideal location as you come out of the train station look left across the square  you can see the hotel (no need to pay for taxi or mess around on the tram!. in the right place to do all your travels as all transport starts  finishes at the central station so you never get lost.our room 007 was on the ground floor right next to the canal (open the french doors  the ducks swim over to you. slippers  dressing gown provided  all of you toiletries, loverly king size bed, TV. Breakfast is one of the best i have had full choice very clean  fresh. Would go back  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dp7net
<Content>Beautiful... Great Location! We needed a place to stay in Amsterdam for two extra nights... it was very hard to find but we were willing to pay up to 160 Euros maximum... we fell on the Barbizon Hotel. Its a great location... Excellent food... great design... very clean and great service. Everything you'd expect. I dont put 5 points, because I never believe in perfection... but this was definitely the ideal hotel in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MissyGalway
<Content>OK Hotel I booked a deluxe room and paid 237 euro for one night no breakfast. I was disappointed with the room it was nothing like the internet/hotel pages showed.It was just a large room with a small bathroom old carpet and very old dresser and wardrobe.There was no air conditioning and even the beds were lumpy with old and worn sheets.There was nothing special about this hotel yes the lobby is beautiful and the bar is funky but after that its more 3 star than 5.I had brought my mum with me as a treat for her and that is why i choose the deluxe room.The staff were nice and friendly and the location was great but step beyond this and it is a huge dissapointment.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	1	1	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>ThanetTeacher1
<Content>Not sure if I would stay again... The staff could not have been more attentive or accommodating, BUT the room and the bathroom leave much to be desired. A 5 star hotel, it is not. The bathroom was dirty and the floor had stains (made me ill) and pubic hairs. Hotel manager came right up and inspected and had it cleaned, a free breakfast and a room change was offered. The main lobby is nicely done up, but it ends there. The room furniture is old and worn out. The bathroom tiles had black mold. Hotel was centrally located and this was good. The bed was comfortable.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	1	5	5	3	

<Author>Bananaman3m
<Content>Great Location and Value       View out of second floor room facing train station  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dutchbob
<Content>great location amazing breakfast - but: noisy       nh barbizon deluxe room  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>minus00
<Content>A Very Happy New Year!       NH Barbizon Palace at night  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JKMillerInc
<Content>Not a five star, but still very nice. I should tell you first off that our stay was covered by the trip insurance we bought because of an airline mistake, so know that we didn't spend our own money on this stay.The lobby and reception was great, beautifully decorated and the people were actually quite friendly. A porter brought our bags to our room, and showed us the attractions on a map, suggesting restaurants and how to navigate the red light district. We had a junior suite, with great amenities and beautiful view (room 603). We went out for a bit, (Pinnochio's bar is the friendliest, hottest bar around, just two blocks from the hotel), wandered the red light district (quite strange to do this with your husband, and the girls looked kind of gross), then came back and ordered room service for late night munchies. The spanish tapas were great, the beef/rice dish was nasty and the pizza was cardboard. Otherwise, the room was very quiet, very comfortable. I can't say if it was a great value or not, as we didn't pay for it. BUT...it seemed more like a Marriott than a five star luxury place, so you should only stay if paying three or four star prices, not five.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tryedNtested
<Content>Not 5 star more like 3 Booked to stay at this hotel for a nice luxuary weekend thinking it was going to a 5 star to get there and be told that the double room we booked and paid for had previously been taken so we could only have a twin room, the room was small so was the bathroom with tasteless decor and the one window could only open a fraction due to the curtain pelmet being in the way. The staff was rude and not helpful in anyway, if your looking for a 3 star hotel with a 5 star price tag go here if not do the smart thing and pick another hotel!!!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>AlabamaBubba
<Content>Request a quiet room       Looking at the Barbizon from Central Station  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>mazzaMelbourne
<Content>A good hotel Spent 4 nights at this hotel in a standard room. Our room was located at the back of the hotel, and very quiet. Good sized window for natural ventilation, close it of an evening and turn on the A/C and you do not hear a thing. Close to Central station for transport, but far enough away to avoid any problems. Good sized bedroom and bathroom, a little dated but quite comfortable. The hotel breakfast is excellent (although on the expensive side), but there are alternatives outside the front door. Front desk and concierge, pleasant and very helpfull. A good 4 star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>flushingmeadows
<Content>A great base to explore the sins of Amsterdam... I have just spent the last 4 days at this hotel and I will admit that it does not deserve to be 5* BUT I also struggled to fault it.Stayed in room 604, up on the roof with a balcony and good views over the city, seperate living room and toilet connected to the 'sleeping' room. Very comfortable, staff were excellent, hotel was clean and ideally position for strolling around the city of sin(s).Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>DaveJayYork
<Content>Great Hotel       Room With A View  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hotel_traveller32
<Content>Not the best NH hotel On arrival at the Barbizon Palace it was beautiful, so lovely, checkin was fast and friendly, no help with luggage up to the room, not good for a 5 star hotel, the room was basic, not a bad size, excellent bathroom and shower, the thing that put me off was dirty walls, old carpets, ripped wallpaper. with this i decided to put this in writing to the duty manager. I went for a walk and back in 2 hours with a letter under my door asking me to contact Esther (duty manager) who had a nice chat with me and tried to find me a new room, this was all good but i asked what about other guests using this old and dirty room, she said it would be sorted soon, so if anyone else stays in room 174 please let me know what it was like. Breakfast is huge and plentyful with Free flowing champagne, obviously you dont want that much this early in the morning ( i hope) the cost is 22.50 euros per day, it is a bit much but you ge champagne.Hotel provides a Gym, sauna etc..... but at an extra charge.the staff are not that friendly which is a shame because the Dutch are naturally friendly people.I would recommend this hotel only if you are wanting to stay in an upgraded room (which i wasnt) or just on a romantic getaway.The NH hotel group have some fabulous properties, but i seem to think they have let this one slip through their fingers.if you have any questions about this hotel or Amsterdam, please email me and i will as always answer any questions of the places and hotels i have been to. Happy travelsPreston and Carl  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	3	2	4	2	3	

<Author>kshultz
<Content>Nice Room  The Barbizon Palace is in a great location within a few blocks walk from the train station....hauling bags was no problem. We stayed in room 233 facing an interior street on a night of one of the big festivals.....the room was pretty quiet. It was a spacious room with great bathroom and amenities. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a mid-priced (199 EU) hotel. Walking to all the major sites is easy and it is within a block of the water ferries as well.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>waterfordmma
<Content>Thank you NH It was me and my girlfriends first visit to amsterdam and after arriving at our hostel the white tulip we decided to check out 5 minutes later, now we were in amsterdam for the weekend with nowhere to stay, frankly the dark alleyways looked more appealing than the white tulip. We walked into the barbizon asking if they had any rooms available straight away, we explained our situation to the girl at the front desk and she gave us one of the suites for the same price as a standard room. The bed was massive and was very easy to sleep on, bathroom was spacious and very clean, we had a view of the canals and central station.The only negative about the barbizon is the bar can be a bit expensive but you are spoilt for choice in terms of nearby bars anyway.Will definitely come back, the hotel is in a lively area and is only acoss the road form the station.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RetroGuitarBoy
<Content>It is what it is... I stay in the Barbizon Palace very regularly as I work for a Dutch company and have a need to visit the Netherlands regularly. The Barbizon probably isn't what most people would imagine a 5 star hotel to be - basically it's a business stay hotel in an ultra-convenient location. I've always found the staff to be very friendly and helpful in all parts of the hotel (reception, concierge and in the bar  restaurant). The restaurant does some reasonably good food although they haven't changed the menu for at least 18 months. The breakfast is nice too although it is a little on the expensive side if you are paying for it (22.50 if I remember correctly...). The main reception area is pleasant to look at although I do think that the rooms and corridors need a redecoration as they are getting on a bit, but are still clean and tidy (and more modern than the Victoria hotel across the road). The mini bar is always well stocked although is fairly pricey. Basically if you want to be where the action is then the Barbizon is great. Also, amusingly if you are staying on the 2nd floor, the sign for the second floor by the lifts reads 2th Floor...  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>imp1
<Content>functional Stayed 3 nights Aug 2007.Wouldn't class as luxury 5 * hotel, but a perfectly adequate large city centre hotel. location was very central, opposite the station in the busiest part of the City and near the main tourist areas. The red light district is just round the corner so it can be lively at night.My room overlooked a central courtyard so no view to speak of.Room was clean and reasonalby presented, although the bathroom could do with a bit of updating.Very comfortable bed.Didnt have breakfast but you are spoit for choice for eating in the vicinity.Staff were very pleasant and helpful, also flexible on check out times.If you can get a good deal on this hotel (as I did) then I would recommended. However if you are looking top of the range 5* accomodation then it may be worth looking elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DerbyshireMousie
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - CANT WAIT to stay again! We have just returned from an amazing weekend in Amsterdam. My partner had booked the trip as a surprise as Ive never been there before. It was so easy jumping on the train from the airport to centraal station, at a small cost of 3.60e each. The machines take either coins or cards, didnt see any that accepted notes.The train took approx 20 mins. We checked into the Barbizon early (10ish), the very pleasant and helpful receptionist suggested we could upgrade to a delux room and have it straight away for an extra 25e. We took this option, we stayed on the 4th floor with windows overlooking Amsterdam. The room was nothing short of excellent!! Split level with the bathroom and dressing area on the top, stairs down to the lower level with a vvv comfy bed (only gripe is that it was a double not kingsize, but hardly a gripe at all!) The ambience was of a loft conversion with thick beams, very rustic.We were supplied with bathrobes and slippers, and adored the miniture goodies in the bathroom, there was even a spare pack for you to take home already in a clear plastic bag! We found the staff to be genuine, friendly and helpful, the bar and restaurant looked inviting too although we spent the whole weekend outside because the weather was blissfull!Cant wait to stay there again.....  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Charlville
<Content>Average Hotel I stay at this Hotel a lot for work and for it to have five stars is a little overated. Most rooms are small and dark , and unless you have a room in the inner part of the Hotel the noise at night is very bad. Most rooms are in need of redecoration. I wouldn't recommend it for a holiday trip, bearable for business.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	5	2	3	2	2	

<Author>tigger83
<Content>Ok, I guess I booked this hotel and in general, was satisfied. I wasn't over the moon - I cannot say that it's one of the best 5* hotels I've stayed in ... because it wasn't! The room was small (and I'm from the UK and don't expect massive rooms when I go abroad). I've stayed in 4* hotels in the UK which have bigger sized room than the one I was given at the Barbizon.However, size aside, the room was clean and there was an ample supply of complimentary toiletries (including file, sponge, razor, toothbrush, shampoo, conditioner and the list goes on). The hotel was very secure - you needed to use your swipe card to activate the lift. Just another point to remember - I had booked for 3 nights, but the guy at reception was new and only activated my swipe card for 2 nights. Thankfully I noticed this before we left the desk to go to our room. Otherwise - I'm sure there would have been problems so make sure you take 2 copies of your booking print out.As far as location goes - it's great! It's right in front of Centraal Station (look slightly to the left as you walk out). The Red Light District is just behind (far enough so you don't hear the crowd at night) and Daam Square is a 10 minute walk away. However, I was given a room over looking the main road on the second floor. Whilst the view was great - the traffic noise wasn't! They don't have sound proofed windows so make sure you ask for a room that's high up! In summary - this hotel was not what I expect from a 5* standard. Location was superb and the room exceptionally clean. The hotel has some original features too from its ancient times as a palace. However, the traffic noise was a big issue for me. As I was there for only 3 nights and generally very tired after walking all day - I could put up with it. However, I don't think this hotel will be my first choice if I were to visit Amsterdam again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Michael_Steel
<Content>Avoid rooms overlooking Zeedijk Although a fairly basic 5 Star Hotel the location right next door to the central station is a distinct advantage.Various attractions are within easy walking distance and the trams are always close - HOWEVER - we stayed in room 337 overlooking Zeedijk - lovely during the day but TERRIBLE at night with various louts seeing who could shout the loudest between 1am and 5am each morning.IF YOU WANT TO SLEEP AVOID ROOMS OVERLOOKING ZEEDIJK !!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>LaylaKim
<Content>A fantastic refuge in a sea of history This hotel was a pleasure to stay at. Right across from Grand Central, you'll not have any trouble finding it. The location is perfect no matter what you want to do as there's buses, bike rental and acces to the canal taxis within two minutes from the hotel. I was pleased with the staff and all the hotel amenities. I found the hair salon and littel weight room to be great and found that I loved coming back after long walks through the bussle to relax and gather more strength. This hotel was immaculate and the room service, while pricey, was very high quality. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. If I'm ever back in Amsterdam, I'll stay at the Barbizon if I can.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tjjlucas
<Content>Don't waste your time or money This was not even a 3 star hotel. The front desk staff was rude and unattentive when arriving. We were told by a major company whom we were working for to ask for their rate and even though we asked when booking online they told us upon arrival that there wasn't a special rate (although another employee was there and received the discount).We booked a deluxe room and it was terrible. In desperate need of updating. No room to even hang clothes. Carpeting was dirty. Housekeeping was mediocre. Not worth the price.The only positives is the bar staff (friendly and attentive), and the location. That's it!This hotel should take notes from the Pulitzer, a truly 5 star hotel. We even went back to the Pulitzer to visit for dinner and the staff remembered us from 5 years ago.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	2	3	

<Author>PharmDoc
<Content>Not what I expected from a 5 star hotel Yes, this hotel is close to the Central Train Station and traveling by train from the airport and around the city is great from this hotel. There is, however, construction being done around the station making some detours necessary.This hotel is appointed very nicely and the bathroom is much larger than most European hotels. The bath amenities far outweigh most hotels in Europe and the states, but not having working air-conditioning available in a 5 star hotel even if it is April 27th is not acceptable when one pays such a high price. Even opening the one window gave very little relief since our room faced a courtyard.I had better service at a three star hotel a few days later. Even the free breakfast did not match up to any of the other hotels I stayed in during my month stay in Europe. We were very disappointed and would not stay at this hotel again. The price was just not worth the value! I don't care how many bath amenities were given, they are not worth a/c and a good night's sleep.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	3	2	4	

<Author>blue_who
<Content>Perfect Location - easy to stumble back! Given the multitude of vices available in Amsterdam, this hotel is ideal! You can stumble home using any transportation medium - your two feet, the train, tram, canal rides, subway or taxi!The closest hotel to Amsterdam Centraal Station, it has a subway and taxi stop right outside and super attentive bellmen and concierge's who can arrange tickets to just about anything you need (I chose to watch an Ajax Amsterdam soccer match).The rooms are not much to write home about but when on holiday that's the least of my worries. I'm up and out early and back late, so as long as I have a comfortable bed, I'm fine. Probably the best part about the hotel is that it is extremely safe. Located just outside the Red Light District and in the center of all activity, when inside you are cocooned from it all. You do pay a price for the location and the safety though, but in my opinion it's well worth the added expense. There's another NH which seems pretty nice as well, a couple of km down the road, right next to the main square with the year round fair and outdoor eateries. When I'm in Amsterdam next, I'll make sure I try that out as well.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>alapal
<Content>Brilliant location, worth the extra cost I read some reviews after booking that worried me (5 star or 3 star ??) but it was a really good stay and certainly at UK 4 star level. For a little more than most hotels we got a great room in a tremendous location using their best available room offer - it's right next to Central Station and the Canal Bus boats. We didn't use the hotel for anything more than the room as there were so many good restaurants and pubs nearby. We had a minor problem with the booking but it was resolved without any problem. I'd be really happy to go there again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>THP
<Content>Good value and great location We had a fantastic deal from ebookers - 4 nights, flights, breakfast included, tax included - 拢250 each!Went for a romantic break and was not disappointed with the hotel.Strange though - huge bed but 2 small separate duvets...Breakfast was phenomenal - we didn't eat again til late evening.You can even have champagne every day.Location was great but we were unlucky in that many of the major sights were either closed for refurbishment or covered in tarpaulin. I guess that's because we travelled out of season.Did we enjoy ourselves? YesWould we return to Amsterdam? No -once you've seen the major sights and enjoyed the picturesque canals, there's really not much more to see.One point though - prepare yourself as the guide books warn - the sheer volume of cyclists (and generally appalling lack of care given to pedestrians) is overwhelming.My husband was knocked aside whilst walking on the pavement.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Barbs13
<Content>Sheer pleasure       View from 1st floor  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TAR43
<Content>Nice Hotel I've stayed at this hotel, or the Victoria on and off over the past 10 years. Since the renovations were finished its been a lot better but also more expensive. Doing business in the Netherlands is more often than not done by train and the Palace is just a two minute hop from the station for those early morning trains. The rooms are a decent size and are clean.Beware the mini bar: If you take something out of the shelf you're automatically charged whether you put it back or not!Wireless broadband is good throughout the hotel but at 24 euros for 24 hours, is pretty expensive. To be fair that rip off is repeated in hotels everywhere. For business, the hotel is decent mainly because the location is convenient and the rooms hold no surprises. The price is creeping up however.One interesting tip: Around the corner is a really interesting dutch bar:The place is called Cafe Int Aepjen....Guidebooks describe the place like this: One of the oldest bars in Amsterdam, housed in the only remaining 15th-century home, heavily decorated with old toys and advertising materials. The name means 'In the Monkey', which refers to the time this was a sailors lodging house. When someone couldn't pay his bill he supposedly brought back a monkey on the next trip. What the above doesn't mention is that there is a dutch saying which translates roughly to mean you've been at the monkey's denoting bad luck. The monkeys left as payment had fleas...so tenants at the house were always scratching....Also this was a place that press gangs looking for sailors would turn up and shanghai drunken revellers who would wake up the next day on a ship heading to the Dutch East Indies......Its worth a look. Its the first bar on the left if you exit the hotel from the front and hang a left at the corner. Less than 10 meters away! Warning:The old guy behind the bar can be a bit grumpy. I watched his reaction when asked by a middle aged American woman if she could have a cafe latte.......  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>DieselDen
<Content>Great Location, Great Facilities, Poor Room Condition We stayed 14th February as a Valentine's treat and paid 150 Euros for a double with breakfast. Unfortunately, the hotel didn't quite live up to its 5* rating. Whilst it comprises several traditional buildings, the facacade that encapsulates them is far from impressive which is a real pity given its location right opposite Central Station. The staff were friendly and efficient. However, upon arriving and being allocated a non-smoking room, our actual room stunk of heavy smoking. A complaint to the hotel resulted in a swift alternative room but not much of an apology. At least this room didn't smell of an ashtray but did share the tired look of the original one - tired furniture, a very tired bathroom and strange separate duvets which made sleeping together under the cover impossible even on Valentines night!There was only one bath robe (a bit scratchy too), only one pair of slippers but plenty of free toiletries. However, we were pleasantly surprised with breakfast - a sumptious affair of everything you could fancy and of a very high standard. It was one of the best breakfasts we have ever enjoyed - so much so that we took well over an hour making the most of it.Anyway, a little disappointing but still recommended.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	-1	3	4	

<Author>ScottGlasgow
<Content>Excellent hotel We have stayed twice at the Barbizon Palace and have found it excellent both times. The staff are extremely friendly and actually do attend to your needs.Check in was fast and hassle free. Bizarrely we had the same room on both stays which suited us fine. Despite being a standard room it was on two levels with the toilet downstairs with large storage for clothes, safe etc... The bed was comportable and our room was directly on a canal outside and despite this was quiet.Great location to as we often found ourselves lost in Amsterdam it was easy to get back to the hotel by just heading back towards Central station.On both occasions we managed to get really excellent deals on the rooms so value for money was excellent.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jofayerty
<Content>Very Convenient and comfortable This is not the first time we've stayed here. It's right opposite Centraal Station, and a 5 minute walk from Dam Square. It's very tastefully decorated and the rooms are small yet comfortable. On the bad side - The Breakfast is not worth 20 Euros each and the residents bar is extortionate. In saying that, I don't travel to Amsterdam to sit in a hotel bar :-)  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BecLiverpool
<Content>Really handy for transport links; Cheap Internet deal The hotel has a great location - just outside the train station - we took the train in from the airport. In fact NH Barbizon Palace, is visible from Central Station.Metro link is located there, we went to a kind of flea market on the Saturday morning. Close vicinity to the trams, getting to the art galleries.Transports great!Concierge was good, they explored 'ice-skating.' I wanted to go, but was closed that weekend. They stored luggage after we checked out from the room, most of Sunday.The room was very warm, no means to turn the heating down. Also we didn't have natural light, we were on a court yard looking over the area for breakfast. I would recommend that you request natural light.I had loads of fantastic culinary delights whilst in Amsterdam. They ranged from Wok Express; to the most wonderful cakes - full of cream and nuts - loads of bakeries everywhere.Try a fab restaurant de belhamel, make a reservation as its VERY good and gets busy. Most romantic time with my boyfriend. info@belhamel.nl. Look at their website - menu was marvelous.The NH Barbizon Palace does this superb coffee. Ask for it, it's served with little treats. Another reviewer mentioned it, that was why we tried it. You'll be impressed. It was a great stay, I surprised my boyfriend for his birthday - traveling for just the weekend.I would recommend the hotel - I book it because it had a good price deal 拢75 - it was a little bit more because of tax.Remember your comfy water proof shoes - loads of walking, sightseeing. The wet weather did not dampen our hot romance!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>serviceace
<Content>Good hotel in central location We have stayed here twice in the last couple of years for 4 nights at a time. Booking online we got excellent room rates. The hotel is well situated near to Centraal Station and close to the old town and just outside the red light district although this was never a problem. It is easy to get trains and trams from near the hotel and there are lots of good and inexpensive restaurants in the surrounding streets.On our first visit we were upgraded to a duplex suite - very comfortable and spacious. The second time we were in a standard double which was good if not exceptional. The breakfast was a substantial choice of freshly prepared hot and cold dishes and set us up for the day.We enjoyed both of our stays and would certainly go back to the Barbizon when next in Amsterdam. If you get a good room rate I think it represents a good value for money hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>UKSuecee
<Content>Loved the Barbizon Palace Stayed at the Barbizon Palace Hotel December 2006 and thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel is situated opposite Central Station making it very easy to travel to from the airport.The hotel's location is perfect - everything that you would want to see whilst in Amsterdam is within walking distance and believe me you walk everywhere - so comfortable shoes are a must!We had been allocated the best available room through Expedia and were not disappointed. Our room was on the 5th floor and was on two levels - the bathroom was on your left when you entered the room and the bedroom was on a lower level, reached by 4 stairs. Our room had a view of the canal and our window also opened which meant you could actually have fresh air in the room.Complimentary tea/coffee is available for you in the room with a kettle. Slippers, bathrobes and an ironing board are also supplied. There is an in-room safe and nice touches such as a book bedtime stories which has various stories written by well known authors. Also complimentary toiletries are left for you in the bathroom - shower gel, soaps, moisturiser, tissues and bath/exfoliating mitt.All in all, a great hotel in a great location and one which I would certainly recommend!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>eyelive2travel
<Content>Nice hotel and location       View from our room of Central Station  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>toomanymiles
<Content>Not a Five Star, but Very Reasonable Outstanding location: across from Central Station; an easy walk of 300m. It's on the corner of the Red Light District, fun for tourists, I guess. There's a gin joint at the corner that's a fascinating place with some of the most unusual liquors I've ever had.The hotel is somewhat soulless. The rooms are ok, but make sure you get a non-smoking one if that's what you really want. The Dutch smoke everywhere anyway, and so there are no guarantees. Rooms are usually fairly large, more like Four-Star. Breakfast is expensive, although its variety is good; best to have it in your room plan or go someplace else.The staff is ok, and it's a clean safe place. It's otherwise sterile and lacking much in terms of character. Those that gave it a five star rating are suspect and easily pleased.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>ChocNomad74
<Content>What a cool hotel! Loved it! Unfortunately, we had a horrible travel agent, who booked some extremely backwards flight arrangements, so we arrived at NH Barbizon very exhausted. The NH Barbizon was a PLEASANT surprise! The staff was pleasant and very helpful. The lobby was fabulous. Our room was modern and clean. The hotel hosts one of the best restauarants in Amsterdam, so the breakfast buffett was SUPERIOR!!! The location is close to the metro, shopping, and Central Station. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Amsterdam for the first time. It's near EVERYTHING (wink, wink). We had a great time.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>GAP15
<Content>Old Hotel but clean and full service I stayed two nights for a business trip. The location of the hotel is convenient (just in front of the main central station) but the rooms to the front are very noisy. I would not recommend it for a leisure trip given the poor quality price ratio. The Hotel is quite old. I requested a non-smoking room but when I opened the door, I realised an awful smoke smell. It was not possible to change the room - the reason that was given was that Hotel was fully booked. The only really very positive point was the breakfast: a variety of choice and high quality but quite pricey: ~ 25鈧? Conclusion of my stay: the hotel is acceptable for a business trip but you can definitely find better hotels in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Tcro
<Content>Loved The Barbizon Palace We made our first trip to Amsterdam in the middle of October, and loved this hotel. It is EXTREMELY convenient, being literally steps from Centraal Station. From here you can get to Schipol airport, the Dutch countryside, or, as we did, other countries (we traveled to Paris from here by train). There are also canal boats that leave from a nearby platform on the canal, and one can easily hop on the tram from here.The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, and we never felt out of place, despite having very limited knowledge of the Dutch language. Also, we arrived early from a very long overseas flight and had no problem checking in, even though we were at least five hours early. Though we were only on the second floor, facing the street and train station, the room was surprisingly quiet, and the bed was excellent. I slept as well here as in my home! We ordered room service once, and that was excellent as well.Amsterdam is a wonderful, friendly city, and I can't think of a better home base for one's stay than the Barbizon palace. I will definitely stay here the next time I'm in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DonutHole
<Content>Will stay again I have stayed here three times and have booked again for February 2007. We really enjoy this hotel and the Vermeer Restaurant. Some of the rooms are rather small but if they have availability they will change your room. If you don't ask it can't happen. I have never found this hotel to be dirty as some reviewers have stated and although the staff can be somewhat reserved they were never rude. The breakfast buffet is very expensive so unless the breakfast is included in your room price I would suggest you eat elsewhere. The Vermeer is ultra expensive but worth every penny for the elegant dining experience. The location is perfect whether you are traveling on foot or need to take a bus, train or tram. It is a short walk to take a canal cruise. Dam Square is close by as well as the red light district. We found the area to be very safe at night and never had any problems walking. Room service is quick - we used it mainly late in the evening for desserts and in the morning for a pot of coffee before we headed out for the day. While this is considered a business type hotel, many tourists also stay here and yes they do smoke pot in the rooms. Remember folks - you are in Amsterdam!!!!! In Amsterdam you can smell pot while walking down the street. There are many restaurants nearby and they run the gamut from inexpensive to very expensive. There are Thai, Italian, French, Chinese, Japanese, Dutch and everything in between. Amsterdam is a foodies paradise. There is so much to see and do in Amsterdam. We stay here in short spurts (4 to 5 nights) which keeps us coming back year after year. If you travel during the off season you can get some great deals.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>mls1976
<Content>Convenient Location, but very noisy I stayed at this hotel for business. Since the office I was traveling to was in the suburbs of Amsterdam, my company put me at this hotel due to its proximity to the Central Station. The location was very convenient for that reason. However if I were traveling for leisure I would stay elsewhere due to the loud noise and overly crowded streets of the area. The hotel itself was fine, the room was typical of what I have come to expect of European hotels. If you do stay here, I recommend requesting an inside room to avoid the noise. I had a room that faced the outside street and was kept up by partiers in the evening and trash collectors in the morning. And if a New Yorker says this hotel is noisy, it is unbearable as loud noise is a way of life for me. Although some other reviewers have mentioned the sketchy surroundings of the hotel, I never once felt unsafe. I was traveling alone and am in my 20s and never felt threatened at all. I grew up and live in New York City so I am very used to large cities and this one felt very safe to me.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Celticx
<Content>Bad Choice Typical Dutch hotel, 5 stars, would be lucky for 2 stars in the UK or Ireland, the lobby is a dark lifeless area and the rooms are in need of a major refurbishment .overall not alot to say about this hotel so i think that sums it up no lasting memories.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PPPS
<Content>Not five star standard as we might know it We stayed in this hotel on Sept last year-I see that it has dropped considerably in the TA ratings since then and I am not all that surprised. Our standard room was a smoking room with a dreadful smell of stale smoke and HORREUSE (!) the windows did not open, air conditioning being in place. I asked for a room with a window which could be opened and was very kindly given what they told me was an upgrade to a loft style room which was very nice-huge window opening on to the street. Still, not at all standard of a five star hotel in terms of accommodation. If room allocated to us first is typical of all their standard rooms, I would think this hotel is a two star at most. The loft room maybe a three star standard. Really cannot understand how this hotel merits five stars and certainly not worth paying a five star price for this hotel. It is very near-literally round the corner- from the red light district.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Florida.Girl.2006
<Content>Not worth it. Loud Location. Watch out for misc. billing. I just completed a stay at the Barbizon that lasted about ten days. I was there for work and will request not to stay in the same hotel again. The rooms are fine. If you can get a good rate, it may be worth staying there. I would recommend The Grand (Sofitel) and the regular Sofitel over this hotel in a minute if you have your choice.Rooms: Rooms are fine. The online pictures are accurate. The bed is okay but not above and beyond (like the beds at the Sofitel hotels).Location: The location is in a very busy area of town. Amsterdam is not a big city in terms of getting around. So, there is no need to worry about being right in the center of town. Also, I found this location to be too loud and too close to the sketchy areas of town.Laundry: Dry cleaning is prompt. Laundry -- be careful what you send. They ruined something of mine.Billing problems: First, another person with whom I work and myself had a problem with calling cards. I used a calling card and she used her credit card to make calls from the phone. We both expected to be charged the 3.5 Euros for making a call. However, we did not expect to be billed for the entire duration of the call. The hotel could not explain what had happened accurately. I complained and finally half of the charges were removed. Additionally, someone from our group had problems with the mini bar. If you take something out to look at it, after a few seconds a charge for that item is included on your bill. There is no notice of this that any of us noticed. She questioned her bill as well and they finally removed part of the charge. I would be careful and keep track of your charges if you are coming here.Staff: The front desk was not overly pleasant (which they should be if this is a five star hotel). Everyone else working the front door, taking your luggage, etc. was really nice.I do not wish to stay here again. So, if there is nothing available this hotel is okay. But, for the advertised rates, you can do much better in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>I_need_a_hols
<Content>3 Star hotel This is a three star hotel with a Conran shop make over in reception, but dingy motorway hotel rooms and over the top prices. Only plus point is location. Avoid.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel would recommend Exellent hotel would recommend to anyone going to amsterdam. This hotel is ina prime location opposite the central station so no taxi to get to it just 5 minutes walk. Lovely decor inside marble floors etc. We stayed in room 401 which was like a loft room the biggest hotel room i have ever stayed in. Would go back there tomorrow loved it nothing bad i can say about this hotel it had everything in the room even robes and slippers. The staff were friendly and it even has a coniserge definitely a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - central location We stayed at the Barbizon Paslace for 3 nights in April and had a wonderful time. We had flown all day from the States and so the sauna was a welcomed relief the following day. Our room was large with high-beamed ceilings. The staff was helpful and courteous. The bar was a cool retreat with gourmet appetizers. Location was centrally located and very convenient. We had some delicious dinners in near by restaurants.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient As per previous reviews, I would not rate this hotel a 5 star, more like a 4 star hotel. On the plus side, the location was excellent and was walking distance to everywhere; the room was very clean; good toiletries provided plus a bathrobe and slippers; staff at reception were very helpful. On the negative side, it was quite noisy at night; mini-bar costs outrageous (go to the shop around the corner for your water!); bed was far too soft for my liking. I booked direct with nh-hotels--- and got the best rate, and also got a loyalty card.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>historytraveller
<Content>Barbizon Palace was very convenient The Barbizon was very pleasant and conveniently located. The staff was friendly and the concierge service was excellent - recommendations for restaurants and diamond factory were great. Our room was right on the canal and it was charming, although a little small and the furnishings were a little worn. However, when we expressed concern about the condition of a chair in our room, it was immediately replaced. The bathroom was very clean and updated. We did not use the mini-bar or any of the other services that involve extra charges. The other couple we travelled with found that a breakfast had been charged to their room in error, but they were able to get the charge removed without a problem.Overall, the stay was very enjoyable. We would definitely come back again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mnck
<Content>Poor service for a 5 star Certainly not a 5 star; I checked in with a Priceline winning bid and they claimed they had no records and wanted to bill my credit card;luckily I had my Priceline receipt and gave them a copy; they tried billing me again midway through my stay and again when I checked out; luckily I had printed copies of my Priceline receipt and AMEX payments and I refused to pay for a stay that was all pre-paid through Priceline...watch out, these Europeans are cheats and think US tourists can be suckers!!! Next time I'll stay at a Marriott or Hilton USA hotel!! No heat working... for a 5 star; sent me a portable heater after 2 days of freezing at 19C!! Stay away!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>NWSongbird
<Content>Adequate but not 5-Star There for a business trip, I was excited to stay in a 5-star hotel for the first time. In the future, I will opt for a less expensive hotel - the experience was definitely not worth the price tag.The rooms are small, which is the norm for European hotels. I was hoping, based on the rating, that they would have done something to update the insulation - sadly, no. I literally could hear the person in the next room peeing - I am not making this up. All of the services (phone, laundry, wireless internet, room service, restaurants, etc.) were absurdly expensive - as an example, the buffet breakfast was 20 Euro per person! Room components (furniture, appliances, linens, etc.) were average - nothing anywhere near luxurious. Despite being an upscale business hotel, my hallway reeked of pot smoke on more than one evening. I realize it's Amsterdam, but I didn't expect that in a business hotel.The up-sides to the hotel are the location (across from central station and an easy walk from all downtown attractions) and the staff who were on the whole friendly and helpful.All in all, while I'm not sure how they got the rating, I felt like they simply used it as an excuse to run you dry.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>iluvjamaica
<Content>Great Location        View of Central Station from our room on 4th floor  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>moneypenny002
<Content>Lovely, relaxed hotel. On first arrival at the hotel we were greeted by pleasant staff.We arrived early, approx 11am but were able to check in straight away which was welcomed.Perfect location, right opposite the train station, a few minutes walk, walking distance to everything, just around the corner you will find shops, cafe's and restaurants.Our room was on the 1st floor. The room was spacious, well equipped with everything you need and very clean.We booked a smoking room but were unable to open the window, that was the only draw back, apart from this we were very happy.Breakfast was included in our room rate and a very good choice indeed, everything you could want, even champagne!We also ordered room service. The meal was well presented and promptly sent to our room.We found the bar at the hotel a great meeting place or just to relax, great service again, very attentive. (We made full use of the bar, most days and and every evening).Overall, we enjoyed our stay, hotel was great with a relaxed atmosphere. I would not rate it a 5 star but more a 4 star property. We would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cwagsg
<Content>New Year at the Barbizon Firstly, if you ever get the chance to go to Amsterdam for New Year - go!! What an atmosphere. Just remember to book a table for dinner well in advance.Anyway - the hotel. I loved it! Our room was a standard. It was a good size, spotlessly CLEAN. How anyone could say ths hotel is dirty is beyond me. Staff were friendly and courteous at all times. Our breakfast was included, although it is expensive to buy if you are room only. Although the food was absoutley superb!Having stayed at the Krasnapolsky, I would say that the Barbizon is the poor relation, but only just!!!In short, if you like good quality, good service, clean and comfortable rooms - stay here. If you want a slightly nicer location, stay at Krasnapolsky or the Doelen which is nearer Rembrandtsplein.I don't think I would rate this hotel a 5 star, but certainly worthy of 4.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jfive
<Content>Unclean, shabby condition, definitely not a palace Let me start with the freshly blood-stained sheets on the bed that I found in my room when I arrived. After complaining about this, the staff (who were very helpful) were appalled and changed the bed immediately, but the next day the hotel's manager accused me of concocting the story. Next time I find bloody sheets on a bed in a hotel, I'll take photos and post them here. Also, Wifi is expensive at all NH hotels, including this one. Breakfast is 24 Euros! Condition of the public areas and elevators are dreary and not clean. The palace needs a remodel. All who read these reviews should take them with a grain of salt. I can't believe anyone would find this hotel appealing.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbuggirl
<Content>very friendly Great atmosphere, all the staff were very friendly.The food was great and quite resonably priced.The barman made everyone really welcome (made some brilliant cocktails).We arrived about 9'o'clock in the morning and they took us yo our room straight away although book in time was not until the afternoon. The rooms were nice, clean and warm, although we did not spend a great deal of time in them.The hotel is situated central to everything most things are within walking distance.When I go back to amsterdam I will be staying there again without a doubt.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PedroREIS
<Content>Absolutely great As you would expect from a NH Hotel, everything is up to perfection. The location is superb, not only in terms of getting to the airport but also because the Dam, with its nearby restaurants and souvenir shops is 5 minutes away. Anne Frank's house is 20 minutes away. Not surprisingly, my room was upgraded when I checked in. I was given an absolutely massive room with astonishing views to the Centraalstation. Just to give you an idea, there were two levels in this room: one for the bathroom and the upper one for the bed, desk, tv, etc. The reason why I aforesaid not surprisingly is because at NH they always find a way to please you. Breakfast is well worth it. For 20 euros you get a combination of breads, homemade cakes, a variety of cheese, ham and butter, fruit, different natural juices, the regular coffee and milk and, last but not the least, champagne (not sparkling wine, I mean real champagne). You can have a all bottle of bubbly for breakfast if you're in the mood. I had a huge breakfast during my stay and ended up no having lunch at all. It's a shame I can only rate this hotel as excellent because it is certainly a lot more than that.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greedy and unfriendly Greedy atmorsphere and bad service, trash in the elevator. Expensive telephone (7 Euro per minute for calling France). After complaining I only had to pay half the price (strange attitude)!Health center open Sunday 2 hours and expensive(extra paying).Room was small and dark. Roomservice was minimum. All in all a bad experience.Only good thing: the central location.Not a five-star hotel at all.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>spanner42
<Content>Loved this hotel Read a few reviews about this hotel, and wasn't quite sure what to expect. Travelling alone and booking a single room I feared the worst, but was more that happy with this hotel From checking in (earlier than the required check in time), to checking out, all I can say is It is definitley on my list to return to. All the staff were pleasant, friendly and efficient, nothing was too much trouble, the room was great, and the hotel motto about wanting to be a home from home was well deserved. I was a bit concerned having read about some of the rooms being noisy, but although I was at the back of the hotel over looking a canal with an Irish Pub and a hotel on the other bank, it was fine. The dressing gown and slippers etc were nice, but what was truly great for me was not only was there a kettle, there was adequate tea and coffee supplies. There was a comfy chair and footstool - they even provided some bed time reading - I am definitley a fan of this place  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lesta_boy
<Content>Excellent Hotel !!! Wow All I can say about this hotel is that go there, a top hotel!! Perfect location, right opposite the train station, a few minutes walk, walking distance to everything, go around the corner and all the shops are there, cafe's and restaurants.The staff were so nice and friendly, we arrived at the hotel at 10:30 am, they let us check-in! Wow, it definitely is a 5* star hotel, the towels, bath robes, the bed time story book next to the bed!!! Slippers, they even gave me a nice little silver frame as a gift, and it was not my birthday, where do you get that service these days?The toiletries in the room were so nice, the tv was great, the nice big room, cupboards inside, and we were not even in a suite!I would definitely recommend this hotel, have stayed at many in my life, but this hotel is fab, when I go back definitely staying at the Barbizon Palace!!The only problem is you have to pay 12 Euros for the gym/healt club facilities, this should be complimentary for guests, but nevermind, still a perfect hotel!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A2TMFK
<Content>Well placed Before I went out to amstedam I looked through Tripadvisor at the reviews for all the 5* hotels in central Amsterdam. I chose the Barbizon Palace because of its location and through what I read, here. The location is excellent - accross from central station to the left - so not on the noisy, busy crowded Damrak. The check in was effortless and I asked for a smoking room with a view out front. The room was spacious and well equipped - although I couldn't open the window - which in a smoking room is important! so they moved me next door without any hassle. I heard some people complaining that the front of the hotel was too noisy - I wouldn't know as I was never in till after midnight. I did not dine at the hotel as there are so many good eats out there to enjoy. I paid 120 euros per night (3 nights in total). I thought that was well worth the money and I would definately go back there again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>richraj
<Content>Can be very noisy Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights this month. The hotel is in an excellent location when arriving by train, only a short walk from Central Station. Also, great for the attractions in the centre area. Be warned there is major construction work around the station.The hotel reception staff are excellent, when we arrived I asked for a quiet location, and although the hotel was heavily booked they spent sometime looking at what they could do for us. They eventually upgraded us to a deluxe room at no extra charge.The rooms are what you would expect in an 4/5 star hotel, with all the usual facilities. Very comfortable beds. Although I think calling it a 5 star hotel is being a bit generous.Our biggest problem was the noise in the street below our room, which was located on the 4th floor at the rear of hotel. The street had a large amount of bars and clubs and the shouting and singing went on until 3.00 in the morning. And considering we asked for a quiet room it was unbelievable. Also the room was heavily double glazed, and that didn't deaden the noise!! Being near the red light district it obviously attracted many guys on stag nights/weekends.I can't fault the hotel, only the location which is very noisy. Probably when the hotel was built there was not the problem of drunken young people, but unfortunately it is now common in city centres.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heavens_and_storms
<Content>Glad we booked       The front of the hotel  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>davey102001
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed in this hotel the last week of July 2005. The hotel is situated over the road from Central Station. The location is just perfect for getting around Amsterdam. The hotel is extremely stylish and the rooms are just pefect with absolutely everything you need and the most comfortable beds. The rooms are cleaned and everything replenished on a daily basis - you even get a mint on your pillow each day. Shoe shine facilities and ice machines are situated on each floor with an ice bucket provided in your room for you to fill up. The staff are most friendly, very welcoming and helpful. Check-in is 3.00 p.m., however, we arrived at approximately 11.00 a.m. and they stored our luggage and had our rooms ready for about 1.30 p.m. If you travel to Amsterdam from the airport by train (very cheap and frequent) all you need to do is come out of Central Station - look to your left across the road and you will see the welcoming sign of the Barbizon Palace. We will be going back to Amsterdam soon and will without hesitation be staying in this fabulous hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kristina_Merolli
<Content>Not impressed We stayed here the weekend of July 9th 2005. I was not very happy. We were supossed to stay at the NH Krasnapolsky however they were overbooked and sent us to the Barbizon Palace. The reason we booked the Krasnapolsky was to be away from the central station and the construction work and to be away from the red light district but ended up there since the Barbizon is across from the station and a small road next to it leads to the Red Light District.Our booking was also messed up, they had us in a smaller room than requested, service was less than par and the price in my opinion far to high for the quality of the hotel. We paid 198 euro/night for a very small room that needed some work. We also couldn't check in until 5PM, 3 hours past the normal check in time b/c of all the disorganization.Perhaps I am most disapointed since we didn't choose the Barbizon but were forced to stay there since the hotel had overbooked guests. To make up for it they offered us a drink at the bar....water or a soft drink (no alcohol....)and a gift, a cheap looking toiletry bag....for a hotel that claims it is 5 stars, it was a pretty sad gift.I won't be staying at an NH hotel again, my experience was extremely disapointing.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Clean Hotel in a Great Location First, it is important to remember that 5 star in the US and 5 star in Amsterdam mean 2 very different things. That said, this hotel is an excellent value for the location, and has an even better staff.Our room (1 King Bed on the 3rd floor) was a converted loft space, complete with exposed beams and the old hoisting wheel in the ceiling. Three large windows looked out to the neighboring street where restuarants and bars abound. The bathroom was clean and basic, with towels refreshed nightly. The room had a smallish feel to it, but handled our clothes and luggage just fine. There was one small chair and table. This was not a room to spend a significant time lounging about in.The hotel staff is impressive. Friendly, knowledgable, and more than accomodating. The concierge was excellent - giving hnest and candid feedback about restuarants and activites we were considering. Every request made of staff was filled promptly and with a smile.The hotel is across from the Central Train Station and just borders the Red Light District. You are about a 10 minute walk from both Dam Square and the Jordaan - about a 25 minute walk to the Leidesplein. The tram system, centrally located across the street at the train station, makes getting around the city both easy on the feet and quick - if you don't want to walk.We will definitely stay there again. We spent 3 nights in very comfortable surroundings - but don't anticipate 5 star elegance a la the Ritz in NY - you simply will not find it here.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelotta
<Content>Fabulous location and cool room I stayed here in 2003 in a deluxe room. It was very nice and clean, a little smaller than I thought the deluxe room would be, but large enough for me and the charm made up for lack of size. My room had 2 levels. The bathroom on the 'top' entrance landing level was decent sized with shower and tub, great ammenities. Down about 6 steps was the bedroom with sitting area, desk and king-sized bed. It overlooked a canal and several bars and the France hotel. Very interesting to people watch, especially late at night when the drunk boys from the UK are throwing up on the streets below. Not really for the family person, but interesting and entertaining for some. My only complaint was that I found an earing in the bathroom and a candy-bar wrapper partially tucked under the bed. Not the cleaning job I'd expect from a five-star. Location is of course right across from the station so getting to/from airport or anywhere in Europe by train is an ease. I would stay here again and next time would like to try their apartments around the corner.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>87
<Content>Good Location, but Noisey Stayed here the first week of October, 2004 because I found a great rate. The hotel has an excellent location but there is a huge road construction project directly in front of the hotel causing a lot of noise. My room was acceptable but the bathroom had a constant raw sewage odor. Try to stay on an upper floor on the backside.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>number1cat
<Content>Excellent Have just returned from Amsterdam staying at NH Barbizon Palace and have nothing but praise for this hotel.Excellent location, staff more than helpful and friendly.The hotel is beautiful both outside and inside, our room was the best hotel room we have ever stayed in with a view over the canal. The room was expertly cleaned every day and new bedding and towel etc supplied.We did not once have to ask for anything. I would certainly recommend it and will stay there again if or when we go back to Amsterdam.Well done to all the staff  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, slightly expensive. Spent a long weekend in Amsterdam recently with my Girlfriend. I was pleased to find that the Hotel was so well located close to the Central train station and historic centre, but not too busy. It was a great location to base yourself for a weekend of exploring.I did find that although Hotel facilities were excellent, the rooms themselves were not quite as good as I had hoped, and not quite up to the 5 star standard advertised. The rooms were rather small, and the furniture adequate, but nothing spectacular.The service we received however was excellent, the staff were polite and very helpful.I would have no issue with staying here again, but I am not not sure I would be happy to pay the amount I did to do so.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good - but not 5* Location is superb - get of the train at Centraal Station and it's in sight on the left. 5 minutes walk to Dam Square and all the attractions. Plush lobby and reception but the rooms are a bit dated furniture wise. Bathrooms are fine but not 5*. Take advantage of the free danish pastries at reception before going out especially if your rate hasn't got breakfast like ours! I would happily stay there again mainly for the location but I think I'll look around just for the sake of a change  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>to the person from Baltimore Have stayed at this hotel a few times and have always found it to be excellentTo the reviewer from Baltimore - the world doesn't end and begin with the usa. I have been to the West Coast a few times and sometimes find the service lacking.Why should I part with a dollar every time I order a drink - if you don't tip you almost get ignored.I only tip if the service warrants it not because in America it is expected.Also if I tried to use British currency in America I would be told in no uncertain terms that it is not acceptable.FYI when in another country you are supposed to use that countries own currency.In addition I found the Dutch very fluent in English - when I was in Palm Springs half the people only seemed to speak Spanish  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>overrated I stayed at this hotel the first week of january 2003. it was rated as a 5-star hotel by expedia.com and they were running a special where you could get a free night if you booked 3. at US$150 it was a steal. the location was great, right by the main square and a short walk to the central station, department stores/districts, and the red light district. i pictures you view on the internet of this hotel are exaggerated. i have seen images of beamed-ceiling rooms wide-agled exaggerated lobby, etc. though the i stayed in was large, unfortunately was a bit dark and stuffy with dated 1980s furniture and apolstered in orange-red. additionally, i had to ask the front desk two days during my stay to have housekeeping change out the towels and make the bed. in addition there was a good amount of mold growing within the marble tiles in the bathroom which they were unable to clean. the hotel staff was very pleasant and tried to accomidate. though this is a large, decent hotel, i would rate it at 3 stars.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HT1
<Content>Not worthy of five stars Recently spent two nights here with a group of six friends. I had chosen the hotel and made the booking and was a little embarrassed as it did not live up to the cost. The reception area was dead and while the rooms were alright the whole place did not live up to five stars. Actually we only used it to sleep and left the hotel for everything else. Good location.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whinbrook
<Content>Still not right Returned to the Barbizon Palace to take advantage of a complimentary 2 night stay (including over priced breakfast) offered as compensation for an unsatisfactory stay earlier this year.Still not worthy of 5 stars but house keeping seems to have improved in bedrooms although they are still looking tired and in need of a make over. Staff are pushed to provide a 5 star service -not enough in attendance for breakfast for example and they get a bit snappy when under pressure and are unfortunately missing the details - lipstick on wine glasses should not be allowed to reach the table! Reception desk and concierge unmanned during the evening which does not give the right impression.There are better hotels to stay in for less than the outrageous 390 euros plus 5% room tax plus breakfast rack rate.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3 stars tops NH Barbizon lacks efficient management. It runs itself with no accountability. We had the following problems: 1) we had to beg for shower gel and toothpaste. We finally had to go buy our own. 2) the refrigerator in the room was either broken or unplugged and never fixed; 3) Hudson's has some mean waiters. They have no interpersonal skills but do have an attitude against Americans. They are also angry against management (we were told)for cutting corners, laying off half of them and leaving the other half to do everybody's job. 4) One would think the bar downstairs would know how to prepare a dry martini for which one is charged 7.95 euro. 5) Breakfast is unecessarily expensive and dinner can be more creative and less expensive. 6) We found the staff at the concierge superficially polite but unhelpful. Plus we were taught a lesson in national currency (i.e., Our money is euro. We don't accept dollars). Have these people traveled outside their country to other European countries? And, have they come to terms with their actual resentment of the new currency? 7) what about training staff to speak English? Barbizon is conveniently located and a couple of waiters at the restaurant were actually very very decent.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel But Don't Eat There!   showReview(1260006, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(1230838, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not really 5 star   showReview(1134148, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful   showReview(1072237, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>?5 Star?   showReview(926052, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what we expected   showReview(924897, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it's ok   showReview(908075, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barbizon Palace   showReview(906895, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to expectations   showReview(850927, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marian40
<Content>Luxury Accomodation   showReview(717070, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shanghai1970
<Content>No saben qu茅 es un hotel de cinco estrellas   showReview(23092914, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Osopardo
<Content>Quien le ha dado las estrellas ?   showReview(22939201, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>familylama
<Content>Un magn铆fico hotel   showReview(20707049, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>afugarolas
<Content>Excelente ubicaci贸n   showReview(17483236, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sylde
<Content>tres bon hotel   showReview(14658622, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MPILARMADRID
<Content>Ubicaci贸n estupenda   showReview(14570366, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>yoassa
<Content>Hotel da 4 stelle... 5 stelle sono troppe!   showReview(11141330, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>paperina72
<Content>ottimo hotel       ottima posizione  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>leixea
<Content>Gran ubicacion   showReview(8737653, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>torromalaga
<Content>Me gust贸 su ubicaci贸n.   showReview(7300600, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>confortable, bien situ茅   showReview(11393078, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel ! Vicino al centro   showReview(11384068, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Amsterdam   showReview(11377837, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇ч儴灞嬨倐搴冦€?#x201d;   showReview(19159151, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel central, proche de la gare   showReview(11334098, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>keine 5 Sterne   showReview(11332393, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儬銈广儐銉儉銉犮伄椐呭墠...   showReview(19923434, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閴勯亾銇хЩ鍕曘仐銇︺亜銇熴仧...   showReview(19919257, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫伄銇欍亹銇俱亪銇亗銈嬨儧...   showReview(19918120, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

