<Author>bellazoe
<Content>Great place I have stayed at the Del Sol many times and think its a steal as far as the price and the location go. The marina district in san francisco is probably the best locale in the city however there are only motels on lombard that are seedy you would never stay there. Along comes the del sol. it has a monopoly on travelers who want to stay in the marina at a safe nice hotel with no add ons and no frills. the continental breakfast is excellent too.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>oznorms
<Content>Great Stay, Great Rooms We stayed at HDS for 5 days from August 15. We have 3 children (5,8,10) and had a great set up. We had room 326 which had a room for the kids, and our room with small kitchen area and bathroom. Really clean and comfortable, very bright and cheery. The breakfast was basic but did the job. Missed a normal cup of tea though. Pool was good for the kids after a day sightseeing. Hotel was in a great area and we walked to Fisherman's Wharf one day. Only negative was hearing noise during the night from both the street and other rooms but I believe they are trying to recify that. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>onthedockofthebay
<Content>Highly Recommend Hotel Del Sol My stay at Hotel Del Sol was fantastic. It is a clean, quaint, pleasant place very conveniently located to the Marina and the Bay. The staff is very helpful and the rooms are comfortable and spacious. The prices were fair and the breakfast was delicious, especially the coffee.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ali922
<Content>Best service EVER at a hotel! We only stayed for one night, but it was wonderful. I had to call the hotel a few times before we arrived and every time anyone who answered was so accomodating. Robin and Jorge who work the front desk are wonderful. They went above and beyond to do whatever it took to make our stay fabulous. The next morning we needed to check out, but weren't flying out until late that night. They helped us plan our entire day and even let us keep our bags behind the front desk while we went sightseeing. When we returned, they had called a car to take us to the airport. I plan to return to San Fran and will never stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>turtlefrog
<Content>Fun--and just fine       The pool  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Cindywit
<Content>Great as Always! We stayed at the Hotel Del Sol August 20-24, 2008 for 4 nights. We Have been there before 3 years ago and as it was before, it was a nice experience.We booked the FAMILY SUITE, it comes with 1 queen bed in one room and a children's room with a twin trundle bed (it used to have bunk beds, not sure why they changed, safety perhaps?). This is a nice room for a family of 4-6 as the childen's room has enough room to throw a twin blow up mattress or two on the floor. The room also comes with a mini kitchenette. When I say MINI I mean mini, very small, but enough room to bring snacks, a few cold drinks in the 'fridge, small sink, etc.They offer a breakfast but it's very basic. Danish, bagels, toast, bananas, apples, coffee, juice, milk and THAT'S IT! If that's enough for you, it's great and saves a few bucks as SF is expensive!Also, on Friday night they offer a bbq although they don't advetise it much. Make sure to ask the front desk about it. We forgot all about it and by the time we got back from sightseeing, we missed it.The front desk staff are very knowlegable about the buses, local eateries, etc. Very helpful.The hotel is in a nice area, the Marina District, close to so much: Golden Gate Bridge, Fort Mason, Fisherman's Wharf and everything else is a bus or cable car ride away!!All in all we had a great stay at HDS, as we did before and we will stay again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>abraddock
<Content>Not convinced The hotel does the basics quite well but do not expect too much.The location is a plus, quite central, some nearby shops and reasonably priced cafes and about a 15-20 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf.Breakfast can be a bit sparse and you grab and go, either sitting outside if there is room or take things back to your bedroom. Supplies are replenished but you'll probably need more if you're used to a good breakfast.Rooms can be bit noisy with other guests walking around.There are additional support structures holding up the top 2 floors which are a bit concerning when you arrive.Car parking can be tight and we usually finished up in the overflow area in the next street.Overall adequate, but would probably not stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>whenissummer
<Content>Value? Our family stayed here for three days and have mixed feelings about the hotel. We loved the location, it was off the beaten path, but close to Union street which had lots to look at and eat. The marina district was fun to get to know and we enjoyed our time away from the hotel. The hotel recently (I guess) has had some issues with structural support or something, because there were exposed support pillars with yellow tape put all over them holding up the second floor. We didn't notice any sagging or dangerous looking cracks, but it wasn't what we expected when arriving. The walls and ceiling were thin in our room and we joked about the dinosaurs wrestling upstairs each night. The pool was small, but the weather wasn't hot enough for that to be an issue. Parking was free, but if you couldn't find a parking space inside the courtyard you had to park next door where there are signs every 10 feet telling you to take everything out of your car which doesn't leave you with the most confident feeling about the neighborhood. Our room was small, but clean and functional. The bathroom was Parisian in size and didn't have space to place our daily toiletries . Breakfast was very basic (coffee, orange juice, rolls) and we ended up eating breakfast away from the hotel to fill up. The overall value of the hotel is questionable. We paid $177 a night thinking we would save money on parking and breakfast, but it didn't work out as well as planned. San Francisco is an expensive place, so I am not sure if there are better places out there for families looking to cut costs. Next time I go to SF I will probably not stay at the Hotel Del Sol.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>jewelrydiva
<Content>Great Family of 5 Hotel in San Francisco! Stayed at Hotel Del Sol based on TA recommendations and one from a friend. Very nice, quaint motor lodge, very colorful, I almost felt as if we were in another time/place than San Francisco! Our room was nice for a family of 5, convenient to ride the bus all around, great thai restaurant behind the hotel. Very nice bar b que for the hotel guests on Friday, July 4 that we all enjoyed, didn't know the marina district was so close and so cool. I would definately recommend this hotel again to another large family, the gentleman doing the bar b que and stocking the continental breakfast was incredibly nice. The breakfast was so so, but these are lean hard times. The pool was smalled than what we thought, but hey, it's San Francisco! We just really enjoyed Hotel Del Sol, thanks for all who wrote in.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>NewEnglandMom
<Content>Good hotel for the price If you are accustomed to staying at 4 or 5 star hotels, this isn't the place for you. If you are looking for a clean and spacious room in a quiet motor inn for a reasonable rate, this is a good bet. Our family of 4 stayed in a suite - bedroom and living room with a pullout sofa. The pullout sofas aren't the most comfortable beds in the world but if your kids aren't from The princess and the pea, it is fine. It was nice to have a refrigerator so we could have cold drinks. The bathroom is a bit small but functional and the nice soap and toiletries were a special touch. There is also a safe in one of the closets. At one point the toilet needed a plunger and a handyman showed up at the door within a minute of hanging up the phone.The staff is incredibly helpful and even gave us the addresses for the Mrs. Doubtfire house and the Full House home. Upon check-in there were cookies in the lobby and the morning breakfast (eaten poolside) was a nice way to start the day. The bright decor puts you in a festive mood and the hammocks in the courtyard are a great way to relax. Again, it was amazing how quiet it was at night - I credit the management staff who reminds people upon check -in that they need to be considerate of others (sad that they need to actually tell people that but we're thankful that they do)We walked to everything from here as we do on every vacation but I know that there is a nearby bus stop. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RLBB
<Content>Quaint Hotel! We were guests at the Del Sol 6/20 - 6/23, 2008. Overall, we liked this hotel and would recommend it. The location is terrific for touring San Francisco by cable car, by foot or by the MUNI. The complimentary BBQ the evening of our arrival was a HUGE plus as was the free parking on premises. This hotel is kid-friendly with a nice sized court yard next to the pool for play. There were two minor issues: 1. The telephones in our room were not operational. 2. The remote controls provided did not operate either of the TV's in our suite. Many of the guests we met were repeat visitors. We would likely return to this hotel when visiting San Francisco in the future.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>vialegirl
<Content>Hotel del Sol was perfect for our family! We stayed two nights at the Hotel del Sol in the Marina district of San Francisco. It was the perfect place for our family. The hotel is one of those true motels built around a motor court. It has been updated with vibrant colors and basic but comfortable amenities. For us the location was ideal. Once we pulled into our FREE parking spot, we never used our car again until we left. The hotel clerks were knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. They helped us figure out the public transportation, restaurant reservations and more. At days end the pool was fabulous. It is not huge, but it is clean and has a shallow end for my little one. They provide pool toys, goggles, etc. My kids were satisfied with the basic bagel and pastry breakfast. But the hotel is also very close to many cafes and other restaurants if you want more. If you are looking for luxury, go to Union Square, but if you want a clean, family-friendly place then this is it. I would stay there again as it fit my budget and my style perfectly.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TejasJuez
<Content>Not for older travelers Five of us stayed here in 2 rooms. Two of us were 70 years old at the time of the trip. I would not book them here again. Although there is an elevator, there are still stairs that have to be negotiated once you exit the elevator, regardless of where your room is. This was difficult for the older travelers among us, and something that would keep me from booking them at this hotel again. There is also a big disparity in the size of the rooms. One room was a king. The other had 2 double beds. The double bed room was the smallest hotel room I have been in the US. I would say it was average size for a European hotel room. In contrast the king room had a kitchen with fridge, microwave, utensils, an extra pull out couch, and a big bathroom. Also, both rooms had showers only, which may not work for those with kids who still take baths. On the upside, the location is great, if you don't want to be with the tourist hoards near Ghiradelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf. We have always liked Cow Hollow and chose the hotel for that reason. Our daughter loved the heated pool. Public transportation (bus) is easy from the hotel. The people who work at the hotel are nice and will quiet people down who violate the quiet hours rule. I don't know if I would stay here again, but it may be the best choice in the neighborhood. Free parking is a huge bonus, and when the spots fill up underneath the hotel, they have a lot across the street.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>palmer77
<Content>great stay They went above and beyond what they needed to for under 200 dollars in San Fran. 7 minutes you were at the water. We stayed here to compete in the Alcatraz Triathlon and thought it was a great location. The only issue is the rooms are open to the outside with people walking by. First night we were awakened frequently second night we turned on the AC and the noise blocked out the outside noise. Breakfast in the morn with paper was nice touch. 5 min drive to Golden Gate Bridge.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZenmamaPhoenix
<Content>Wish we could have stayed longer! We just completed a road trip through California traveling down the coast with our 3 kids. We all loved the Hotel Del Sol. We appreciated the convenient parking this hotel offers. Traveling with kids, I appreciated having a door to our bedroom. We enjoyed the clean room and colorful decor. I highly recommend purchasing a City Pass which allows free transportation and passes to the Exploratorium and Aquarium of the Bay. Though the hotel isn't located close to the wharf or other areas where you see a lot of hotels, with our City Pass, we found it easy to get anywhere we wanted to go. We loved Pizza Orgasmica around the corner and had take out with a bottle of wine from a store nearby. One night the hotel hosted a happy hour with food for both kids and adults. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>rrklinger
<Content>Central Location, Nice Rooms, good for the Value My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Del Sol for a wedding. We are both in our Mid-20's. 2 blocks from the bars off of Union, $7 cab ride to Pier 39, $8 cab ride to snob hill. They had a free BBQ and drinks for us on Friday night in the fun courtyard. The downsides which my gf didn't care for was the single room with 2 double beds (hard beds might I mention) and a small pool. $199 a night is a good value and had a great time in SF.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SMPH
<Content>Cool Hotel, Ok Location This is a funky motel that has been jazzed up to make it cool and chic. As an ex-San Franciscan it was a fun place to stay, but I don't think I would recommend it for first time travelers. It is a little off the beaten path.It worked great for us because we could go visit the playground and a couple other haunts my girls loved. the rooms were really clean. The pool is outdoor which in SF is a waste -- too cold to use it. And don't bring a big car or you won't be able to park it in their garage.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sodstrip
<Content>Great family hotel Last August we stayed at the Hotel Del Sol, in the Cow Hollow district of San Francisco for 4 days. We have 3 boys and stayed in one of their suites. We loved this hotel. The living room had a pull out couch for the boys, a TV, refridgerator, and some chairs. There was a separate bedroom for us and a regular bathroom. The hotel had continental breakfast every day and we brought it up to our room and ate in the living room. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is great, in a quiet neighborhood but still accessible to all the buses. We did a lot of bus travel and walking. There is a pool but it was too cold for us. San Francisco is chilly in August! The hotel also has a small sauna that we used a few times.The hotel also provides free parking with the price of your room which was a great bonus. This is really a great place for families who want to be in the city.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlaskaTraveler31
<Content>Nice place at a good price! We stayed at the Hotel del Sol while in town for a four day vacation/family visit. Overall, the hotel is lovely. The rooms are average-sized and comfortable, the grounds are very nice and the staff are amazing - universally friendly and accommodating. In fact, they are probably the best hotel staff I have encountered in 30 years of traveling. The hotel is in the Cow Hollow/Marina district, which means it is not in the heart of tourist San Francisco; if you're looking for that, you'd be better off booking a hotel near Fisherman's Wharf. What the area around the Hotel del Sol does provide is a lively neighborhood feel with tons of nice restaraunts, parks and shops within easy walking distance. The only remotely negative thing about this hotel is that it does cater to families with children, which means that occasionally you will run into parents who think vacation means that they don't have to discipline their children. We were on the second floor, and the children in the room above us were practicing their skateboard jumps at 10 p.m. I called the front desk, and the problem was taken care of immediately - another example of the great service we found at this hotel. Still, in the future, I plan to book a room on the top floor to avoid further problems.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mjgirl74
<Content>Not as good as it used to be, but still a good choice We just spent the weekend at the Del Sol - we chose it because the location is great (Cow Hollow neighbourhood) and we'd stayed there before a few years back and were very pleased. The property isn't as nice as it used to be and they no longer offer Aveda products (which was one of my favorite things before). Sound carries quite a bit so ask for a room on the top floor if available. Rooms are small but clean and the furnishings are starting to become a bit dated. Also, the picture on our TV was very poor - we couldn't watch a couple of the channels. Parking is included - which is a great feature for SF - and the location is great - walking distance to many shops and restaurants in a pretty trendy area. Would probably stay elsewhere next time if given the choice unless they do some refurbishing.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Mr Melv
<Content>Fun Hotel but there must be better places to stay We chose the Hotel del Sol for our 5 day stay in San Francisco on the basis that the reviews indicated it might be fun for our two boys (9 and 17) , that it had a pool and because it had free parking. In fact Hotel de Sol is a motel rather than a hotel and the fact that all the rooms overlook a central public courtyard means that all are inherently noisy. Fortunately during our stay the other guests were not making much noise, but I could imagine that if you were unlucky and your stay co-incided with that of a rowdy group, it could be pretty unpleasant. The pool is very small and not really worthwhile, and whilst on site car parking was a great bonus I think that next time I would get rid of the hire car when reaching San Francisco and get by using public transport. That said a drive out to Muir Wood is well worth while. The hotel location is not good. It is not near anything of interest. Admittedly the bus stop is only two blocks away, but you have to use the bus to go everywhere, which is time consuming.The staff were superb. Very friendly and extremely helpful. The hotel provides a light breakfast, even though it does not have the facilities to do so. You get your bagels and coffee from reception and the sit by the pool. The buildings and rooms are colourful and jolly, and a big benefit for us was that the price was such that we could afford to have two rooms rather than having to share a room with our boys. On reflection though it would have been better to have found a hotel in Fisherman's Wharfe (I'm not sure which however as none stood out as looking particularly welcoming).We took a night trip to Alcatraz which was fantastic - one of the best tourist trips I have ever done. The boys also really enjoyed the Exploratorium (Science Museum).People had warned my that San Fracisco would be cold, but I hadn't really believed them. We left Sacramento (80 miles inland) with the temperature at 95 F, and when we got to San Francisco it was only 60 F. It stayed like that all week. This was, however, a welcome relief from the heat we had experienced during the remainder of our trip.Overall, although Hotel del Sol is great fun, my advice would be to find a hotel in either Fisherman's Wharfe or Union Square.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>nam4anad
<Content>Comfy, festive, friendly       The hotel room  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>2PennStatePitaBabies
<Content>Hotel Del Sol Great for Families! We stayed at the Hotel Del Sol at the end of July. We loved it! We had room 322, a standard room with 2 double beds. The 1950's motor lodge style hotel and the rooms are brightly colored, what I would call art-deco. There is a nice courtyard with a small pool. The pool was quite chilly for adults but my kids, ages 4  7 didn't seem to mind. The afternoon cookies and milk were also a hit. Back to the room. I won't deny that the room is quite small and the bathroom consisted of a pedistal sink, shower stall, and commode. That said, who comes to San Francisco to stay in their room?!! The beds were very comfortable and the boutique soaps and shampoos were a treat. Our room overlooked Greenwich Street so we didn't get the traffic noise I read in other reviews. We were also on the top floor which probably helped in that area as well. The hotel was fully booked but the little bit of noise we heard died down by 10 pm. Continental breakfasts were standard fare but in a city where you pay big $$ to eat, any free breakfast is a bonus. The biggest appeal to me was the location. The marina/Cow Hollow district is a wonderful,safe location. There are kid friendly restaurants within walking distance such as Mel's Drive-In Diner and Amici's Pizzeria along Lombard St. If you want something that offers a quieter dining experience with delicious adult fare as well as a kid menu, Perry's on Union St. is also great. Parking is FREE at Hotel Del Sol but a car in SF is unnecessary. We bought MUNI passes for each of us (kids under 5 ride free). The bus stop is a few blocks from the hotel. Since it is a main line, we were able to go everywhere with ease. The neighborhood is very safe, great for evening strolls and the hotel is within walking distance to the Presidio, Chrissy Field, The Exploratorium, and the Palace of Fine Arts. Walking around the neighborhoods looking at the architecture also is a San Francisco must-see. On a final note, I have to say the staff at the Hotel Del Sol is what really makes this place stand out. I had booked a rental car for the day we were checking out and heading to Yosemite. There was a problem with Enterprise (what a nightmare). When Jorge heard of our problem, he offered to call other rental car companies for us and after an hour located a car with Avis. He also allowed us to keep our room until Avis came to pick us up which was almost 4 pm. The others at the Front desk were also so very helpful. They have pocket size maps there that are invaluable. Ask them for a recommendation and they happily give you 3!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MontanaLB
<Content>A refreshing hotel! My mom and I stayed at Hotel Del Sol for a few nights while we were in San Francisco. The hotel was recommended to me and it didn't disappoint. The location was perfect - a few blocks from Union and Chestnut, walking distance to the ocean - and the ambiance was very refreshing. Small, basic rooms with bright colors and lots of character. An outdoor pool, parking and a small continental breakfast was also part of the deal. It definitely had a European feel and that may have been because it seemed to be mostly European travelers staying there. The price was incredibly reasonable and we'll definitely be back. It's nice to find a hotel that doesn't break the bank and isn't part of some boring ol' chain.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jacquelyn Lee
<Content>Disappointed We booked this hotel entirely due to the favourable reviews on this site. And while there were some nice things about it (I'll get to those), overall we were quite disappointed. The whole time I was there, I kept thinking, I can't wait to write a review of this place on TripAdvisor.  The main problem was the tiny, cramped rooms (at least the one we had, it was a standard-type room with 2 queen beds). Everyone's face fell when we first walked in. It was claustrophobic. I have re-read many of the reviews now that I'm back, and even many of the favourable ones do mention the small rooms.The bathroom was equally cramped, with only space for a shower stall. This disappointed me further, as I am a bath person. Another disappointment was the lack of a fridge, something we always appreciate in a hotel room.Another disappointment was the size of the swimming pool (not much bigger than a bathtub) and the cold temperature of the water.The courtyard itself was nicely done up, in particular at night with the lights on the palm trees. Breakfast was fairly uninteresting (continental style danishes etc.), but I'm not really complaining here -- I'd rather have a simple breakfast than none at all. Cookies offered every afternoon at 4:00 were appreciated by my kids. Another thing I did like was the hair products, moisturizer and soaps. They were lovely.Next time we stay in San Fran, we will definitely try somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>leijsw
<Content>hotel is overrated My family stayed at the Hotel del Sol for four days in August 2007. We payed $209 for a suite which was supposedly a discounted price. Frankly, we were disappointed. This is very much a brightly painted noisy motel. The rooms were very small, the pool tiny and freezing, and the continental breakfast fair at best. I realize San Francisco is very expensive, and that parking is included (which is a big deal), however, it is still overpriced. On the plus side, it is extremely well located, and the people at the desk, as well as housekeeping, were lovely. On my next trip to San Francisco, I would pay more if necessary, but stay at a nicer place.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>HarrysMum2
<Content>A Ray of Sunshine We booked this Hotel based on reviews and were not disappointed. When we arrived from the UK we discovered that our booking was for 2008, not 2007 (oops!), but the guy on reception didn't bat an eyelid. He put us in a 'spare' room (we were so tired after the flight we didn't really care where we went...) and then moved all our stuff into a better room the morning after. When I was awake at 4am (time difference etc etc) the very cheerful night porter made me coffee to go. With 2 young children in tow we were so grateful that our mistake was sorted out so easily and without fuss - 10/10 Hotel del Sol!The hotel is tidy and neat, bright and cheerful. There is good family dining very close by (Mel's Diner, pizza, chinese, japanese etc) and a very short walk to excellent public transport links. It is also a very easy and pleasant walk along the front to the Fisherman's Wharfe area and all the touristy bits.San Francisco was cool and misty, so the hotel pool was equally cool, but it was still great to go for a dip and a splash with the kids.Breakfast was standard fare (juice, coffee, bagels/cream cheese, pastries and fruit) and more than adequate. Staff were all cheerful, friendly and, in our case, went out of their way to sort out our 'little' error.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone wanting no-frills, comfortable accomodation away from the city centre hustle and bustle, but close enough to get there easily.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sueBoston
<Content>Great place to stay with your kids A friend of a friend recommended this place for our 3 night stay in San Francisco. Everything was wonderful. We arrived and there were freshly baked cookies for all. Parking was free. The kids hung out at the pool each afternoon, and a continental breakfast helped us get going in the morning. We loved the neighborhood (happy to be out of the Union Square buzz) and found the the Hotel Del Sol staff could direct us by bus anywhere we wanted to go. We walked a lot, found great local restaurants and a great organic type supermarket all nearby. We also had the suite room (separate spaces for adults and kids). Would return here in a minute.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lilly_flower_girl
<Content>decent hotel Decent hotel, includes parking and a simple breakfast (bagels with cream cheese  jam, coffee, hot chocolate, tea, milk, orange juice), cookies in afternoon. One clerk was very friendly, another less so. Food recommendations were blah (pasta place -- forgot it's name, was ho-hum, sandwich place (submarines) was also very average). Pool was freezing cold. Elevator brightly painted, jolts to a stop. To reach room on 3d floor, need to go up/down a few steps (warning to strollers). Bathroom had only a shower, but that was okay. Nice shampoo/hand cream. Parking was tight (but included). Room was brightly coloured and cheerful, clean with adequate storage.We were quoted $189 over the phone in June, when we arrived, someone in front of us got the same kind of room (2 dbl beds) for $129. So, I asked for and got that price. Check before checking in!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>wexcellent
<Content>Good option for families We booked 3 nights at the Hotel del Sol largely because of its reputation as a family-friendly place, and by-and-large were not disappointed. We had a room with a queen bed, and another room (which may have been a converted bathroom) that was very small but our 5 and 6 year-olds loved the trundle bed and the age-appropriate children's decorations. We also asked for a crib for our 1 year-old and although space was a little tight, we were all reasonably comfortable.The afternoon cookies and milk were a hit, as was the courtyard pool (although the wind at times was pretty fierce). Breakfast was really nothing special, but the chance to start our day with coffee and pastries/bagels while we spent a leisurely morning planning our day was invaluable!Location can't be beat, and regarding the noise and thin walls - our solution was turn on the air conditioning/heating unit at night. The white noise drowned out a lot (although we never were too bothered by noise) and made sleeping more comfortable.The staff were friendly and even let me park on the small lawn in the courtyard when available parking was tight. All in all, the positives outweighed the slight negatives (smallish rooms, some oddities in room structure/size). For those families with unlimited budgets, a fancy hotel suite near Union Square might be more stylish, but the Hotel Del Sol is a very good option if you're on a budget and don't mind a little funkiness!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>wgr
<Content>Stay away if noise bothers you The Hotel Del Sol is okay for what it is. However if noise is an issue, this is not the hotel for you.We enjoyed the use of colour in attempting to convert a 60's motel into something more current. However, at the end fo the day, it remains a 60's motel. No bathtub. No hooks in the bathroom. Over three days, used up bath soap was not replaced. Too few electrical outlets resulting is so many things added to an outlet that I started to worry.Rooms were small so that even at $229 for a one bedroom, 3 people were cramped. Breakfast was coffee, juice, fruit and either overly sweet doughnuts (for breakfast????) or little bagels that had to be cut with a bagel cutter that did more to mash the bagel. And the NOISE!!!!! If you kept all of your windows closed, it was okay. However, with a slightly open window, you were kept awake at night by street traffic, arguments in the street or hotel guests noisily departing at 6:45am. Even with your windows closed, if you were so unfortunate to stay at the hotel as a group of middle aged folks on motor cycles, who loved to rev or even idle their hogs, the entire building literally shook.$7.99 per day for internet. OUCH!For the price, I was not impressed.However, location is always a plus and one of Hotel Del Sol's advantages is its accessibility to key areas of the City. One and one half short blocks away a #30 Muni bus will take you to Fisherman's Wharf (except for the trip to Alcatraz, why you would want to go there, I don't know) in five to ten minutes and to Union Square in 20-25 minutes while passing through North Beach and Chinatown and great views of Alcatraz and Coit Tower on Telelgraph Hill along the way. The trip alone is worth the price of a ticket. If you will have a car, free parking is a major plus to be factored into the price.A friendly and helpful day and afternoon staff. Night staff could not tell me how to access messages.The hotel is close to the fun restaurants of Chestnut Street and an easy walk from the upscale shops of Union Street.So, for the location and the free parking, and if you want to keep your windows closed at all times and avoid their breakfast and the internet, it is a reasonable choice.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>tableau
<Content>You can't go wrong with Hotel del Sol We loved this hotel. It has a lot of character, the staff were very helpful and friendly-- a very hospitable place. My kids were very welcome there, the breakfast was amazing, and they even have a generous spread of cheese, crackers, wine, etc on Friday afternoons. There are warm cookies for the kids every afternoon. We felt very welcome there. We stayed in a one bedroom suite which was very spacious with two large closets. I have two minor complaints-- the walls are very thin, and the mattress we had sagged a little. However, for the price (by San Francisco standards anyway), I think this hotel was great and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kssooner
<Content>Great for families arriving in SF by car Our family arrived via minivan for five days in SF. I booked a room here based on being able to have a two-room suite and the generally excellent reviews the hotel receives in guidebooks. We found during our stay at the Hotel Del Sol that it exceeded our high expectations in almost every way. The longer we were there, the better we liked it. Those downgrading the hotel either 1) expected it to be something it's not (i.e. a posh hotel, a place in the middle of walkable tourist areas, something w/rooms resembling a Hampton or Quality inn--it pretends to be none of these) or 2) need to use the forum to register some minor beef that most people absorb as part of the normal hassles of traveling, esp with a family. That said, here's our experience w/four people.The general feel of the hotel is really nice and, for a city, very safe. Instead of the courtyard making things seems overly noisy and familiar, which is what I expected, the grounds outside came to feel familiar and homey. Our children are not urban-savvy kids. It was nice to be in a city and not spend our time watching their backs, as we would have to do in any Union Square, or even Fisherman's Wharf, location. There were lots of European travelers staying here; I understand why: if you're arriving from another country, it's a very reassuring place and location in which to land.There are fabulous places to walk and eat either two blocks to the north or two to the south. There's also fast food (taco bell, the colonel's chicken) w/in a block. There's small grocery stores a block away and one of the city's best Safeways five blocks away. There's one of the best running routes I've ever been on right out the door toward the marina and the GG bridge (the SF marathon goes along the route). There's a park one block away. There's easy car access to the bridge, Golden Gate Park, and the rest of the city, if you're inclined to drive and park other places. I can't imagine a better location in which to stay, unless you need to walk out the door and be in the middle of everything. (Having lived in NYC, we likened staying here to the equivalent of getting a hotel on the upper-west-side of NYC, out of the throng of mid-town.)Plenty has been written about the rooms, the great breakfast (w/the consistently best breakfast coffee we've ever had) and other stuff, so I'll not add to that. Our only beef, room-wise, was terrible shower water pressure. Don't know if that was a city-pipe, hotel-pipe, or shower-head issue.All in all, I'd return to the HDS in a heartbeat, though would make my reservations as early as possible so I could claim just the configuration in a suite I wanted, as they are all laid out a bit differently.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dfctrip
<Content>Okay, Not Amazing We booked this hotel after reading all the super positive reviews here on TripAdvisor, and after viewing the hotel's own website...We were disappointed. The pros: Great location in the Marina District with great restaurants and the waterfront within short walking distance. We loved the Marina neighborhood and loved being away from the more touristed areas of the city. The hotel is perky, pretty and fun--on the outside. Good quality bagels and pastries and fresh bananas for breakfast. We did enjoy this morning meal.The cons: We had a room with 2 full beds (not 2 queens). Bedding was average, not the best comfort. Really, this hotel was only comfortable for the 2 nights we stayed there. The room was fairly small, the bathroom: very small. Also, the bathroom was in sorry shape, with rust evident and a worn, small shelf. No hand-held shower. Really, the bathroom reminded me of college apartment digs. Quirky and funky can be okay, but when I travel, I want to feel comfortable and clean in the bathroom.The front desk guys were young, and a bit cavalier to my taste. I mean, they were nice enough... There was just not a level of professionalism that let me feel I was in competent hands.Overall, this is a good choice for a quick visit...nothing to get too excited about. I traveled with my husband and young daughter. I don't know what all the fuss is regarding this being the best family choice in SanFran.I don't mean to be a nay-sayer...We simply didn't find this to be the outstanding place it is hyped as. Happy Travels!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>terriraven
<Content>Cow Hollow is a great area to stay Small 3-story old and nicely updated hotel. Colorful, quaint, relaxing. Great location for restaurants (Chestnut, Union), history, transportation, shopping (go straight up Fillmore).ROOM: #319 Jr. Suite. Fridge, Q bed-comfortable  comfy quilt, clean bathroom w/light in shower, sofa bed a little uncomfortable, roomy, 2 mod-sized closets, safe, tv, vcr. ELEVATOR: old and jumps at the end of the ride. POOL: nice, sunny, good temp, clean, 3ft-8ft, nice to have breakfast or snacks around. Tall palm trees w/lights-nice effect. PARKING: free! our Toyota 4-Runner fit. RESTAURANTS: must go to Chestnut, also a Walgreens. BUS: Muni-#30 goes to Ghiradelli Sq. If you stay on, it goes up Columbus (Italian district, City LIghts Bookstore), and continues up to Chinatown. Also goes near Baseball Park. Runners: will enjoy running around the area--very close to Crissy Field/Fort Mason/Exploratorium. Stayed Fri-Mon for marathon. BREAKFAST: OJ, coffee, doughnuts, bagels, pastries-the usual. Fri  Sat nights were noisy from people on the street until @ 2:30am. Had to keep window closed. Overall...yes, would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spike4Hand
<Content>Excellent Family Choice We stayed four nights at Hotel Del Sol during a 10-day California trip with my wife and two daughters - ages 7 and 8. We booked in advance into one of the two room suites, which worked perfectly for us and was well worth the few extra dollars. The beds (even the pull-out!!) were very comfortable, and the DVD player was a nice surprise. Only issue we had was a lack of closet space and a very tiny bathroom- but we coped with both just fine. We enjoyed the continental breakfast every morning, and were pleasantly surprised by the variety and quality of the food - especially for a complimentary breakfast. My daughters made there way into the pool a couple of times despite the eary June chilly days.The location was OK, a very safe neighborhood that doesn't feel too crowded. However, it did take a bit of patience on occasion to get a taxi or to catch the bus. Best bet is to call down to the front desk 5-10 minutes before you want to leave and have them call you a cab and it should be there waiting when you get down. We ate in one of the restaurants in the area, which was recommended as a casual family place by the front desk, but we were unimpressed. There were several places very close by that I would have loved to try, but didn't look great for kids.The free, convenient parking was a big plus. Several commented about the overflow lot. This was not a problem at all as it was just across the street. Overall, we will gladly stay here again if we make another family trip to San Francisco.  - Spike and Family  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BartleyT
<Content>Great choice! What a great hotel. First of all the staff was above average. The young man, George was absolutely wonderful. He helped us out tremendously. He knew where to go and where not to go. He made us feel like we were at home. The location is right off of Lombard Street/Hwy 101 which is a busy road but a taxi or car is easy to call and get around S.F. We had the family suite and the kids loved their own room and own beds. What a great theme. It had a real european feel to it. We had a great time at this hotel. Well worth the money.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RITravelFamily
<Content>Good value We just returned from our stay in San Francisco staying at The Hotel Del Sol for a week. The front desk people were so helpful and kind, the location was great (between lots of dining options on Chestnut and Union Streets) and we appreciated the ease of the Hotel Del Sol--not in the touristy Fisherman's Wharf area, etc. The bus system was confusing to us at first, but once we got the hang of it, we traveled all over the city. We also rented a car to get out of the city for a few day trips.Every night was quiet except for Saturday night when the bars got out (we were with our two year old and so had early bedtimes and rising times). We stayed in a small suite and we felt that it was a good value for the money. Unfortunately, the cribs they had were pack and plays which were too small for our child, but overall this was a good family place to stay. The front desk loaned us a few Sesame Street videos and books for a particularly fussy evening. Like other reviews mention, The Hotel Del Sol is really a glorified motel, but it feels clean, safe, quiet and accomodating. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>OHTrip
<Content>Nice staff but loud My family with children of nearly adult age spent one night here. The room was nice. The front desk clerk was helpful and polite. However, the walls are thin and we could hear way more than we wanted to.. Unattended children woke me up by knocking on our door,. I heard them say they had the wrong room. I felt there was a lack of privacy at this property.The courtyard is cute but looks more spacious in photos than it actually is. It is quirky that you drive your car into the courtyard for covered parking. The continental breakfast is nice, but look out for incoming cars as you are sitting at tables in the courtyard! Free parking is a perk and is the reason we stayed here the last night in SF. We paid quite a bit for what we got in return. Definitely not a good choice for light sleepers or the young -child-phobic.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>americabound
<Content>FUN, FRIENDLY and FABULOUS LOCATION We booked the 2 bedroom family room and a rollaway was arranged for us. We were travelling with three older teenage boys and there was plenty of room.A small kitchenette was useful although more utensils are needed.Rooms are bright and cheerful and spotlessly clean. The decor is lovely. There is a small pool and the lights in the trees add a special feel at night.The staff are extremely friendly and helpful.Breakfast is plentiful and you can have it in the sun by the pool.Buses are close by to all the places you may want to go.Like other reviewers we loved the location. A quick walk to Mel's Diner for my 'car mad' men was a dinner treat but there are many lovely little places to eat and to browse.Stay here and bus to wherever you need to go.We bought a 3 day MUNI pass which gives you unlimited bus and cable car rides and with it you can go just about anywhere.Thank you Hotel Del Sol..............a lovely experience.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ulfm
<Content>Great value - We will stay here next time in SF! We are a family of 4 from Sweden that made a trip from coast to coast. We had 4 days at this hotel in this wonderful town. Excellent nice personell, close to a busline that takes you to the heart of SF in 5 minutes. We do recommend this hotel, nice clean rooms. One day when we came back in the afternoon there was a barbecue by the pool. We thougt it was for some special company of people - It麓s for you they told us! Nice, even wine... at no extra charge.The Martensson family  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>daphneNewYorkCity
<Content>Nervous at first, but warmed up to Hotel Del Sol We booked our 5 day stay at Hotel Del Sol, based on the Frommer's Guide recommendation of it as one of the 'Most Family-Friendly Hotels' in SF  the generally good Tripadvisor reviews. When we first arrived, I was disappointed because it really is more 'motel' than 'hotel'. I was nervous that the thin walls  proximity to the street would make for noisy, sleepless nights. Not so! We never had a significant problem with noise(we did hear some foot traffic on the stairs in the morning, but we were usually awake by then, anyway) Hotel Del Sol is very clean and comfortable. Nice bedding and we loved those Aveda products! The staff was wonderful  very helpful. Also, appreciated the free parking. My kids loved: the milk  cookies in the afternoon(warm, chewy cookies), the hammock  the pool. We skipped the breakfasts, because there are so many great breakfast spots in the neighborhood  we'd rather drink cappuccino than regular coffee. I'm so glad we didn't stay in some tourist trap like Union Square or Fisherman's Wharf because I think you get a better sense of the city in a place like this. We loved the neighborhood, which is pretty laid back, but full of shopping  food options  walking distance to plenty of sites, like Crissy Field  Fisherman's Wharf(longish walk, but totally do-able) I'd definitely stay there again with my kids (but would opt for something more refined if it were just me  my husband).  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>h0lidaydave
<Content>good value/location Stayed for 4 days, family mini vacation with two children. We were looking for a safe, clean hotel on a budget.Location.easy to get to / from via transit. excellent restaurant choices nearby (I reccomend Amicis' for pasta and breadsticks). Felt safe whenever we went out in the area, after going by several other hotels in our travels that we had considered in other areas of the city we felt we made a good choice for location.Rooms.Stayed in a regular room for 2 days and upgraded to one bedroom for rest of stay, both rooms were clean and about what we expecteded for the money.Service.Excellent staff, very friendly and helpful. The breakfast and the milk and cookies in the evening were both great.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ssanders159
<Content>Great for Families I looked through several trip advisor results for hotels in San Francisco. I finally settled on the Hotel Del Sol. We got to the hotel about 30 min. early and our room was not ready which was fully understandable because we were early. They apologized and then upgraded us to a 1 bedroom suite for the inconvience. I was very suprised because we had arrived early and did not ask to be upgraded. What a way to start off the trip! Then when we got in our room there were treats for my 3 yr old and a complimentary trip to the aqaurium of the bay. Everyone was so nice and I will return anytime I go to the city again. Thank you to the staff at the hotel del sol....your customer service was wonderful. The rooms were clean and well stocked. I can not rave enough about this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Royzee
<Content>Not Cookie Cutter - Very Nice Free Breakfast - Good Value Good central location in the Marina District. Older Motel-type Hotel. Rooms are different, very clean and brightly colored. On a Sunday night there was very litte street traffic ( but always some -it's a city). In the AM in the lobby, there's a continental breakfast with juice , cereal, coffee, fruit and (surprisingly) top-of-the-line pastries. Free SF Chronicle too. Tiny outdoor pool; very friendly service. Because of it's unusual/funky decor, friendly staff and small size - even the other guests say, Hi - unusual in a city hotel.Price without taxes for a Sunday night was $139. You can't beat that price for a clean, medium-size hotel room in mid-town SF.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Amandamanx
<Content>Lovely Staff and Area Rooms Disappointing We booked this hotel based on previous reviews. Firstly, the main reason for booking this hotel was their bunk bed family suite rooms as our children are a girl and a boy ages 12 and 14 and too big for the usual pull out trundle beds, hence, it was great to find a hotel with such rooms. We had a few problems with our booking, when we arrived at the hotel we were advised that infact, these rooms no longer exist and the receptionist advised us that someone should have informed us of this at the time of booking (bearing in mind that we phoned up and booked three months previous and specifically asked for the bunk bed room, at the time we were actually at the hotel end Dec 2006 to Jan 3rd 2007 these rooms were still advertised on their web site). The staff at this hotel are faultless, infact, possibly the most friendly and helpful staff I have ever come across the reception staff are excellent as are the cleaning staff and the general porters. I do have to say though that overall I was disappointed with The Hotel Del Sol, I don't quite get the hype with this hotel, it quite literally is just a bog standard motel and not even as brightly coloured and outrageous as I had expected I guess. As previously mentioned the rooms are fairly noisy there is alot of traffic noise from late evening and early morning when you hear the buses and lorries, infact, we could hear so much outside noise that you would swear that your windows weren't properly shut! The motel is fairly compact and each part of the hotel is serviced by rear outside stairs, and there is a constant stream of guests and staff up and down the stairs at all hours, and also as previously mentioned, the noise from the heating/air conditioning from your neighbouring room will drive you crazy. The toilets at the hotel constantly blocked up so much so that we no longer went and asked for a plunger! we went to the broom cupboard and helped ourselves as the need for one was so frequent! When we finally checked out of the hotel the receptionist was kind enough to deduct a couple of dollars from our bill due to the inconvenience we had at not getting the bunk bed room which was a nice gesture. But I can honestly say that we will be in San Francisco again this year but we won't be staying at the Hotel Del Sol again, it just isn't value for money and for this money I expect a little more room comfort, space and quietness and above all a little undisturbed sleep!!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lasarre
<Content>Very Nice and helpful people Overall the hotel is everything that is written on these boards. The management and front desk people are wonderful. They will go out of their way to help you. They let us check in early and check out late. They helped us find open restaurants on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.It is within walking distance to many restaurants, shops, and interesting streets. We walked from here to Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach etc.The bus lines are right around the corner.The only con of this hotel are the paper thin walls. We actually heard the guy next door to us snoring. It really didn't bother us too much, but if you don't like noise this is probably not the place for you.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JohntheScot
<Content>Very comfortable beds; colourful and clean Great little hotel - a 50s motel that has been turned into a very pleasant hotel. The room was very clean and the bathroom ,although small was nicely decorated and also clean. Beds very comfortable and good aircon (if needed).The pool is not large but perfectly adeqhate for a refreshing dip after a long 10 hour flight from the UK!Breakfast was fresh pastries and bagels etc with coffee, juice and fresh fruit- eaten near the pool or back in rooms.Nice relaxed area and we walked to Fisherman's Wharf via a park and along the side of the bay - you can also take a bus from nearby.I certainly would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>jandmeg
<Content>Great for kids!! I recently traveled with my husband, 4 year old, 5 month old, and my mother. We stayed at the hotel's kids suite that includes a seperate room with a trundle bed and toys!!! It was great, especially for nap time. My mother was also able to stay in the room with my 4 year old, and we used a pack and play that the hotel provided for our 5 month old. I would suggest that you bring all your own linens for the pack and play. We also had the kitchenette, which was very small, but served its purpose. The breakfasts were great, and the staff very helpful. It was also great to have free parking...a real gem to find in SF!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travelnut123
<Content>Lovely, Hip Hotel in Great In-Town Neighborhood My husband, 12 year old son, and I visited San Francisco on a long weekend the first part of October. We stayed at the Hotel del Sol, based on reviews that I had read on TripAdvisor. Well, let me say, that the reviews were right on the money! We loved the Hotel del Sol, and highly recommend it! It is located in a GREAT, safe, in-town neighborhood that is close to everything, but far enough away from the noise and tourist traps. It is located in the Marina district, which is home to great shops and restaurants....all that you can easily walk to. We loved to explore the different streets with the neighborhood restaurants...plenty of outdoor cafes and coffee shops. It is in an upscale, residential neighborhood that was alot of fun. The hotel staff was young, very helpful, and friendly. They gave us lots of great recommendations for restaurants, etc. The rooms were done in bright colors, just like it shows on the website. I don't think you could get a better value for the money in that location. We took the city bus (a stop is located just 2 short blocks away) everywhere. It's easy to get around in San Francisco without a car! One thing we did that was awesome was.....rent bikes from Blazing Saddles Bikes and bike across the Golden Gate Bridge to Saulsalito! What a fun day we had! You can take the ferry right back across the bay to San Francisco. It's a beautiful boat ride across the bay. We will definately return!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Domi77
<Content>Wonderful hotel! Wow we loved this place! Super kid friendly, they loved it all especially the cookies and milk in the evenings. The rest of us loved the neighborhood, nice and quiet but still close to lots of great places to eat and shop. Union Street is two blocks away, the Marina district is a quick bus ride one way, North Beach the other way. Fisherman's wharf is pretty close, but not really worth it when you have so many other better places to see. W e loved just walking up and down the streets admiring the shops and houses. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>jalfrezi-crazy
<Content>Great Location, nice hotel We just got back from a ten day stay in San Francisco where we stayed at Hotel Del Sol and had a great time. The hotel isn't the most luxorious, but the rooms are really comfy and spotlessly clean and the staff were great. We were torn between staying near the touristy area of Fishermans Wharf and paying extra for the 'privilege' , or saving money by staying further out at H.D.S. After spending a couple of nights at H.D.S. and visiting Fishermans Wharf we were so happy we chose not to stay in the tourist area, it was so tacky and the restaurants we tried weren't that good, unless all you want to eat is chowder. Hotel Del Sol is in Cow Hollow and very close to Union St, which is a fantastic area full of small restaurants and bars mostly full of locals. Try and get to eat at least once at Beetelnut, be sure to make a reservation at least a day in advance as it's always packed and serves fabulous food. It's easy to get around with the public transport system so that wasn't a problem, a ten minute ride to Union Square and all the shopping. The breakfast is coffee, orange juice, cereal, bagels and pastries and you can eat out by the pool or take back to your room. On the whole I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fishwife
<Content>Great stay in a great neighborhood This is a cheerful and comfortable place to stay. Yes, it's basically an updated motor inn, but the bright colors, the comfortable bed, the lovely plantings, and the great location really make it a cut above your average motel. Our room had a HUGE closet where we could store our suitcases and hang all our clothes. The bathroom was fine -- the usual low-flow shower, but everything was very clean. The staff was extremely helpful about recomending local restaurants or giving directions. The thing we loved best about the Hotel Del Sol was its location -- great shopping, restaurants, and parks were a short walk away, but it's basically in a very nice residential area that's very quiet at night. Throw in the free parking, and I think it's hard to go wrong with this place.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>noordhuisfamily
<Content>loved the bright collors We had a very pleasant stay. All rooms (and the elevator) are painted in bright colors. The furniture fits right in. I loved the window blinds. They lent us a baby crib (no charge). The best thing: they had a lot of games for young kids and videos you could borrow. The kids are still talking about the Dora game they played there.The bathroom was small, and no ventilation. But clean. The bed was short, we鈥檙e tall people and our feet were sticking over the edge. The breakfast was very basic, not worth to write about. But the staff was very friendly and it was no problem to check in early when we came, and to get a late check out when we left.So overall, we can recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DrachirS
<Content>Nice hotel in good area Spent three nights here in JulyAlthough it's basically a motel done up, it's got a certain charm, particularly if you like your colours bright.The hotel is kid friendly. We enjoyed NOT being right in the center of SF - having some outdoor space and pool (even though it is on the small side and right by the road ).Our kids particularly liked the evening milk and cookies. Two months later they're still talking about them!Location is also good for the Exploratorium (which is fantastic for kids) the delights of Union St and Chestnut St and a short ride to the cable car / Fisherman's wharf.You could pay more and get a nicer room somewhere more central, but Hotel del Sol is a great value place to be based  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	3	1	

<Author>BulaBula1
<Content>We loved Hotel Del Sol We had a great stay at Hotel Del Sol. At first I was disappointed with the room, it was nicely decorated but the hotel is definitely a motor lodge. Issues with ventilation, noise, etc. But I soon became smitten with the friendly staff  special touches: aveda skin products, friday afternoon reggae barbecue, palm trees lit at night with hammocks below, world music being pumped into the elevator, each room named (ours was the young  the restless), the courtyard with swimming pool  small grassy area...and the free parking didn't hurt either! The best part of Hotel Del Sol is the location: right in the heart of the marina between Union  Chestnut Street. We were travelling with our 2 year old son and he had a ball: there is an excellent neighborhood park right nearby, and we took him in his stroller all around the Marina, Chrissy Field, Fishermans Wharf.I would definitely recommend Hotel Del Sol.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>CSCSCS
<Content>Loved this hotel What a great family hotel! We stayed 2 nights and loved it.Friendly staff, nicely redone property in cheerful colors, complimentary breakfast, VCRs and videos for the kids, parking included - all nice amenities.There's even a small outdoor pool. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>puma1.716v
<Content>Great....again!! Whils visiting San Fran for the second time, my partner and i used the Del Sol for the second time.It really is a great place to stay.As other posts have said its in a safe area with plenty of resaurants within a short walking distance.The parking is free, a big plus in SF, the breakfast is nothing to write home about but as i have pointed out a short walk puts pay to that. As some posts have also said that it is just a motor lodge, and yes it is, but it has a charm of its own and being a old fifties style motor court only adds to that. We used the hotels recommendation of eating at The Brazen Head. Strange name... but great food!!.We intend to go back in 07 and will be staying here again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ferrara
<Content>Smelly, Noisy and Cramped If you don't mind...Moldy and smelly rooms..we saw the mold growing behind the bed and had to buy air freshenersNo adequate closet space or storage for suitcases or clothes. There were no bureaus in the roomNot being able to open the bathroom door because of the toilet's locationNo place to hang wet towels for a familyHearing conversations and footsteps all night and early morning from the stairwell and adjoining roomsHaving to request blankets returned and enough towels for the family 'suite' every eveningEating rock hard pastry and bagels for breakfastParking across the street because the free parking on sight could only accomodate half the guests......Go right ahead and stay here.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>welshbelle
<Content>Wonderful location , great value This delightful hotel is one of those gems that we only found out about by using Trip Advisor.It is in a great location in the trendy Marina district. We felt rather smug when we saw other tourists paying through their noses to stay in the usual chain hotels in the Fishmen's Wharf area - we were where the trendy peole are and we were getting a great deal as well ! Our room was simple with bright soft furnishings but very clean. Our bathroom was perfectly adequate albeit a little small. Our children thought the milk and cookies at 7 a great idea even if they are teenagers and hadn't yet had supper !The continental breakfasts were fine - there are a limited number of tables around the pool and some guests did tend to hog them for longer than was appropriate either while waiting for other members of their party to surface or to simply sit at the table planning that days sightseeing. But that is a very minor gripe.The hotel is situated in a great area - there are plenty of nice bars and restaurants within a few blocks. We walked to Ghiardelli Square by day and back in the evening and felt completely safe throughout. From Little Italy and Chinatown there is a direct bus that goes right along Union Street to within a few blocks of the hotel which was very convenient..When we arrived we were in need of a laudry to get some clean clothes - the very pleasant and helpful front desk staff recommended a Chinese laundry close by that was wonderful.Don't expect fancy rooms and flash facilities but as a reasonably priced base from which to explore this wonderful city this hotel would be hard to beat. We arrived there from the over the top 5 star luxury of the Venetian Resort in Las Vegas and enjoyed our stay at the Hotel del Sol just as much.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chippings
<Content>Still maintaining its high standards This is a hot off the press review as we only left today! The hotel came as absolutely no surprise as it accurately reflected the high standards of the previous reviews. The only trouble with giving it rave reviews is that more of you folk will visit and make future reservations difficult to get. Actually, we have already made them and that is recommendation enough for the Hotel Del Sol. An even more credible recomendation is that the 3 teenage kids thought it was cool, how often do parents and kids agree about anything! Ok, stop procrastinating and book!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crashbpm
<Content>Loved it. Know what is important to you. Loved this hotel.It is a converted motor lodge right in the the thriving marina district. The small rooms have been re-done in bright colors. Open the windows on a great breeze flows in. The nieghborhood is great -- full of beautiful buildings and shops and AWAY from the main tourist locatiosn ( a plus for us). The pool is in shade all day, which didn't seem to bother the kids who splashed around in it all morning and evening.Good coffee and bagels in the morning (although why stay at the hotel for breakfast when so many great little places for eggs are right around the corner on Chestnust Street?) And in the evening, warm cookies and milk for families.We had a great sleep, nice time. Not much in terms of services but a GREAT FRIENDLY staff. What do they do to these guys? The happiest desk clerks ever. Good for families and chill couples.If you are uptight, stay away.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>paigec
<Content>Perfect for Families Two nights at the Hotel del Sol was an enjoyable experience for our entire family (mother, father, daughter-14, son -12). The hotel staff was exceptionally accomodating and friendly. After the first night we requested to move to the 2nd floor due to the frolic of a 3 year old overhead, and were met with zero friction. The rooms are average size, brightly decorated and clean. The grounds have a fun, sunny feel to them. The pool is a nice bonus. We did not waste time lying around it but my son did enjoy swimming while my daughter and I walked to nearby shops. My family did give me an A+ on location. Although it is not central, it is in the trendy Marina Distict., a local that is chocked full of fantiastic neighborhood restaurants and bars. We love this feel so much more than tourist traps. If you go BE SURE to have a meal (or two) at The Grove corner of Chestnut and hmmmm...I forget., but believe me it is worth any research- Any local would know. Another favorite was Andele (same street as The Grove) Mexican Cantina. I do feel like the Hotel del Sol is a definate find!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cdef
<Content>Golden Gate Greeter program a real winner with Hotel De Sol I had looked at trip advisor reviews prior to booking Hotel De Sol and booked directly through the hotel. The hotel was great, not flash, but very comfortable and offered everything my family of 5 needed to make our stay comfortable.The union street shops up the road had some lovely restuarants to eat at, and the bus was only a block away , which made travelling easy. Free parking for our car was a bonus, as was breakfast, as looking for a place to eat with 3 children is not fun early in the morning.The offer of a guded tour by a local through the Golden Gate Greeter program was the main reason I chose this chain of hotels and I am so please we took the opportunity. Our greeter, Bob, was a lovely person who gave frrely of his time and knowledge about San Franscisco. It was great having a local's insite into the city and having someone take us to the sites made it so much easier to get to them without the aggravation of finding our way around unfamiliar territory.I would highly recommend the hotel for htose that are happy to be a liitle out of 'downtown' and the Golden Gate Greeter is a must for any tourist! I only wish they were available in more places!Donna  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>skigirlSanFrancisco
<Content>Great with kids I took my 9 year old niece for a weekend in San Francisco and stayed at the Hotel del Sol. She had a fantastic time. They accomodated all her needs. She got to check out videos, books and games from their closet at the front desk. Her favorite part was the chocolate chip cookies in the afternoon. We hung out on the hammock and at the pool. I live nearby so I had chance to see my neighborhood as a visitor. It's a safe neighborhood with lots of amenties nearby and has a hotel with a good price. We will stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Del Sol is fantastic Wonderful experience. Hotel is located in the Marina district of San Francisco. The Del Sol is a renovated motor lodge that is not fancy, but extremely colorful, clean, quiet and charming. Also....inexpensive. My wife and I stayed there with another couple in a suite. We paid $170 for the night. The suite, although small, was comfortable and had a refridgerator. The pillow library is pretty, pretty, pretty cool. Samba [the clerk] was incredibly kind and helpful. The Marina district is trendy and walkable. Excellent restaurants are nearby. We ate dinner at Betelnut. Betelnut was .1 miles from the Del Sol according to Map Quest. The meal was brilliant and not that expensive. I will stay at the Del Sol every time I visit San Francisco in the future.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>netme
<Content>Great stay with the kids! Spent 3 nights with our 2 boys at the Del Sol in April. The room was nice and clean and had good storage with a separate closet. Bathroom was definitely tiny but very clean and functional, especially the shower. We enjoyed our stay at the Del Sol. The location is really great if you want to enjoy the upscale neighborhoods of Marina, Cow Hollow or Pacific Heights. There are many restaurants, bars, shops and playgrounds a short walk from the hotel. Being able to park the car for free in San Francisco is definitely a plus as most hotels charge $30 or more for parking. Breakfast was OK but don't expect too much. Same for service. No complaint overall, this is great value especially if you have a car and are travelling with children.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Loved It !!! We found this hotel on-line and stayed over a long weekend in late April 2006. From the first minute, I knew we had made a great choice! The hotel is located in the Mission District, which is full of great restaurants, coffee shops, and lots of small shops. 10 minutes away down Lombard is the Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park, and Lincoln Park (both parks offer good public golf courses) - Fisherman's Wharf is 10 minutes in the other direction. The entire staff was super-friendly and motivated to make sure we had everything we needed for our stay. The Family Suite we rented had TV in both rooms, a very good shower (no bath), and a very comfortable Queen bed in the bedroom - the only drawback was the pull-out sofa bed which was pretty uncomfortable for sleeping. The hotel is very family friendly and we would absolutely stay again on our next visit to San Francisco.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tiffnee
<Content>Very good hotel Stayed in a double double room at the Del Sol for 4 nights in April (2 adults and 2 children 11 and 13).The room and bathroom were very clean and tidy, the shower was good. There was a good walk-in wardrobe for storage and a safe. The beds were comfortable and the decor was groovy. The room was just a bit too small for 4 people and if your budget can stretch a suite or familly room would be worth it. It was also great to have a heated pool for the kids which was available to use from 8am to 10pm the kids did not need to be supervised and could seen from our bedroom window. The location was good, a 15-20 minute walk to Pier 39 or a $10 taxi ride for 4. There were restaurants near by and a post office just around the corner. If your lucky you could get parking within the court yard of the hotel, otherwise there is additional parking next to the hotel. You can walk along Lombard Street up a very steep hill to 'The Crookedest St' part and catch the cable cars (trolley) to the cable car museum and on to Union Square thus avoiding 30-60 minute queues at the terminus. It is worth getting a one day travel pass $11 per person which can be used on the cable cars, street cars and buses all day otherwise you pay as you get on an off. You can also get a 3 day pass.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jemangepdx2
<Content>A Very Nice        Bathroom, a bit small but perfectly fine  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average! We stayed for one night and it was just OK. If you are looking for an average motel then this will be fine, although it wasn't cheap. The room was fine, very colorful but the bathroom was TINY. Yes, the parking is free but the spaces are extremely small. There are a lot of other choices in San Francisco and a lot of better choices. Try the Best Western Tuscan Inn, we stayed there on our return trip and,(including the cost of parking) it worked out about the same price and was a lot nicer. The Hotel Del Sol is basic and average.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute but Basic Motel       clean, but still looks like a motel  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TVo
<Content>Location, location, location!! This is the best location to stay when visiting San Francisco. It's in between (2 blocks from both) Union Street and Chestnut Street with an abundance of shops, bars, and retaurants. It's located in a very safe residential neighborhood and gives the visitor a true taste of local living. You can easily visit all of the nearby attractions by walking or taking one of the many thousands of buses. This is not a great honeymoon hotel (the rooms are cute, but not elegant).  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lopo147
<Content>(Almost) Perfect Hidden Jewel This quirky, funky hotel was a great base for our week-long visit (Jan 15-21, 2006) to the city. Since it is actually a converted motel, parking is provided (at no addl. fee) to guests: a big plus in this city! Although the place is older (50s), it is well maintained. The decor is bright and airy. There are just over 50 rooms and I think that most of them overlook the courtyard (small pool, bistro tables, vending machines) Our room had two comfortable queen-size beds, a small table, two chairs, an entertainment center that held the TV and a VCR and had 4 small drawers, a large walk-in closet with a personal safe and a small bathroom (no bathtub.) There was an exposed ventilating fan above the shower stall. The fan was extremely dusty/grimy and looked like it had never been cleaned. The water pressure in the shower was the big disappointment to us. Honestly, it was so slight that it was difficult to rinse one's hair of the shampoo and conditioner. The heating/cooling unit ! is efficient and modern (although it was slightly loud.) One can see the daylight around the closed door of the room though since there are large gaps between the door and the frame. We were on the third floor; there were two staircases at either end of the floor. There is also an old, tiny elevator near the reception area. We were lucky to fit the two of us and our suitcases in the unit, and it moves slowly. We only used the elevator when we transported our luggage though. The staff is friendly and helpful. Although a continental breakfast is provided to all guests every morning, we wanted a full breakfast one day and one of the staff suggested a place within walking distance. It was great: good food, selection, portions, and prices!There were a couple of nights that were noisy (one can hear toilets flushing, doors closing, etc. on a regular basis but those noises fade into the background once you get used to them) because of some rowdy folks but, overall, the noise is ge! nerally contained. There are signs posted around the hotel that request that folks keep the noise down during the night. The location-in the marina section of SF-was convenient to shops, Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf, public transportation, etc. This place is not the lap of luxury but it is wicked comfortable and very reasonably priced. I would return to the Hotel Del Sol if the price was right again (although I'd worry about rinsing my hair . . . )  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>drainwater
<Content>Great Family Hotel We chose the Hotel del Sol because it was rated as the #1 family hotel in SF in a book we picked up @ BN. Although it was not perfect, the positives far outweighed the negatives.Negatives first. We stayed for a week in the family suite. There was no dresser to place our clothes, and the closet was tiny. So our clothes stayed in the suitcases. Second, they need a TV in the kid's room (the 5 of us fought over the only one located in the main room). Finally, they only had a shower in the bathroom...no tub. This made it difficult to keep our toddler clean, since he's used to baths and did NOT like the shower. All in all, no big deals with the negatives. Just suggestions for improvement.The del Sol is in a great location. We were there a week and never once used our car. The Exploratorium is an easy walk in one direction (northwest I think) and Fisherman's Wharf is an easy walk the other direction. There is a GREAT playground about 200 yards from the hotel. The area is safe and the people are friendly. If you need to go farther or just don't like to walk, the #30 bus, which has a stop about 50 yards from the hotel, goes just about everywhere in the city. Purchase the citypass (we did online before making the trip) and you can ride all the buses, trolleys, cable cars, etc. free for 7 days. SF is an incredible city, and the del Sol is a wonderful place to stay to enjoy it. We plan on many more visits in the future.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, well-run, and pleasant I originally selected the Hotel Del Sol the first time because it was only two blocks from my son's apartment, but I came back to it again because I had loved my first stay so much. Everyone, from managers to cleaning staff is genuinely friendly and interested in making my stay pleasant. The rooms are comfortable and clean, the courtyard with its plantings, swimming pool and tables is a real oasis. The morning brunch is great. You'll love it whether you are staying by yourself or with children.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Del Sol -- A home Away from Home If you are looking for a hip hotel that understands and values customer service...then you have found your spot! The location is fabulous, a quick cab ride to anyplace in the city. We found the staff to be friendly, funny, and more than helpful. All of our needs were met with a smile.We will be back with more friends to enjoy this property -- just walking distance to some of the best boutique shopping in the city and excellent restaurants. Join the experience rewards club -- you will get discounts for your next stay!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family-friendly and Fun too Our family - my husband and I and our 3 kids aged 13, 10  7 - had a great time. The kids adored the hammocks and as we were treated to balmy autumn weather, they got to swim each afternoon in the pool. After a pricey and trying time in a downtown hotel, we loved the casual ambience at the del Sol, from the swaying palm trees clad in colored lights to the striped curtains draping the courtyard car parks. (Parking was free).Breakfast was good - bagels, coffee and juice; the staff friendly; and the cleaning team were thorough and polite. Even the cleaners smiled!Nearby, we could walk to Union or Lombard Streets (great restaurants and shops), Fisherman's Wharf, Chrissy Fields and the Exploratorium.We didn't spend a lot of time in our room - too busy exploring - but the beds were comfy, the shower hot, the floors clean, and if it got a tad noisy, we could always shut the window! Loved it! Couldn't recommend it highly enough. We'll be back and we're telling all our friends about it.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mauijunkie
<Content>Funky, cute! My husband and I were just going to be in SF for 1 night on our way to a wedding so we just wanted something inexpensive. What a bargain! I got a room at one of the funkiest hotels I have ever seen. The color scheme is great, room was cozy. It was a little noisy since we were next to the stairs and on the street but who cares! The pool/courtyard was great. The free breakfast was decent. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. He pointed us to a great restaurant only a couple of blocks away. And have I mentioned that they have free parking. My Silverado wouldn't fit in the on site parking but they have a free lot across the street. We are definitely staying here on our next trip to SF.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>orangetime
<Content>Wonderful Place! I was incredibly impressed with this motel. The most comfortable bed I've ever slept on (manager even sent me the name of the company so I can buy one myself), fantastic colors, palms and bamboo, huge hammocks, aveda toiletries, handmade soaps, large walk-in closet, great desk area, a comfortable sitting area, nice art, terrific bathroom. No issue at all to get an extra (comfy) rollaway for our toddler. The cleaning team was the absolute best, adding more aveda daily and even folding our toddlers' blankie up with his bear on top. In fact, the entire staff was impressive. The cabana parking lot was terrific. Loved the view down from the balcony. and great coffee there all day. They gave our toddler a beach ball and sunglasses for the pool - he loved this place too, as did my husband. Cow Hollow is a beautiful residential urban neighborhood where we could walk to everything.Anything bad, anything?...ok, if only the muffins were homemade. That's about it.Honestly, I loved this place so much that I think every hotel owner/manager should be required to stay here every once in a while to understand how excellent a renovation can be and the value of an excellent staff.Before going to SF, it was a toss-up btwn here and Castle Inn, and I'm so glad we chose Hotel Del Sol. Just fantastic. They earned lifetime customers out of us, and I have a hard time imagining someone who wouldn't like this hotel. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelwblondie
<Content>WE LOVED THE Del Sol!! Husband and I just spent 3/wonderful nights in San Fran at a great little find of a motel - the Hotel del Sol....this place is the best kept secret in San Fran! This is not a big fancy hotel, with big lobby, doorman and all that fancy overpriced stuff. This is an adorable colorful hotel I believe from the 1950's or 60's that was remodeled and the end result is simply breathtaking! You feel like you walked onto the set of Miami Vice in the tropics. So colorful, great hot colors of pinks, blues, yellows, pastel. Wonderful painted elevator, beautiful colorful tiled courtyard with beautiful trees, hammocks, fun heated pool. The rooms are very large, clean and again so bright and cheerful. Wicker furniture, soft down comforters and pillows. A walk-in closet with safe, great clean bathroom with good selection of shampoos and soaps. PLUS real ART and great photographs hanging on the walls. Also a vcr for your to rent any videos free of charge from the main lobby. All the rooms have great colorful tiles on the doors with the room numbers - so artsy and very colorful. Great little fruit treets on each of the floors outside the room. This place is so pretty - and just very special. The staff was wonderful and will do anything to make your trip worthwhile. The best is the FREE PARKING which is a miracle for San Fran. Wonderful breakfast in the morning too. Lot's of bagels, cheeses, jams, eggs, juices and coffee and the set-up is just very beautiful. Someone at this hotel must be an artist or someone very creative. Just really nice special touches all over this hotel!! The neighborhood is very nice too. Some of the best restaurants were found just a block in either direction. This motel is close to Lombard Street with the crooked street. Also Union Street is just like 2/blocks up with great sights to see and wonderful shops! I have been all over the world and I have to say this was a pleasant surprise to find a tiny little place like this with so many personal touches to it. If you go to San Fran. you have to stay here. From the free parking, to the wonderful art, landscape grounds with the pretty twinkle lights at night, nice breakfast and beach-style rooms you just can't ask for anything more! When you drive a short distance down to Fishermans Wharf and you see all the overcrowded, high price hotels and motels all crammed in together it really makes this place feel like you are home. It is that good! Hope this helps. You will not be disappointed with the Hotel del Sol. It is that special!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gem of a place to stay Stayed here over a long weekend. Really loved the friendly vibe and colorful decor. The room was very clean except for a few stains on the carpet. Breakfast in the morning was fresh and simple-cakes, fruit, coldhard boiled eggs, toast  bagels, and juice and coffee. A great way to start the day. The neighborhood was very nice. Lots of shops and places to eat just a block away. The pepole at the front desk were very friendly and helpful. My only two problems were these: I made a reservation for my room online through the JDV Hospitality site-the hotel's parent company. When I checked in Hotel Del Sol had no record of my reservation. I was told they never received a confirmation fax from the website. Luckily I had printed my confirmation out and it was honored but I could not get the King room I originally booked-I was given a queen at a discounted rate. I recommend making reservations by phone. The other issue was noise. For the most part this hotel was very quiet-but when Friday and Saturday night rolled around it became very loud out on the streets and even in the hotel. It seems as though a lot of young people from just out of town get rooms here on the weekend to party at the local bars and clubs. It may be better to stay here Sunday-Thursday.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Acceptable hotel, a little noisy, but clean This hotel was cute for the most part. The front desk staff was very friendly. However the room we stayed at was really noisy! We could hear everyone go up and down the stairs. When the bars closed at 2am there was a ton of street noise! The beds were pretty uncomfortable. The comforter would slide off the bed easily. Overall the hotel room was very clean. Bonus points for having Aveda shampoo and conditoner! Off the street parking was also very nice as well. This hotel is very close to a lot of things to do!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful 'conversion' I really loved this hotel. Yes, it's a converted motor hotel, but the designers and staff have created an oasis of peaceful comfort in the Marina. They didn't overlook a single detail (lots of storage in the closets, free bottled water, high quality products, privacy blinds, wireless internet, comfortable living room, down comforter, comfortable bed). Everything was in place, rooms were beautiful, painted with fun colors, and exuded a home-away-from-home feeling.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay in a Great Hotel (Best Kept Secret in San Francisco) We have just returned from a week stay in San Francisco at the Hotel Del Sol in the Mariana District. Our son, who lives in the Marina, suggested it as great altenative to the chain hotels. What a great suggestion. A great value. great rooms, great service, great ambience, great location and great people serving you every day. The Hotel offered a continental breasakfast as part of your room rate. They offered a VCR and CD player in charming rooms. They also offered a Friday night cook out around a delightful pool with outdoor tables and umbrellas. What a great surpise at a reasonsable rate. The location reduced our need for transportation as well. Although we rented a car for a few day trips, basically we could have done without and used public transporation. We will request this Hotel evry time we visit San Francisco. Cannot say enough about the week stay at the Hotel Del Sol. It is a Smart Deal.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel but need to know that... If you check out the hotel's webpage, you should remember that this hotel is a converted motor lodge and therefore has that feel. There is no doorman, no bell hops, and anyone from the street can go up the stairs to the rooms. There is only one elevator and it is slow and tiny. Guests carry their own luggage up a flight of stairs (not recommended for seniors). If the parking at the hotel is full, you are required to park across the steet in an open, unsecured parking lot. Must also remember that the heating/AC system is right up close to your bed, so it could get extremely annoying to hear constant humming so close to you. There are strong positives however: very clean hotel, decor is lively and cheery, good bed and fluffy pillows. They have Aveda bath products, provide lots of towels, and clean sheets. Marina is fairly quiet and safe area so there is no huge problem with noise. The breakfast provided every morning is convenient, very casual and satisfactorily adequate. AND the staff is knowledgeable, helpful and very friendly, a joy!. Wouldn't take my parents there again, but would certainly take a bunch of friends for a weekend getaway.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great San Francisco Hotel We were a group of people running a Relay from Calistoga to Santa Cruz. Hotel Del Sol was great! We received plenty of towels, a microwave for our great meal, and a great comfy bed. Best, it was quiet, and wegot plenty of z's before we had to take off to run to Santa Cruz.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the friendly Hotel Del Sol After our trip from Carmel on a Friday afternoon, the 6 adult members and 2 babies in our family were treated to a barbeque with chicken, hot dogs, salsa, chips, wine and soda in the lovely garden surroundings of the Hotel Del Sol. What a gem of a hotel! The staff was friendly and accomodating to our needs, especially with the 2 9-month old babies. We have recommended Hotel Del Sol to all our friends. In fact, the Williamsons from Philadelphi, Pennsylvania wanted to stay at the Hotel Del Sol, based on our recommendations, but you were already fully booked.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They saved me money!! I have been staying at the Hotel del Sol for four years now and I love it! In addition to being conveniently located for my business needs, it is also very clean and very quiet. I love the hammocks in the courtyard, the little heated pool and the free breakfast offerings. The rooms are all painted in bright tropical colors and contain actual art on the walls (what a nice surprise that was!) But my kudos have to go to the staff who routinely go out of their way to assist you with any problems that you might have. Your choice from the personalized pillow menu delivered to your doorstep is only the beginning. My last trip, just this last month, was for pleasure. My trip involved a weekend in the city followed by a few days in Napa. I was talking to one of the staff members and lamenting that there did not appear to be any inexpensive way to do this when he came up with a plan involving the commuter ferry to Vallejo, followed by a city bus to Napa that ended up saving me over $60.00 in transportation costs! You can bet that I will return to the Hotel del Sol for many years to come.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Right Hotel, Right Location in SF My wife and I have been staying regularly at the Hotel Del Sol in San Francisco for a couple of years and find it to be exactly what we are looking for in terms of location (between Cow Hollow and The Marina), quiet, and free parking.It is not only within easy walking distance of some of the city's best shopping, e.g., all the shops along Chestnut and Union streets, but is extremely clean with all the amenities one usually needs at a reasonable price, an almost impossible combination in one of the nation's most expensive cities.The hotel is also within walking distance of dozens of top-ranked restaurants in safe neighborhoods as well as public transit stops on Lombard Street, only a block away. The simple breakfast is all we need so we can spend all the rest of the calories on lunch and dinner.The guests seem to come from a diverse, international population and the set-up appears kid-friendly with a small pool for those unusual days when the temperature rises above 70 degrees.Did I mention the free parking?  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love Del Sol Hotel del Sol is perfect for my trips to San Francisco. It is clean, comfortable, (love the pillow menu) love the pool and the friendly and helpful staff. It is conveniently located, great access to transportation and the restaurants in the neighborhood are exceptional, and the shopping is pretty fabulous also.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unique, friendly, and clean! The Hotel Del Sol had such unique decor, making you really feel as if you're on vacation! (which is the idea, right?) When we arrived Friday evening, we were greeted with a happy-hour type barbeque of great chicken and wines ( hot dogs too). We were pleasantly surprised by how clean the facilities were, and the outdoor curtains hung all around really added a nice touch. If you like bright colors, you'll love the palette they've chosen, including the mosaic wall and countertop in the front office, and the number plaques on all the hotel room doors. Being a fan of Aveda products, I was surprised they had these as the in-room products, and especially liked that it was the Rosemary-Mint! The location was good - walking distance to Union St. shopping and also Lombard. We really enjoyed our stay, and would definitely go back there next time we're in S.F.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Great Service I look forward to my business trips to San Francisco and my stay at the Hotel Del Sol. The location of the hotel is in a friendly neighborhood with lots of choices for food and entertainment. Most of the local businesses attract a young professional group of people. Parking is free and available, which can be a problem in the city. Most of all you can expect friendly and helpful service from the staff. As a member of the Experience Rewards Club I am always offered the upgrade when available. This is a great place to stay for the frequent visitor. You can feel like a local. Say Hi to Frazier at the front desk while your there. He can handle any situation and make your stay comfortable.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Little Hotel Nice friendly little hotel in a great little neighborhood. Convenient to walk or take a cab to restaurants, shopping, etc. Very friendly reception and on-site personnel 24 hours a day. Will definitely return on my next visit to San Francisco in a few months.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet comfort in Cow Hollow Hotel del Sol fit the bill for us perfectly on a recent trip to San Francisco. The location in Cow Hollow, is quiet, in a very walkable neighborhood, and close to neighborhood restaurants, no driving necessary. Parking is FREE! That's a huge benefit in SF. My wife would return for the quality of soap and shampoo alone. I liked the fact that street noise was not a factor like places we've stayed in the past around Union Square for much more $. Rooms were big, beds were comfy, and the closet was huge, a plus since our son had his bike with him for a race the following morning. We all gave Hotel del Sol enthusiastic thumbs up.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Keep Coming Back! I LOVE this clean, economical, funky hotel in the Marina District! The property is cool, the neighborhood is fantastic (short cab ride to any attractions you can't walk to, but you can walk to plenty!). The front desk staff make the Del Sol the BEST choice. They'll set you up with all the info you could ever want, from practical needs like laundry and dry cleaning, to day trip ideas/restaurats/bars that aren't in the guide books. They all go above and beyond to ensure a great stay. Frasier, in particular, is knowledgeable,friendly and super helpful - he's always a star! I discovered the Del Sol over a year and a half ago, and have been back SEVEN times since then. I'll never stay at another hotel in SF. FREE PARKING - that's unheard of! My only advice for making a good stay even better is to bring earplugs if you'll be there on the wkend, but that's good advice no matter where you're staying.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dean22
<Content>Great Place This hotel is great place to stay. Parking is free and also have covered parking under hotel. The rooms were clean,very clean! Excellent staff that also went out of their way.Excellent location ,easy access and access to the transit system just 2blocks. Whether you have a car or not its a great place.Heated pool is nice and its a very quite location. Hope you enjoy your stay we will be back soon.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, staff  I had the pleasure of a 3 month stay in one of the suites at the Hotel Del Sol. The staff was great and knowledgeable of the area. The suites have a wonderful unique colorful style in addition to being spacious and relaxing. The hotel is located in the Marina/Cow Hollow section of San Francisco. This area has some of the best restaurants and bars in the city. While staying at the Hotel Del Sol please try Cafe Maritime on Lombard you will not be disappointed. I highly recommend the Hotel Del Sol.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Value My family (parents and 3 kids) stayed at the Hotel Del Sol for 5 nights during our recent trip to SF. The location is great ... Cow Hollow is near all the classic SF locations (Fisherman's Wharf, Presidio, the Cable Car rides, etc) but is in a much quiter area ... in addition there are a ton of resteraunt and shops in the immediate area. The hotel is very customer focused and does lots of things for the guests ... free breakfast ... free cookout on Friday night ... a bag of sport equipment the kids coule borrow (and even take to a local park). For the price a definite 5-star experience. We'll definitely stay at the Hotel Del Sol when we return to SF!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow- it's the Best! I stayed in July with my kids at the Hotel del Sol and we all loved it! We used to live in San Francisco, so we're pretty tough critics but this place is wonderful- the room, amenities, services, staff and of course, the location. We 've stayed in other Marina-area hotels but Hotel del Sol exceeds the standard. At the last minute I asked if we could come in a night early, and the staff said yes but that we'd have to stay in a standard room for that night before our family room booked earlier would be available. That was ok with me so imagine my delight to come in on Saturday afternoon to find that the staff made arrangements so that we could book into our family room that night and not need to change our room later. We could unpack and settle-in. The family room is a wonderful size. My teenage daughter and I shared the main bedroom and my teenage son had the kids' room. His only complaint is that the kids' room had no TV, radio, etc. It's designed for younger kids, but perhaps in the future it could be wired for cable with a TV available for the room in the event a older kid like my son uses the room as opposed to the toddler set. We loved the pillow menu, so that you can request a special type of pillow- what a unique and thoughtful service. The free on-site parking is a wonderful convenience, the complimentary continental breakfast is nice, the staff were great, etc. I can not say enough nice things about the Hotel del Sol. Based on our experience, I look forward to a return visit plus trying the other properties of this company.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Cool, Charming Hideaway w/Great Location We had but a few nights in SF and was recommended to stay here. Glad we did. It's a refurbished motorlodge but they did it right. Comfortable rooms, a heated pool, colorful decor, GREAT location. You can walk to Palace of Fine Arts, Science Museum, Fort Mason, Union Street, public transportation, etc. If you are seeking a little luxury with bellhops and room service, et al, at your call, this ain't it. But what it is, for the price, for its ease of getting around, and for comfort in a fun setting, is worth trying. High points for the front desk staff; they know how to get to everywhere, and be sure to get their customized visitor handouts. Free parking too - getting the car in and out is tight but most hotels charge for parking, so it's a plus no matter what.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>emk2005
<Content>Good family hotel We were in San Francisco as tourists for 3 nights at the Hotel Del Sol. You must accept it for what it is...an older motor inn given a fresh coat of paint. The paint is no longer so fresh, but the rooms are reasonably clean. It is a bargain for a family of 6 as we were...a two room suite (Queen bed plus a small bunk room), free breakfast (the same each day so we spiced it up with selections from local bakeries a short walk away) and a small pool. The location is great...in Cow Hollow just a short walk from trendy Union Street and a bit longer walk (but quite do-able) from Lombard Street, the Marina District, Fishermans Wharf and North Beach/Chinatown. Free parking is worth $20-30 in the city. It was in centrally located in the city but still fairly quiet at night and more of a neighborhood setting...they even loan (for free) videos of movies set in SF! One warning...SF in the summer can be quiet cool (60's) especially when the fog comes in and the wind blows (the only good view of the Golden Gate Bridge I had for 3 days in July was when driving over it!) so be prepared with a light jacket or fleece and long pants! The irony of the Hotel del Sol was that in July is was not very sunny there!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel Del Sol Hotel Del Sol was fun, bright, clean and cheery. The staf was extremely accomodating and professional. I loved the character of the decor, it was retro 50's modern amenities. I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Color us so happy My family(husband, self, daughters ages 18, 12)called at the last minute for a reservation. We had finished the exhilarating but exhausting process of registering our daughter at college and needed a room for the night, some TLC and food (we were starving by the time we arrived). As we checked in, already wowed by the calming oasis and the swaying hammocks, we sniffed something yummy and asked Where were the lovely smells coming from? hoping to book there for dinner. Imagine our delight when we were told, Oh we usually have a get together for guests and neighbors on Friday nights, please join us by the pool for a buffet. I COULD HAVE KISSED THE CLERK! We parked our car literally under our room (free and close parking a HUGE bonus in San Francisco) and went straight to the pool area where we feasted on bar-b-que chicken, hot dogs and trimmings, chips and salsa and wine. We felt beloved and fortunate and completely comfortable. We napped, went for a walk, and read in the hammocks. We even felt comfortable enough to let our girls go for a bit of a walk to Union Steet without us. The colors and atmosphere were at once soothing and vibrant. The staff made us feel welcome and the breakfast even included protein (boiled eggs) which is often lacking in such free breakfast buffets. I would recommend this place of color, warmth and convenience to anyone and we will definately be returning often. We would have liked wireless internet hook up in the room but it was accessible in the courtyard. Oh well, back to the hammocks!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place! This hotel was terrific! My family (2 adults, 2 boys - 15 and 12 year old) had the pleasure of staying 7 days and 8 nights here. The hotel decor was bright and colorful. The boys loved the hammocks in the courtyard, and the 12 year old enjoyed the pool with the complimentary pool toys. The location of the hotel worked out great for us. It is one block away from the bus line that took us right to Ghirardelli Square. The hotel staff were very helpful in our pursuit to navigate San Francisco, whether by bus, foot or by car. We new there was going to be a complimentary continental breakfast but it was a pleasant surprise to find out they have a buffet dinner in the courtyard on Fridays. This hotel also offers free covered parking (you don't find too much of anything free in San Francisco!). I would stay here again in an instant!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>momemilou
<Content>Fun, Fab Location, Attentive Staff, Free Park, cool decor we just returned from this hotel - after a conference went here for a one night to see the city. I had searched and searched and as an avid traveller as well as extreme bargain hunter I was very happy to find this hotel.This is a funky older hotel from the 1950's that a lovely (I am sure gay, not that there's anything wrong with that) group of folks totally rennovated. As to the room basics it follows the standard 50's motor court shape, with doors and windows facing a center courtyard, small pool, and parking underneath (FREE parking, as compared to some hotels that charge $20 to $40/night). The bathroom was very 50's, tile, small and shower. The rooms are 50's motor court size, which was fine for myself and child in two beds. Nice bright accents, paint and accessories have been added to give it a cute and modern feel without sacrificing its retro cool. Great art, furniture and bedding give it a warm, mod feel. Staff was exceptional - very friendly and helpful with directions, etc. And you even get a free continental breakfast - note there are no coffee makers in the room which is fine with the included breakfast. also lots of towels, upscale toiletries and a FREE video library featuring movies made in San Francisco. And the pool was heated but it was too cold outside to use. a bit about the neighborhood, this is an area called Cow Hollow that is a good area, and there are restaurants and a nice shopping area on Union street close by. Its a great urban spot with upscale folks and their associated local grocery stores, hamburger shops and yoga studios. Convenient to Fishermans wharf (do not walk, drive or take public transport) - close to the Marina district, golden gate bridge, crissy field, and the presidio and not far from north beach, chinatown and market street. thanks to the staff - perfect price, perfect spot. we will DEFINATELY be back. A bright spot in an area with vanilla accomodations  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chrisonthetown
<Content>Very Pleased! PROS: friendly staff, clean rooms, quaint setting, convenient location to Marina District's attractions(residential setting, cafes, lively corner bars, restaurants, etc.), 25 min walk through Fort Mason coastal park to Fisherman's Wharf, good parking.CONS: a bit expensive for the accommodations, but then again, this is San Francisco.Whenever I return to SFO, I will certainly book a room at Hotel Del Sol.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, but some minor concerns The room was painted in fun bright colors which our child loved and we found very cheerful. The location is excellent!!!! You are in a residential area with a mix of young families and seniors. This makes you feel really comfortable, safe and more like a temporary resident than a tourist. There is a fantastic playground nearby that we went to at the end of every day with our child after touring around the city. The bus stops are close by and very convenient. The staff was very friendly and accommodating for all requests. We went swimming every night in the small, but well kept pool and we were always provided with fresh towels. Note: We stayed here in August 2003 and it does get really chilly in the early eves (even in August), so when you get out of the pool, you will be cold! If swimming is a really important part of your family vacation, either do it during the warmest part of the day or look for another hotel with an indoor facility!! Requests for extra towels were never a problem which was quite nice. The room we had was on the second level and was quiet and clean. This is really a family oriented place, so if you don't like the occasional sound of children laughing, screaming, etc. don't stay here. I found that with lots of families present, the Del Sol usually became quiet by 10:00 p.m. The inner courtyard parking was great and we never had trouble getting a spot. You do have to lug your stuff upstairs because there is no elevator, but unless you have health issues, this shouldn't be a problem for most people. Also, the parking is FREE!!!! There are also many carryout type restaurants in the area which we used almost every night, as our child is not a patient restaurant patron. These were not typical fast food type chains though, but healthy, fresh, inventive places, so if you don't enjoy shrimp tacos, grilled pear salads, etc. and you are looking for a Big Mac - simply don't stay in San Francisco at all or at least not in this area -although you can get diner fare at Mel's Diner which is close by if that is your preference. Ok, now for some minor complaints: The bathroom we had was small with a shower only and a pedestal sink. If you enjoy having a somewhat larger vanity to spread your makeup, etc. out on this will be an annoyance if you are staying for more than a few days. There were also no robe hooks, which may seem minor, but was irritating and inconvenient; I almost wanted to locate a hardware store and install one myself. I also thought the large walk in type closet we had was somewhat smelly. The size of this closet was fantastic, but it definitely had a locker room, body odor type smell, so not all of our luggage ended up being stored in there. I also noticed that the free breakfasts we had on the weekends were much nicer than the ones during the week. There were fresh pastries and fruits, etc. on weekends, but during the week it was prepackaged grocery store muffins and limited bruised looking fruit. It would have been nice to have the extras every day of the week, but then again it was free, so ... They also didn't have some of the freebies advertised for the kids when we first arrived and when they did finally get the beach ball that was promised - (the size of a large grapefruit) it was underwhelming. Overall this was a good experience for a family type hotel. I would probably check for something else for future trips with a bigger bathroom and a less smelly closet situation, but I doubt if I could find a better price or location than the Del Sol.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, relaxed, with personality The hotel is very clean and nicely decorated with vibrant colours.The people who work there are personable and really, truly helpful. They have even created their own guides of San Fran (e.g. dinning, secret spots, rainy days). Location is good and it has free parking which is rare in San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in the neighborhood This hotel is quite basic. It does, however, have a pool (a rarity in SF boutique hotels), which I didn't use because it's cold in SF. This hotel is above average because it's in a wonderful neighborhood that is very safe as well as chic. It's clean and colorful. It's as good as you're going to get in this neighborhood. For some weird reason, the nicest neighborhoods in SF do not have luxury hotels, but this hotel met my needs; it was quiet, clean, and they give out great city guides for everything you need to know; restaurants, cheap eats, coffee houses, good breakfast, nightclubs, it's all the stuff they dont include in tourist books and you can't beat the price!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyMeToTheMoon
<Content>We'll Be Back We only spent 1 night at Hotel Del Sol. The neighborhood is residental but only a short walk to shops and restaurants and very close to buses. It's a very nice area. It's a renovated motel, and it's very colorful and bright and cheery. Our room was located in the stairwell and facing the street, so it was noisy at times. Not during the night, however, so we slept just fine. Our room was on the small size, but completely fine. Decoration was colorful but tired. Showerhead was faulty and sprayed water all over bathroom, and drain was clogged. Fun, handmade soaps and nice Aveda products in bathroom. Parking is on site and free. Overall, a good hotel which we would definitely return to. If you're looking for luxury accomodations, this is not the place, but it is clean and safe and convenient, at a great rate.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location First time to SF - wife and I celebrated our 10 year anniversary. What a location - rented a bike that was literally a 2 minute walk from Hotel. Hotel is located in the Marina district - a swank local hangout. Can walk to Pacific Heights area (although uphill). Great Restaurants on Union Street (2 blocks South). Hotel was great, staff very helpful. If you like to spend a lot of time at your hotel, probably not the place. However, if you are active, like a great location, like to walk, and love cozy restaurants and bars - this is the place! Have a drink at Eastside West and be sure to get reservations at Betelnut. Can't go wrong.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisbroughton
<Content>A gem of a motel We stayed at the Del Sol in August 2004,having read a really glowing review in the UK's Daily Telegraph.We were not disappointed.Its a great little motel in an excellent location with very friendly and helpful staff.The rooms are relatively basic,although clean,spacious with quirky decor.The free and substantial parking facilities are a real benefit,yet the location of the motel means that most of San Francisco's main spots such as Union Square,Fishermans Wharf are easily accessible on foot.....even taking into account the hills.We would thoroughly recommend the Del Sol.Its not posh,but represents great value.In fact,considering its San Francisco location,a little gem of a place and offering much better value and character than the chain establishments on or near Fishermans Wharf,where we have stayed before.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bubbles0565
<Content>A Fun Colorful Atmosphere Hotel Del Sol is a fun, relaxing, colorful place. You're surrounded with bright tropical colors and hammocks attached to palm trees await you. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. The staff is very friendly, knowledgable, and always greet you with a smile. The location is great, it's away from the busy part of SF, yet close to great shopping on Union, the Palace of Fine Arts, and the Marina. I strongly recommend Hotel Del Sol to everyone, including families.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool Rooms and a Groovy Staff Great room, fun decor! Excellent location. Kid friendly! Enjoyed waking up to hot coffee and danish each morning.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good location, but...   showReview(1884770, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad,could do better   showReview(1810225, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs some TLC   showReview(1776640, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good atmosphere, room kind of needs help   showReview(1713761, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel Del Sol...!   showReview(1257320, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value   showReview(1117942, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal and location   showReview(1037524, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A highlight of a very long trip   showReview(1024734, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Experience   showReview(908535, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>amazing bargain   showReview(566492, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel in ottima zona tranquilla   showReview(20550774, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel da tener presente   showReview(20550773, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>s'inscript dans le fun du way of living in San Francisco   showReview(20550776, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>chambre trop petite pour 4 personnes   showReview(19640959, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien ; je le recommande sans aucune reserve   showReview(19640958, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fredtravel92
<Content>Une tr猫s bonne adresse pour des familles   showReview(19547066, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bien plac茅   showReview(19640954, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel agr茅able, propre pour un s茅jour en toute simplicit茅   showReview(19640953, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅coration ensoleill茅e pour un petit h么tel sympa   showReview(19640951, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit gern wieder.   showReview(19640955, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehenswertes familiengeeignetes Mittelklassehotel   showReview(18531111, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bruyant du fait des autres r茅sidents (planchers en bois et insonorisation modeste   showReview(18531113, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel tr猫s joli et bien d茅cor茅   showReview(18531112, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel plein de charme   showReview(18531110, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thunderbird78
<Content>Wirklich sehr sehr sch枚n!!   showReview(17340030, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>phrenou
<Content>Plutot Decu....   showReview(15632448, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>freundlich, sauber und gut ausgestattet   showReview(15564202, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(14734332, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 conseiller   showReview(14734331, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good stay if you want to save money   showReview(13983748, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Ausgangspunkt, jederzeit wieder   showReview(13983747, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nat65
<Content>superbe h么tel   showReview(13550486, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11659842, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fabym
<Content>Tr猫s d茅莽ue   showReview(8687687, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prima Adresse in SF   showReview(11440213, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Mittelklassehotel   showReview(11440212, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel tr猫s color茅, tr猫s agr茅able 脿 vivre et id茅alement situ茅   showReview(11391650, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11368585, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>absolut ok   showReview(11354758, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel hotel, bien situe   showReview(11354757, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel aer茅   showReview(11354756, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un petit bijoux   showReview(11336919, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

