<Author>Cruisin63
<Content>My new favorite in Waikiki We stayed at the Ohana Waikiki Beachcomber (over the Macy'sDept Store) from October 2nd through the 5th, prior to ourCarnival cruise. Our friends preceeded us by 2 weeks (wish Icould have afforded that) Anyway, it was all in all an absolutelywonderful stay. The people were helpful and curteous at alltimes. When our wheelchair broke (my husband is disabled) they sent their maintenance man up to our room to fix it. We hadasked for a handicapped room, but they were still in the processof renovating the hotel, and none were available. The pool wasclosed for renovation as well, but the beach was a stone's throwaway, (right in front of the pink hotel/Royal Hawaiian, which was directly across the street) so it wasn't needed. If we had wanted to go swimming ina fresh water pool, we were invited to simply walk across theInternational marketplace to their sister hotel, the Ohana Eastand use their pool. The rooms were wonderful, newly decoratedwith nice amenities, and the beds were very, very comfortable with pillow top mattresses. .There were ample towels, and they restocked our coffee daily.Since their restaurant was also closed, they offered a continentalbreakfast in their lobby, which consisted of coffee, juice andsweet danish or doughnuts. All construction was due to becompleted by November, but there was never any noticeablenoise from that which was going on during our stay. There was a plethora of reasonable restaurants around thehotel proper, and we went online before our trip and investedin a Hawaii Entertainment book. It was less than half price,as we waited until Sept. to order it, and it was up in November.There were coupons for Luaus, restaurants, museums, etc. and it more than paid for itself. When we left, we gave it to our roomattendant to use, which was greatly appreciated. We did theSea Life Park Luau, and it was o.k. but I wouldn't advise it. You would be better off at either Germaines or the Polynesian Cove luau. It was a wonderful trip filled with many memories, and Ican't wait to go back for the 4th time!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GRAMGIRL
<Content>Wouldn't stay anywhere else! Booked 6 nights the week of Thanksgiving.Everything was perfect from day 1. No noise at all. Hotel is BEAUTIFULL. Everyone was very nice and helpful.The price I was quoted was the price I paid when checking out. I booked the shop around package and it was great.We spent every penny of it in the Coco Cove store. Everything you need is just up the street.Didn't matter that the pool wasn't ready, the grandkids wanted to stay at the beach. Trying to get friends to go now.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>labradorheat
<Content>Like being back home       Panaroma of the room  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>pointyendpreferred
<Content>Can't wait to go back! I was impressed by the fact that the hotel tells you on it's website exactly what the state of play is regarding it's renovations. I have previously arrived at other hotels worldwide to find major renovations in progress with no prior warning.Having said that, they must be using rubber hammers!We were not at all inconvenienced by the renovations.We had a lovely brand new room. The room was large and functional and we enjoyed our stay immensely. The Reception staff were very friendly and helpful. Checking in early was no drama and we look forward to a return visit soon.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>markh1963
<Content>Loved the Beachcomber!!       The doors slide open to the balcony  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>an637ita
<Content>Great hotel despite renovations My boyfriend and I just got back from a 5 night stay at the Ohana Waikiki Beachcomber and had a great time. I was a little worried since I knew they were undergoing renovations but it didn't bother us at all. We got to the hotel about 2 hours before check in but our room was ready and were able to go right up. I was surprised to see that we had a partial ocean view since I had reserved a standard. The rooms have been completely remodeled and look just like they do on their website. Theres a small refrigerator so you can buy snacks and juice and keep them cold. Unfortunately, there is no microwave. I love the granite in the bathroom, I just wished there were some drawers in there. Our bathtub got clogged one day but they came right up to fix it. The front desk was very courteous and helpful. I reserved our airport shuttle through them for $9. I also liked the the hotel had pastries and coffee in the morning since we could stop by for a quick bite before heading out for the day.Since there is construction going on, the pool area closed. However, we were able to use the pool at the Ohana East or West. We decided to go to the Ohana West since they have a bar area with $3 happy hour drinks. It was about a 5 minute walk. Also, the lobby exit on to Kalakaua ave was closed so you exit onto Dukes Ave. and are about 20 steps away from the main street. The location of this hotel was great. We weren't ON the beach but we were right across the street, less than 5 minutes away. The International Market Place is next door and there are plenty of restaurants in either direction. Overall, if I went back to Oahu I would definitely stay here again. I'm sure the pool would be ready by then.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>StefandKyle
<Content>Much More Than Expected!       Body surfing at Waimea Bay with the locals  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Alliecow
<Content>Great location!! A large group of us headed to Waikiki for a softball tournament and we selected the Beachcomber based on travel agent recommendations. We really loved the location and updated rooms. Some of our friends were at the Ohana Waikiki West and checked out after three hours because it was old and not up to date -- we did not have that problem. Yes, they are remodeling the lobby so there is no restaurant right now, but with all the places in walking distance, it was not an issue. I would recommend the hotel to others since it's close to everything and in the middle of Waikiki. If you want quiet, then Waikiki is not the place for you but if you want a hotel in the middle of all the great food, shopping and one block from the beach with great ocean views, then pick the Beachcomber  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>AllforFlorida
<Content>Loud, Lacking in many areas...AVOID Let me start with the good: Waikiki, location location location. Although it is not located oceanfront it is across the street from the beach and conveniently located in downtown shopping district. Front desk staffs were extremely friendly and attentive to guests needs. Although the parking garage is usually packed by non-hotel guests the contracted parking attendants are attentive to ensuring that all vehicles are parked. Unfortunately for myself and the ten day stay there were way too many negatives. The elevators (four of them) were entirely insufficient for the volume of guests. Wait times for elevators exceeded 5 minutes throughout the day. To add to the already outrageous delays the hotel shuts down two of the elevators during their Polynesian Magic to allow access and from the lobby to the street level. The physical building itself is under construction and the sound of jackhammers and constant construction takes away from the Hawaiian relaxed feeling. At night the noise continues as the Bar located in the international village thumps its music into the wee morning hours. Don鈥檛 let their advertisement of broadband and wireless internet fool you. Their internet is normally not working or inadequate for email. If you鈥檙e looking for a relaxing hotel in Waikiki avoid this one.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	4	1	

<Author>greatnorth42
<Content>Never stay here again I really expected more from this hotel. The Good:The rooms are nicely appointed. The TV is nice (though channel selection is poor, but who needs TV in Hawaii?), the bed is very comfortable, and the amenities are good (7 out of 10). The hotel staff were always polite.The Bad:There is no sound proofing between rooms with common doors, so you get to hear EVERYTHING that goes on next door. The sliding glass door to your deck may as well not be there, for all the good it does at preventing sound transmission from the VERY busy road outside. Don't even consider sleeping in because the constant construction outside, you will hear every bit of it. The hotel was undergoing a renovation in the lobby area which significantly impacted quality of life. The lobby amenities (shops and mini mart) were unavailable and you were constantly walking through a construction zone. This hotel has a theater that hosts a magic show which draws a significant number of people. Due to the severe lack of elevator capacity (only four elevators, and they are slow) you will have to spend a considerable amount of time waiting for transportation to your room. If the magic show is getting out or about to start, two of the elevators are given over exclusively to those guests and you, as a hotel guest, will have to wait even longer and crowed into an even more crowded elevator to get to your room. The consistent elevator battle was perhaps the most frustrating aspect of staying at this hotel.The hotel staff, while polite, seemed leaderless and clueless as to what they were doing. They never went out of their way to engage the guests or even help the guests when a guest looked like they needed assistance. You have to initiate interaction with them to get anything from them.Getting to this hotel via car and out of the hotel via car is an exercise in frustration as you have to cross a very busy sidewalk and drive down a very busy alley to get to/from the parking garage. Though you pay $18 a day for parking, there is no valet parking provided. Overall this experience was extremely underwhelming. I understand the need for the hotel to fill rooms to make money but they should have completed the majority of the renovation first. The renovation that they were in the middle of doing significantly impacted my ability to enjoy my time at the hotel. The lack of elevator capacity was truly unforgivable and that problem will not be fixed with the renovations they are performing.This hotel is not relaxing at all. You are treated like you are a secondary concern to the magic show. I will never stay here again. For the money, you can do much better.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>Lisa522
<Content>Great hotel  My husband and I were married in Hawaii and chose this hotel for its location  price (which actually seemed a little TOO cheap to us -- was $110 per night at the time). We were blown away at how lovely it was, what a prime location (directly across the street from the beach, and right nextdoor to the International Market). Hotel was very clean, service was very friendly and we had a balcony with a view of the city and partial of the beach. All in all, we couldn't have chosen better. Some of the other hotels in the area were fancier but a little on the snooty feel. This place just felt like Hawaii personified. They had Don Ho do a show at the hotel during our stay and the restaurant was lovely (outdoor setting). Food was excellent. There is also a shop for amenities within the hotel. We'd stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>NariK
<Content>Loved The Ohana Waikiki Beachcomber       Our View eating Breakfast at "DUKES"  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mimimorang
<Content>My new favourite Waikiki hotel Stayed at the Ohaha Waikiki Beachcomber for 3 nights. Booked the spring special rate of $129 online. Was interested in this hotel since we've seen it before and it's a great location right in the middle of the main strip. Check-in was friendly and efficient, it took less than 5 minutes. Renos still going on in the lobby and theatre.Room 411 was super comfortable, big and brand new. They did a good job with renovations. Decor is dark wood, marble with blue and greens taken from the new duvet covers. Matching hawaiin artwork. Flatscreen tv. View of Kalakaua Avenue and the pool. Thought it would be noisier facing the main street but it was fine even without earplugs. However, the chatty bellman who brought our bags to the room would not leave! I think he overstayed his welcome, he was there for almost 10 minutes trying to explain what he knew about the area, where to go and where to eat. I told him that I've been to waikiki about a dozen times and he still didn't get the hint. I had his tip in my hand! We didn't use him for our bags when we checked out although he offered.Suggestions: Would have been nice if there was a lounge or club chair in the room and perhaps an extra luggage rack. Extra towels and shampoo/conditioner would be good too in case you wanted to shower midday after the beach. No complaints. Perks at all ALL Ohana properties: free internet in the lobby if you have a laptop (plus free in-room internet at the Beachcomber), free rides on the pinkline trolley around Waikiki, complimentary newspaper. Standard fridge, in-room safe, good hairdryer, iron and board. Each phone call, local or long distance to US/Canada is free if call is less than 15 minutes....excellent perk.Loved the location! Near everything. One night waited 50 minutes for a table for dinner at Cheesecake factory across the street. Very convenient to come back to the room and watch tv for 30 minutes (instead of standing outside on the street the whole time) before heading back to wait 10 minutes more for the table. Food and drink portions are huge here...easily 3 times a normal sized portion. My husband and I shared a starter and one entree for dinner. Ate several times at California pizza kitchen, upstairs from Footlocker next door. Sometimes slow service but excellent food and good prices!!!! Never had to wait for a table. DO NOT eat at Atlantis Seafood across from California pizza. We were enticed by the free appy's coupon and decided to give it a try. Expensive and terrible. The food quality is very poor, no wonder it's never busy. They serve a surf and turf, supposedly a new york steak with half lobster or scallops for about $25...you get a minute steak and your food comes cold!!! We also had spaghetti and clams $20, food not hot enough and odd cream sauce. For such a great restaurant location, they really need to improve.Looking forward to staying at Beachcomber again this summer. Moved over to Ohana Malia on the next block (on Kuhio) for our last night, $99 rate. Friendly and proffessional staff. Stale old rooms, 70's decor, very dated and in need of and update. For the rate it was decent and clean...comfort wise, I preferred the Beachcomber. Liked the pay internet service in the lobby since we didn't bring our laptop. If you don't use up your paid minutes you can write down an access code and use the unused time later on. Dined at the IHOP next door, fast friendly service. Bus stop for Diamond Head was across the street and free trolley depot behind the hotel. Okay if you are on a budget or spend most of the time at the beach. We opted for late check out since our flight wasn't until 9pm. $10 per hour charge for each hour after the normal noon checkout time.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>touristCA
<Content>Renovated and Nice I stayed at the Ohana Waikiki Beachcomber during a short visit on family business. I was accompanied by my husband and 8 month old infant. The housekeeping staff were very accommodating when I requested crib bumpers. They didn't have any but a housekeeping staff member padded the whole crib down with blankets and taped them down for us. The room had a small problem with ants because the baby's formula attracted them, but once alerted to the issue, housekeeping took care of it right away. The rooms were newly renovated, clean and nice. We had a double room. It had a fridge and a new plasma t.v. and a small lanai. The hotel was in the midst of renovating the lobby and restaurant areas the day we checked out. I liked the location of this hotel, since it was close to the beach (across the street) and shopping. The parking garage was a challenge to park in (very dark and cramped), so it's best if you don't need a car and can use local transportation or the Pink trolley (free) to go to Ala Moana Shopping Center. I would stay here again because of the location.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>ReginaAloha
<Content>had a great time       right out to the main street !!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LetsGoAu
<Content>Great Place to Stay Our family experience at this hotel was very pleasant. We were there for 4 nights and the accommodations was excellent. The rooms were newly renovated, so it was clean. I am usually picky in where I stay, but I can honestly say that the overall the rooms were spacious enough for a family of four. They gave us a newspaper everyday. Towels were given everyday even though there was a sign to conserve towels, put them on the rack. They still gave us fresh towels.  They do have a parking lot that charges $18 a day and we were able to find a parking spot everytime we came back to the hotel. However, you don't need to drive if you are around Waikiki. Everything is walking distance or you can ride the trolley for free with your room key. The hotel is located central to Waikiki. Macys was just downstairs from the hotel. The International Marketplace was on the side of the hotel. Shopping was so easy to access. The beach was across the street. It was a great location! My family would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>patsman
<Content>Had a great time at Pro Bowl Great location, we were right there during the block party for the Pro Bowl, and that place cranks, if your going to Hawaii and you have the stamina for partying go during the Pro Bowl, stay at the O'Hana Beachcomber Waikiki, it's convenient, it's right there in the middle of all the action. For breakfast, lunch and dinner I would go elsewhere, the hotel is pretty expensive, and doesn't offer much. There are all the cool stores right there and real cool Footlocker across the street, Waikiki Beach is amazing, simply amazing. The Duke Kamanakuku statue has a live web cam, so you can call all your friends and show off where you are. The hotel was great, the staff was ... ok and nice, not real helpful but nice people, they all are. Like I said great location and had an awesome time, It was a Christmas gift from wife, my Anniversary, the Pro Bowl, Valantines Day, in Hawaii all rolled into one, Yeah Im fat and happy NOW!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>makamae04
<Content>it's...okay I booked three nights there because I heard it was recently renovated (I'm a sucker for newly renovated hotel rooms) and I also saw pictures via their website. It said they had marble floors and granite countertops and a 32 inch flat screen tv! So...yeah, those things were present, but you'd think if they made those changes, they'd maybe change the beds? or at LEAST the bedding! The bedspreads were the yucky thin old fasioned type and under that, was those blankets with the sheet...you know those old green army-looking blankets? only it was gold. Also I think it would've made it a little better if they changed the sliding door cover...I mean that curtains would look better than those old sliding venetian doors. Their whole renovation is a bit puzzling...it doesn't make sense...maybe the money spent on marble floors and granite countertops could've been used to upgrade more important things. I also asked for a king size bed and a low floor and got neither. Also, the bars on the balcony railing look far apart. If you have children, it makes you feel nervous even if you never open the sliding door. Needless to say I checked outta there A.S.A.P. I'd rather pay $30 more a night to feel absolutely comfortable. I don't like to spend money to sleep in a bed way crappier than my own.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>theresa162
<Content>Excellent Stay       Balcony View East  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cathyalby
<Content>Great! I won this trip through a radio station, and was very excited to travel to Hawaii for my first time. Upon arrival, I was told they did not have the ocean view room that I was promised and had just confirmed the day before. However, since they could not give the me the upgrade to a partial ocean view and just charge me the the standard room rate since I won the trip, they comped up through their buffet breakfast during our stay, and paid for our parking! We were more than happy with this compensation, and ended up getting our ocean view room anyway the next day! The rooms are outdated and a little crusty, but the location and service was great! Highly recommend if staying on a budget.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	2	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>ejremodeling
<Content>Wonderful Time and the Beachcomber is in a great spot in Waikiki       My husband by the patio  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BIGGDOGG
<Content>Who closes their pool at 6:00PM?? As you probably know, Honalulu is expensive. Since we were staying for 2 weeks, we decided we would stay just off the beach in order to save a little money. The hotel was nice, the staff was friendly and helpful, the amenities were as represented, BUT---We were traveling with another couple and had reserved adjoining ocean-view rooms with king beds but when we got to the rooms, one of them only had a queen bed. They did move us to other rooms so we could both have king beds, but we ended up with one couple on the 21st floor and the other on the 9th floor.Even though the hotel was only about a block from the beach, it felt more like downtown Indianapolis. There was an awful lot of big-city noise for the entire 2 weeks. Construction noise, sirens, traffic noise, ect. It certainly did'nt seem very beachy or tropical from our rooms. The view of the ocean was very limited and you couldnt hear the waves or people on the beach at all. We intended to do a little sight seeing, but spend lots of time at the pool / beach, but for some strange reason they closed the pool and hottub at 6:00PM every day!?! What's up with that??? The pool was on the 3rd floor and was always very noisey from the traffic on the street. The hottub was a personal size unit that stood on top of the pool deck and was built around with wood like many individuals would have at home. The location was great for walking to shopping, restaurants and attractions. If that is what you are going to Hawaii for then I think you would be well pleased with the Beachcomber. But if you are looking to relax by the water, it is worth the extra $ to stay someplace else. The bed was very good as was the other furnishings, but we could have used an easy chair. 2 hard wood dining type chairs were the only things in the room to set on besides the bed, I guess we were just expecting the wrong things from this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>azell2u
<Content>Not too bad My husband and I just returned from a wonderful trip to Hawaii. We stayed our first 5 nights at Beachcomber and it was nice. I had read other reviews before we left and was a little concerned. When we ckecked in the lobby was nice and the staff very friendly. The room was a standard hotel room with a mini fridge and a small balcony perfect for morning coffee. The shower/tub was small but served its purpose. It was very close to everything. Overall we had a pleasant stay. I would definately recomend it to couples that like to be a part of it all.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tanyatia
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Ohana Waikiki Beachcomber 28 December 2006 to 4th January 2007. This hotel is in a great location right next to the international market place  a 2 minute walk onto Waikiki Beach. We loved that it was straight across the road from The Cheesecake Factory  other awesome places to eat. We stayed in an Ocean View Room which looked straight down the main road of waikiki. The room was a decent size, very clean  tidy. Great choice of TV channels.The only couple of things that we were not happy with was that the bed was hard as a rock  it took forever to get up  down in the lifts at times. It was peak season though. It also doesn't have any room service or resturants. The cafe near the pool never seemed to be open  no bar. We are going back in October 07  won't book to stay here due to the limited facilities the hotel provides. Would be great for families but we will stay at a resort next time.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>mstnghu
<Content>Good Value...Great Location.       View From Our Balcony  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frisk
<Content>Good Hotel We stayed at the Waikiki Beachcomber from April 7 to 10. The rate was $169.00 per night. This was our third stay at this hotel. The hotel is in a prime location right across the street from the Pink Palace and just a short walk to the beach. We had an ocean view room looking at Diamond Head. One of the good things about staying here is the proximity to the market right next door. This time one of the bad things was the proximity to the market right next door. A new bar, Coconut Willey's, opend in the marketplace and the first night a band played until 1:30am. Very hard to sleep.In the morning my wife asked for another room and the hotel was most gracious in moving us to the other side of the hotel and the following nights were just fine.This hotel is very nice at letting you check out but come back and take a shower around dinner time if you are getting a plane late at night. Overall this is a good hotel for the price and I would recommend it.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>IAMNY
<Content>Great Location, Great Size               
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>gadgetz
<Content>Clean Rooms  I had two rooms at this hotel during the Pro Bowl (2/10-2/14). The rooms were very clean and the hotel staff was great...but that's about it. Parking is limited and the spaces are very small, so you may want to avoid anything larger than a SUV (Trailblazer, Explorer, Jeep etc..). Parking is $18 per day .The noise is a huge problem. My rooms were located on the 6th  7th floor (facing West). There are emergency stairwell doors next to rooms I had. People went in and out these doors 24 hours a day and the doors SLAM closed each and everytime. Also, the street noise is really bad on these floors as well...you hear people yelling, laughing, talking all hours of the day. There is a bar somehwere close by and every night between 2:30 and 3:30 am, they dump glass bottles into a metal trash bin. This goes on for 30 minutes or more. The trash truck comes by around 5:00 am daily and dumps 5-7 trash cans. The cafe in the hotel is average, but the employees are very friendly. The best part of the hotel is LOCATION. It's right in the middle of Waikiki and close walking distance to shopping, food, beach.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>trappedinmichigan
<Content>Loved the Beachcomber               More photos  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>aussiewahini
<Content>ANNUAL VISITOR After 5 trips to Oahu we decided to give the BeachComber a try and we were NOT disappointed. My friend and I shared a partial ocean view room and it was plenty big enough for the both of us single girls..ha ha . I am taking my mother and kids there again this year as it is right across the road from shopping and Waikiki beach, and directly above Macys and the International Market Place. Dont bother looking any further , this hotel is clean,friendly, on the main street, across from beach/shopping and has the best prices for its position. I go to Oahu from Australia every year and will not bother to look at any other hotel for whether im travelling with friends or with my children the BeachComber is Clean,Convenient and Prime Position. 5 Stars for me  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vinzeph
<Content>Centrally located in the middle of everything Stayed in the Waikiki Beachcomber in Feb 2006 in my first visit to Hawaii. You can't beat the location of this hotel as it is in the center of Waikiki. It is literally steps from the International Market, the beach, and countless eating establishments from fast food to excellent dining. The ground level of the hotel is a department store (Macy's) itself.Hotel staff are very courteous and polite. Very helpful as well in giving directions. I have no complains regarding the cleanliness of the hotel and hotel rooms are adequate in size.If you are looking for a nice, clean, centrally-located, and reasonably -priced hotel, then the Waikiki Beachcomber is for you.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Bellies
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel We have just spent 5 nights at the Ohana Waikiki Beachcomber. We loved this hotel, its so centrally located if you want to be in the heart of the shopping. Its right next door to the International Market Place, which is a great place to pick up souvenirs and has a great eatery with lots of Asian foods to choose from. The hotel is approx 5 mins walk to the beach and a 15 minute trolley ride to Aloa Moana Shopping Centre. The rooms are clean and in good condition. We stayed on the 18th floor and had a partial ocean view room. The rooms were quiet and we didnt hear noise from any other guests. The pool was clean, only small, but there was hardly anyone there on the days we used it. Rooms are air-conditioned and have a small fridge, hairdryer, cable Tv and inroom safe. Bathrooms are small, but who spends time in the bathroom when you are in Hawaii! Parking is available, but costs US $15.00 per day, which I thought was abit expensive, but there is a parking station in the next street which is cheaper. The in room safe costs US $3.50 per day to use, again I thought that was abit over priced. Overall we loved this hotel and would stay there again, the only thing I would do different is ask for a room on the Diamond Head side of the hotel, as we stayed on the other side and the garbage truck woke us up early most days as it came along the lane way.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AV8NDAD
<Content>Clean, basic hotel in Waikiki - but too expensive       The view 2  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HighNoon
<Content>Decent accomodations in a great location Our hotel room with a king size bed was average. We were on the second floor facing the Cheesecake Factory and did not have trouble with noise if we had the tv on. During our stay, we noticed the walls were very thin, as we could hear the couple next to us who had an unhappy baby in tow. This was not a problem, just something that we noticed. The second floor was nice however, if you wanted to get to your room quickly. The stairs and elevators were great since we were on the lowest floor. The rooms offer a mini fridge which was a nice ammenity for keeping our drinks cold. The bathroom was very tiny and included a shower in a miniture square tub. It had been cleaned, but the bathroom was well worn and both my husband and I hesitated using it. Shawn at the front desk was exceptional. He found out it was our honeymoon and my birthday and offered us an upgrade for the last night to a partial ocean view room. We declined since it was late and we were leaving the next day. He even let us look at the room. The rest of the staff was average, but he went out of his way. The location of this hotel is great. It's on Duke's Lane across from the Cheesecake Factory and above Macy's. It also is very close to the food court if you are looking for inexpensive dining. It also is just a few blocks from Waikiki beach and offers close beach accomodations without the beachfront property prices. We booked through Fairfield/RCI for ( a discounted) 65,500 points. If we visit again, we decided to spend a little more on accomodations and stay in a more luxurious place. There was nothing wrong with the Beachcomber; it just seems to need a few updates.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HMTY
<Content>Not bad for the price We booked this hotel through Hotwire for $92 a night which was a steal in June! This hotel is a basic 3-star hotel... not fancy or anything since it was built probably in the 60's but we didn't have any problems when we got there. We checked in early and our room was already available. We were on our honeymoon and left valuables in the room when we left so just left the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the room so we didn't have to worry about housekeeping or anything. This hotel is super close to shopping and Waikiki Beach is only a couple blocks away. Don't know if I would stay there again but for the price we got, it was a great deal!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AgnetasDream
<Content>Like it! Having visited The Beachcomber five times in the last ten years we must say that it is great place. ON Kalakua 2 minutes from waikiki and a few minutes from Perrys. a good eating place.Combine this with the International market this a favourite place in the islands for us. We usually go there every second year the other year we go to Royal Lahaina on MAUI.The only thing that we have had to ask for has been an steaming Iron. However the friendly girl who cleand our room fixed that right away!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ratNparrot
<Content>decent, clean, central, and good parking for $137 after taxes. what you expect from a $137 room. Kitty-corner to Moana Surfrider (have breakfast and Tea on their Veranda!) with decent views from the higher rooms. No frills here, just a spacious, basic room that is very clean. good beds, carpet in good condition, nothing standing out as Dated.Parking garage is super convenient as this hotel is in the middle of the strip and on top of the international marketplace for shopping. I would have been disappointed at $150 and thrilled if it were $100. Comparable to a new Holiday Inn in a very good location. If you're a shopper, this is the place to be. The beach is across the street.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Parrotheads
<Content>Wonderful vacation on Oahu staying in Waikiki Beach at Waikiki Beachcomber       View from our patio at the hotel  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Beachcomber Me and My cousin really enjoyed the Beachcomber Hotel, It was in a perfect location and was very clean and if we needed anything they were there. I would stay there again next time. P.S. get the front ocean view room it was nice. Thanks again. Patty  Selina :)  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kirabee
<Content>Look, it's still a really good 3-star hotel       This is 'deluxe ocean-view' (front of building)  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Oz23
<Content>Great value in great location We stayed at the Beachcomber last December for 5 nights. After reading the reviews I wasn't sure what to expect. This wasn't our first trip to Waikiki so we knew where things were located. As everyone has said, this hotel is in a great location and the price we were quoted was very reasonable so we thought we'd give it a try. The hotel is ideally located right in the middle of Waikiki within walking distance from everywhere you could want (including downtown Honolulu and the Ala Moana Shopping centre which is only around 30 min walk).We're a young couple and really only wanted a place to sleep and this place was just fine. We had booked a non-smoking partial ocean view room and that's exactly what we got. Our room was on the 9th or 10th floor facing directly to the beach. Views are obstructed by hotels of equal height right on the beach so I don't think you will get the perfect view, regardless of the floor (I estimate ocean views would cease around floor 6). We could see the surfers bobbing around in the water while sitting on the bed so were quite pleased. Our room was big with a big comfortable bed. The whole place could use a renovation but we had no complaints about our room. It was clean and the air con worked well.We didn't use the pool or hot tub. Both looked quite clean. The pool is small and was always quite crowded. If you're after a self contained place where you can lounge all day by the pool drinking cocktails, this isn't it (you're best to pay 3 times the price to stay down on the beach).In summary, we enjoyed our experience at the Beachcomber and I would not hesitate to stay here again. Provided you get it at a reasonable price, it represents good value for money.(PS: for any first-timers to Hawaii looking for the beautiful island paradise with quiet, secluded beaches - try another island. Waikiki is all about shopping, noise, crowds and jammed up one way streets!)  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cazzi
<Content>Read this before you go! We stayer a week here, before going for a week to Kauaii. We have 2 children - and hoped the room - ocean view would have been nice. My husband said refugees have nicer rooms than this place. We had noise all night from the market place - and Luau show noise from within the hotel until 3:00 in the morning! Not to mention all the fights we heard down below. It was the noisiest hotel I have ever been in - we heard the people jumping upstairs till late at night, heard the people next door, too! Great...just what you want on a holiday. The pool was very small and crappy...the hot tub was a plastic tub on the tile.The room had dirty stained carpets, the towels that were supposed to be white were beige, pinkish tinted...any colour but white. The furniture in the very small room was old and damaged. Had 2 double beds....way too small. The ocean view was more like a glimpse. Supposedly in a years time they will be renovating the rooms....until then I say don't even think about it - it was horrible.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keleka
<Content>Seemed perfectly fine to me I stayed at the Beachcomber in early March for four nights when I was in Honolulu for a job interview. The employer booked the hotel, so I wasn't sure what to expect.I was on the 4th floor and had no view other than some other buildings. Other than that, I found the room and the hotel to be fine. The room and its furnishings were very nice and comfortable. I particularly appreciated the free wireless access. I ate at the restaurant by the pool for breakfast twice and found it to be fine, too. I didn't use the pool but I looked at it and I didn't see anything wrong with it. Yes, it's a little small. The desk clerks were very polite and friendly the four times I went up to them for one reason or the other.If you're looking for luxury, this probably isn't the place, but if you're looking for cleanliness, safety, location, comfort, and value, I'd say you'd be happy here. The hotel is right on Kalakaua and literally just across the street from the hotels that are on the beach. I walked across the street, thru that hotel, and out onto the beach with no problems. My only objection to the place was that it is in the crowded end of Waikiki. I prefer the less-crowded Kuhio Beach end.Oh, and the porters down at the entrance were especially helpful when I was leaving. I had booked an 8:15pm pick up for the airport and I was there at 8:00pm at the curb. The porters noticed me and asked me name. Seems my pickup had just left. Yeah, he left twenty minutes before my scheduled pick up. The porters were very helpful getting me another pick up and then getting my luggage into the van.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel in waikiki This was our second time returning to hawaii for a vacation. We assumed that a 3 star hotel would be much better than the 1 and a half star hotel that we stayed at previously. This hotel almost ruined our whole vacation, if we had not moved to an alternate one. Complaints: 1.) Before we had arrived, we booked 3 smoking rooms with 2 double beds in each room. I personally confirmed with the hotel that these rooms were available at least 3 times before we arrived at the hotel. They assured us that our reservation was confirmed and that they had availabilty on all of our requests. When we arrived, they did not have 2 double beds in each room as agreed upon, they were rude, disrespectful, and unaccountable of their mistake. We decided to surrender because we did not want this to ruin our trip. 2.) The ameneties that are promised on their website is not valid whatsoever. They do not have MOST of the ameneties. Before you check into this hotel, make sure you call them and confirm the ameneties...3.) The pool seemed as if it belongs to a motel 6, and the hot tub is a portable hot tub that does not beat the 1 and a half star hotel we stayed at previously. The pool area closes at 6:00pm, which is ridiculous considering that most people who go to hawaii are attempting to relax in a nice enviorment. 4.) Service is extremely unpolite. If you are expecting to go to a nice hotel that greets you with aloha's, do not expect it from waikiki beachchomber. They are slow with service, and are in desperate need of customer service attitude adjustment. 5.) The pictures of the room are definetly misleading. We paid almost double of the price of a standard room to get an ocean view room. When we walked out to the balcony, it was barely a partial ocean view room. It was dissappointing, and overpriced. Overall, the staff was not accomodating whatsoever. The only positive comment that I am willing to give this hotel is the location was great. If you are looking forward to having a fun filled vacation, do not come to this hotel. Their horrible attitude, and cheap overpriced hotel will put a real dent in your vacation.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>brew
<Content>great location great view We stayed here for 10 days and found it to be great value. We were on the 15 floor and had a great ocean view. The room had an iron and ironing board, a blow drier and a fridge. The beach is just across the street and the international market was next door. This hotel is in the middle of the hotel zone and within walking distance of most of the great restaurants. Our favorites: Keos(Thai), Tikis, Arancia (on beachwalk, Italian). The weather was disappointing as it was cloudy and rained every day but There was lots to do even in the rain.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pjfrommd
<Content>Great Location Location: A wonderful location, the hotel sits on the main street with plenty of shopping (LV, Prada, Gucci, Tiffany, etc.) and the open air International Market where you can shop till you drop, eat and bars with no cover charge. The Beachcomber sits right across the street from the lovely beach. The Aquarium and Zoo is a short 15 minute walk from the hotel. The transit system is good, costing $2.00 with one free transfer.Hotel Service: I found the staff to be very friendly. There is a pool, hot tub and outside covered cafe that is open from 6:00am - 1:00pm. The housekeeping I found to be unacceptable because for the seven nights I was there, they never once gave us clean coffee cups or drinking glasses. And don't epect to get any because they aren't kept on the cleaning cart. Instead, they wash out your coffee cup each morning with water from the sink, if you are even lucky. Makes me wonder if they were even sanatized after the guest in the room before us. I requested clean cups in the morning but never got them. There was a hair dryer, iron and ironing board, coffee and coffee pot in the room.Excursions/Day Trips: I found Mary Ann at the first section of the trip desk to be very friendly and very helpful. We bought our excursions from there. You will find many vendors on the street selling trips but I found more security purchasing them from the vendor in the hotel so it was worth the cost. The day trip around the island was wonderful, as was Pearl Harbor and whale watching. There is a wonderful Blue Hawaii Show featuring a wonderful Elvis impersenator that is sure to please everyone. There are four beautiful ladies in the show for the men's viewing pleasure too. As of then, Don Ho was having shows on Thur. and Sunday nights only. I didn't make it to that.All in all, the location of the hotel was excellent though to get a good view, you will need to be on the 19th floor or higher and rooms 1906 - 1909 to get a good view. I was in a smoking room but found no odor of smoke (I do not smoke).  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>karfest
<Content>Great Location! We stayed at the Waikiki Beachcomber for two nights before going on a cruise. We were looking for somwhere to sleep, not to be entertained, and this was it. Nice, basic room with a partial ocean view. The room had a frig but no other frills. This hotel is located right next to and above the International Marketplace so it was a little noisy during the night but not unbearable. Restaurants, shopping, and the beach are all nearby. My parents paid nearly triple at the Marriot but we had better views and better beach access than they did. Helpful bellstaff brought our bags to the room, check in was quick and easy. However, they are serious about the noon check out time. They called our room at 12:10 to see if we were out yet! The room was clean, bed was confortable and the price and location can't be beat.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location ,great service You get what you pay for! I found the service very adequete and even though I was not satisfied with my room at first, staff did a great job in finding a suitable alternative.I stayed there for 2 weeks and never had a problem with service, staff or lack of attention.I thought the pool was quite cold but maybe they change the water daily!As a first timer to Honolulu I thought the location was fantastic. Close to everything including beaches, busses, dining etc. If I am ever lucky enough tostay in Honolulu again ,I would certainly check out this hotel again1  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Froggie68
<Content>Great location! I stayed at the Beachcomber Dec 7 - 17, 2006 my sister  I went to do the Honolulu Marathon. It's a great hotel in a great location. The rooms are well just a room nothing special 2 queen beds, TV, table, balcony, but cleaned everyday. I only have 2 small complaints:1. Our room faced the construction site so we couldn鈥檛 really enjoy the balcony unless we wanted to talk really loud over each other.2.Check out is at noon if you have a flight that doesn鈥檛 leave till 7-8pm you have to drag your suitcases everywhere you go because they don鈥檛 have a room to store your luggage. If you want to take a chance leaving your bags with the porters they will tie a rope around your luggage and tell you 鈥渓eave your bags at your own risk鈥?br/>Those are my two beefs about the hotel. Everything else is great... Oh ya it鈥檚 not mentioned on a lot of websites but they have a garden on the roof. Mahalo  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We just stayed at the Beachcomber for five days. The location was great. The ocean is just across the street, surrounded by shops and places to eat. The staff was friendly. A good place for drinks is across the street at Dukes. Drinks are reasonable for Hawaii and the ocean view is wonderful. Definately would recommend the Hawaiian Adventures tour - Boogie boarding, snorkeling and hiking. They will pick you up right from the hotel. Request D and Joe as the tour guides. Down to Hawaiian natives with a great sense of humor. My only complaint about the Beachcomber is that THE BEDS ARE SO HARD. I read other reviews and heard the same thing but I didn't think it was going to be a big deal. By the second day my back was killing me. I had to ask for an extra pillow so I could put it under my back while I slept! Otherwise I was a great value!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Service -- Relocated to Ohana East This property is now a part of the Ohana and Outrigger family of hotels. This is initially why I booked with them. However, they overbooked the property when I got there and would only accomodate me in a smoking environment. This surprised me since Ohana has some completely non smoking properties. I thought they were updating their standards. The folks at the front desk were very poor on listening to our needs and were extremely uncooperative. I finally got the attention of a young gentleman (Alex) to see the obvious which is just to find me a comparable room with their other properties. It was so easy but the other women at the front desk were horrible on helping anyone and even one tried to be confrontational. I accepted a reservation at the Ohana East, just around the corner. Read my review and see my photos from that stay.This hotel was conveniently located, though not on the beach. However..it was in need of some updates and doesn't have a very welcoming atmosphere. But I would start with the hotel staff.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location For the price we paid, it was an excellent choice. We had an ocean view room on the 14th floor, which is non-smoking, just over the market place. Yes there was noise in the evening but nothing you couldn't shut out with the patio door closed--it was just music anyway.The spa did work, never had to wait for an elevator, and the rooms were clean, even tho a bit older looking.The staff was always friendly and yes the breakfast is a bit over priced--the Ohana East had a great breakfast in a nice setting.We were on the east side of the building also a good choice, as there is construction happening on the west side, so the pool area was really noisy, I really couldn't sit there for long. If you can call about the side your room will be on, I'd do it.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Deblyh
<Content>Great Location We spent a few nights at the Beachcomber Hotel enroute to Maui. The good news is that the location is central to anything you need or want. The bad news is that the hotel is dire need of a facelift. The room are clean but dated and plain. We had no problem with the staff and in fact found them quite pleasant. You can walk to the ocean and the hotel is not only surrounded by the marketplace but there is also upscale shopping and restaurants for moderate to upscale dining. Frankly this hotel could be one of the best with its locale and really nothing that a fresh coat of paint and a decorators touch couldn't fix....but then again....I guess you wouldn't get it for the great rate we found on the internet. So for the price and the location and the fact the rooms are clean...we would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Gaylypops
<Content>Excellent location       View from our balcony  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>math48teach
<Content>Enjoyed our stay       sunrise from our lanai  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marshunchk
<Content>An okay place if you don't care about sleeping. First the good:Great location in the heart of Waikiki as well as easy to get to the beach.Good breakfast buffet. Especially compared to others close by. Here $13 as compared to $28 across the street. It's just breakfast!Now the not so good:Walls are paper thin. You can hear everybody and everything. Keep in mind then they can hear you too!Extra charge for the safe at $3.50 per day and paking charge $10 per day. Pretty standard practice around Waikiki, but why not roll it in so it doesn't feel like rip off.We were on 17th floor, out of 25 floors, and still heard the trolley staring at 6am every morning. I think it came then every 20 minutes or so. I'm still hearing the 'ding-ding' in my ears. Between the trolley and the elevator 'ding' it got pretty irritating.The beds. Normally I wouldn't complain about this because it hasn't ever been an issue in any other hotel we've ever stayed in. Now, I know why others have complained on this issue. They were only full beds, which I haven't slept in since I was a kid, with the most scratchy sheets I've ever felt. All in all we would NEVER stay here again even though we did enjoy the island. The best part was getting away from the city! Next time, off to Kaui, or Big Island, or Maui, or Lana'i, or etc........ Never back to the Beachcomber!!!! Stay at your own risk.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice location, Poor Management  We have stayed at the Beachcomber on 4 or 5 occassions, but will not stay there again. First the positive: great location, bordered on 3 sides by the International Marketplace, across Kalakaua Ave. from the beach. We had an ocean view room with buffet breakfast that was very reasonably priced.  The negative: incredibly, unbelievably poor management. There was no iron in our room, and the ironing board had one leg that refused to stand. Called the front desk, they sent up an iron and an ironing board, but I had to sign a statement that if I did not return them to housekeeping within an hour, they would charge both to my room! The rooms are small and rather plain, the view is OK, to see the ocean one has to look over the roof of the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center. Cleanliness was so-so.  However, what really got me was when my MP3 player disappeared from my room, although I never took it out of the room. I reported it to the front desk, and they were not only not sympathetic, they were downright hostile. They confirmed that no one had been in the room except staff, so the thief had to have been a hotel staff member. After returning to the mainland, I received a letter from them disclaiming all responsibility. Apparently Hawaii has a gotcha law, exempting innkeepers from all liability for theft if the hotel provides a safe and the stolen goods were not in the safe. Of course, they charge you extra if you use the safe, so its a gotcha either way you slice it. Its a shame that a property so well located is so poorly managed. It didn't used to be that way.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location! We stayed here the first week of October. The hotel is in a great location and in the heart of everything from the beach to the International Marketplace. The staff was friendly and the rooms were clean. One thing to note is that their rooms are smoking rooms unless you request a non-smoking room which I believe they have 1 or 2 floors designated as non-smoking floors. On arrival, our room had a somewhat stale smoke smell. We told the hotel staff and they immediately put an ionizer in the room which definitely helped. That was the only minor problem and was resolved right away! I would definitely stay at the Waikiki Beachcomber again!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location and very clean My friend and I stayed a week at this great hotel. Check in was easy with a very friendly and helpful desk clerk. We were given a free upgrade to a partial ocean view without us even asking for one. The view from our eighth floor lanai was spectacular!! The room was spacious and kept very clean by the housekeeping staff. Our room was quiet at night. The bell staff was very helpful with our questions about transportation and making those arrangements for us. We ate breakfast on our lanai most mornings and on our last day there, we were treated to a parade on the street below us. We had a wonderful time and would defintely stay at the Waikiki Beachcomer again. The best feature of this hotel was location, location, location!! It was close to everything! Aloha!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ggbbgg
<Content>Hated this dump This place is in need of some major work. Rooms are in terrible shape, hotel staff couldn't care less about customer service. Food is bad, pool is small. The only thing good about this place is the location.We booked a non-smoking room but they gave us a smoking room because they did not have any non-smoking left. In other words, reservations don't mean too much to them. We asked to be changed and they said this was not possible. When we called our travel agency, they and only they were able to get us moved to a non-smoking room. Didn't do much good though. Room was still very uncomfortable and smelly. The beds are HORRIBLE. I almost decided to sleep on the floor. Oh, and I love the fact that they charge you an $8.95 daily fee to use the in-room safe so you can protect your own belongings from theft by the hotels employees...The staff was amazingly uninterested in customer service. It was a very strange experience. The front desk girls were short of rude. The breakfast staff was the same. As was the parking lot cashier, etc., etc. If you go here on your vacation, I feel sorry for you. There are much better hotels in Waikiki for the $$$$. Avoid this place.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>2CLEAN
<Content>Not what is advertised!!! Well the checkin process was not pleasant. Kept waiting and finally not accepting the rooms they tried to give us. Ok that was not satisfied but we went on with vacation. The spa does not work, and it has not been working for 6 months according to the maintenance person. When we asked the management about it, they had nothing but excuses. No resolution to the problem was ever received. I reccomend that you avoid this Hotel. There are many other hotels which are better values with things that actually work.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Akissi77
<Content>Great location and affordable I booked the hotel because of the affordable price and location. Yes you are 1 block from the beach and in the middle of the action (food shops etc...). Yes, the price is affordable (we paid $110/night standard room non smoking). We had no view at all because we were only on the 4th floor, keep in mind most floors are smoking, there were only a couple of floors non smoking. However I agree with a previous poster that the rooms style is kinda an 80's style and not very new but I have to say it was very spacious though. After all you are in Hawaii to be outside, at the beach, scuba diving etc... Staff was friendly. Do not eat breakfast at the hotel ($12 buffet/pers) but just go to the next street parallel you will find some $2.99 (pancake eggs bacon + juice) restaurants, very good. Althought I suggest you do not book your island tour or scuba diving in the lobby because it is very expensive, we booked our activities thru a place called cheap tickets  tour (in front of post office, 3 or 4 blocks down the road) for half the price. Would I recommend this hotel to young couples/college students/budget travelers? YesWould I stay there again? no, I think next time I'll spend that extra $40/night and stay in a fancier hotel.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, comfortable, good value Just arrived back from a fantastic week in sunny Honolulu! We chose the Beachcomber initially because of the price and location right in the heart of Waikiki and weren't disappointed.The rooms were spacious and clean and the king bed was comfortable. We were given an 'Ocean View' room on a high floor as was stated on our reservation. We were not given a non-smoking floor as requested but the room did not smell too bad because most people like to keep the balcony doors open (to enjoy the balmy sea breezes) so the smoke smell didn't seem to linger.You can hear some noise at night - but you can't have your cake and eat it if you want to be part of the Waikiki action!!!Sure, there are no frills and the decor is kinda stuck in the 80s but it is more than adequate as a place to rest after all the activities of the day! The people we travelled with stayed at the Marriott and paid more than double the price of the Beachcomber - but personally, I didn't think it was twice as good. We also enjoyed the cheap food at the International Marketplace which is right downstairs from the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Menmyshadow
<Content>Great Location, decent hotel Just got back. Great hotel for a budget traveler. Convenient to EVERYTHING--mid-Waikiki. Had a partial ocean view room. It was clean and nice. The lanai overlooked the International Marketplace, so it was noisy, but I knew Waikiki was not going to be quiet. Front desk, maid service, parking attendants, everyone was great and helpful. No coffee, but hot water available next to the icemaker if you want to do instant. Starbucks is a block away in the Waikiki Trade Center. Overall a good location and value. Not for you if you want quiet.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just good location only,no good service,no attention, no care We arrived at the Waikiki Beachcomber Hotel last month (july-05) for our honey moon.We booked it through Hotwire. We asked for a room with oceen view.The customer service told us that there is nothing available for that day but if something comes up during the following days they will inform us.I told them that we are here for 4-5 days and if any day is available, we would appreciate that.But we got no call on that nor anyone informed us. Then there is no iron in the rooms.You have to call them,wait for your number and then after few hours it would be available to you.And they come back within an hr to take it back.So be sure to bring your own iron in the hotel.The next day ,the girl in housekeeping department was so rude that she said directly that its not available,call us back...when ?? she had no idea.Also the hairdryer does not work. To clean the rooms,the Maid knocks each and every door in the morning.Be sure to lock your door from inside because if you are sleeping and you don't answer , they will come right in.They have no record of which guest is staying or which is gone.Thus another option is to put do not sisturb' sign outside the door. so except for the location nothing is good about it.....  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TuscanVisitor
<Content>Good value - very convenient If you want to stay in the heart (craziness sometimes) of Waikiki - this is a great place. The beach is only a block away! Our room was cleaner than expected (some of the reviews had me a little scared). The staff (front desk, housekeeping, and bell hop) were very nice and accomodating. The parking is the only downfall of the hotel. There are limited spaces. But, other than that - it's a great place for the price (I got a great deal on priceline). I would recommend this hotel to friends and family. A friend stayed at the Sheraton down the corner (not the Surfrider) and paid double the price - which was definitely not worth it.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roenagl
<Content>Good bargain  This older hotel is right in the center of Honolulu next to all the major shopping and one block from Waikiki Beach. The price is right and accommodations are too. Small pool  hot tub, outdoor restaurant. Located on the 'main drag'.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bargain We stayed two nights at the Waikiki Beachcomber to begin our first-ever Hawaii vacation (spent the next 5 days on the Big Island), and were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was clean and very convenient to all of the shopping on Kalakaua, the main thoroughfare. We requested non-smoking and got it. We paid a little bit more for a partial ocean view and it was worth it to see the historic pink hotel (I think it's the Royal Hawaiian) across the street, and a view of Diamond Head from our lanai. So romantic!Waikiki Beachcomber is a good choice if you are ok with Holiday Inn/Quality Inn-type surroundings -- it is not the Ritz Carlton. Truthfully there is so much to do in Honolulu that you probably won't end up spending that much time in your room, anyway! Waikiki Beachcomber offers a great option to save $ without sacrificing a good, clean room.One of the main reasons we chose the hotel is because they host the Don Ho show. Be sure to bring your camera, and you can get your picture with him before the show. He features great young performers who are very talented - think of it as a talk show/variety show during those parts, kitschy Hawaii at its best (just do the cocktail option, skip the dinner).Each morning we ate breakfast at the hotel's outdoor terrace restaurant. It was wonderful seeing the palm trees and getting a good start for the day.Be sure to eat dinner at Duke's (just across the street) for a lovely sunset view and eat the Hula Pie for dessert.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and very clean The location can't be beat. All the shops are very close and lots of places to eat located a short walking distance away. The beach is a short walk that you will enjoy as you see all of the shops. The staff is friendly and helpful. The only problem I encountered was that I asked for a non-smoking room but I arrived and none were available. This was not the hotel's fault, but my travel agent was lazy and did put in the request as we had asked..last time doing business with the agent. They did their best to find us a non-smoking room, but in the end we stayed in our room. We got rid of the smell by getting the bedding changed and leaving our balcony door open to let in the clean fresh ocean breeze. This worked. Looking for a good in-expensive meals try Seaside Bar  Grill or try L  L Hawaiian Barbecue. For the seafood lover you must try the Oceanarium Restaurant located in the Pacific Beach Hotel with their all you can eat crab leg buffet (plus the largest aquarium in a restaurant that I have ever seen- well worth the price of the dinner). You can find coupons in one of the local magazines to find discounts for these restaurants plus more activities.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bbjones94102
<Content>Great Location This is the third time we have stayed at the Beachcomber. The location is wonderful, right across the street from the beach and shopping areas. The desk and bell staff were very helpful. Our room had a nice view of the ocean and Kalakaua. There is internet access in the room and by the minute internet in the lobby.There were no coffee pots in the room but starbucks is only a short walk away. For the cost of their coffee shop coffee, I bought a large coffee and newspaper at the Starbucks. Better bring a laundry bag as plastic bags are not provided, only paper ones for hotel laundry service.We feel this is the best deal especially being so close to the beach and new Cheescake Factory Restaurant. Check out their website for internet specials. Paying an additional $30/nite for a third adult did not seem reasonable though.We plan to return again next year.Aloha.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Enjoyed Our Stay We stayed here 4 nights. The price was right!! The room/bathroom and hotel was very clean. We ordered room service each morning and the food was quite tasty and it always came faster than they said it would - Ya got to love that. The location was good. We could walk to a lot of things. Didn't like the $10 daily parking fee, but other than that - We would most definitely stay here again!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stampjen
<Content>Good location but Loud We stayed here 4 nights and although it was pretty clean, experienced a lot of noise that didn't start until around 11 p.m. Location doesn't get any better, only steps from the beach access, international market, a few blocks from the mall. The Cheesecake Factory restaurant is across the street and has by far the biggest selection/best prices/best food of any restaurant we tried. Negatives were moderately helpful bell staff, had to check out an iron (which we were informed one morning that they were out and we were #4 on the waiting list) irons must be returned within 60 min. or a $25.00 fee assessed, and no coffee pots in the rooms. However, you can get coffee from room service at around $10.00 a pot with additional delivery fees and taxes added. It's an ok place if you don't mind the noise and can function without coffee on little sleep. We paid about 130.00 a night, which seemed a little high for the inconveniences.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>capnap2005
<Content>Great Location Great Location. Only about 1/2-1 block from Waikiki Beach. We went there during Halloween so a lot was happening right outside our hotel. Crowds gathered in their Halloween costumes walking up and down the street. It was great. Blocks from shopping malls and restaurants. The room was okay. Not the best but good for the price. We had a room that was suppose to overlook the International Marketplace but all we saw were trees. We did hear the loud music that was playing at the International Marketplace at night when we sat out on our balcony. But it's just listening to the music because we couldn't see anything but those trees. =( All in all, it's good for the price. You definitely won't be blown away with this hotel. I say it's a 3 star hotel.One more thing, parking was crazy. $20 per day to park in their parking lot. =O  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gonealot
<Content>Good location, but We stayed at the The Waikiki Beachomber May 29, 2005 through June 1 and found that while the hotel has a good location in Waikiki and is a good value for the money we would not stay here again The rooms are large and attractive. We found the location to be very noisey( a lot of street noise) and many high school teens very interested in partying staying here. We enjoy getting a early start on our day so we called prior to our vacation and asked about the availability of coffeepots in the rooms and were assured that the rooms did have coffeepots. Upon arrival we were told that they had been removed from rooms the first of the year. We also had to sign a usage form to use an iron. Construction on both sides of the hotel will soon be a large additional noise factor  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and nice hotel for the price After reading tons of reviews, I was a little scared of what to expect when I arrived at the hotel, but I was pleasantly suprised. This hotel's location can't be beat!! It is in the middle of everything in Waikiki. The International Market is literally downstairs and the beach is right across the street. The hotel is a little old, but the rooms are decent. They aren't luxurious, but they are nice and clean. We had an oceanview room on the 8th floor. The people at the front desk were always friendly and helpful. The only annoying thing was the parking lot would get full at night when the shows would go on, but it was no biggie. You just double park your car and leave the keys in it for the parking lot attendant. Overall, this hotel is worth it! I would definitely stay here again!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>torpedoDan
<Content>11 Night stay at Beachcomber Hotel We stayed at the Waikiki Beachcomber Hotel for 11 nights from 19th thru 30 March 2005. The hotel was in a perfect location to all of what is happening in Waikiki. The room that we had on the 22nd floor even though it was on a smoking floor had an excellent view of the Beach and was indeed an oceanview as advertised. The room was large enough and had the typical amenities. The maid kept it clean and the bedding was new. We took in the Don Ho show on the 20th March. The food was OK but the show was a bit of a dissapointment. Mr. HO didn't look like he was much interested in what he was doing. His voice is just as good as a 74 year old as it was back when I first heard himn sing on the radio. The bright spot of the evening was a young girl that could really play the Ukulele. He had a beautiful girl doing the Hawaiian dances to some of his songs.Roberts Hawaii was the best tour company. Magic of Polynesia was a great magic show.Stars and Stripes was a great military tour.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Anniversary Stayed at the Beachcomber for two weeks for our first anniversary. We had stayed here last year and were married in Kailua. The staff was excellent. Our housekeeper did a wonderful job everyday cleaning the room. The parking lot attendants were very helpful and one even had a sense of humor. The hotel is right in the middle of everything! The room was large and clean. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Illy1108
<Content>Great Deal Pricelined this room, got it for a mere $75 a night. Older hotel, nicely remodeled, big rooms, clean. Nothing fancy, more than fine for budget travelers. Right in the middle of everything, across the street from the beach and the hustle and bustle of the Waikiki beach strip. Reminded me of South Beach in Miami. My husband and I liked the location because of the proximity of the International Market food court, lots of meal options at reasonable prices. Chinese, pizza, hamburgers, Vietnamese, Japanese, you name it, they had it. Our favorite was Yummy's Korean BBQ and the ice cream stand. Lots of shopping nearby, right next to the hotel is a marketplace with almost flea market prices on gifts and souveniers. Good location and a good deal. Would recommend it highly to travelers that do not have $200 plus a night to drop on a hotel room that they will spend very little time in.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mogilvie
<Content>Ono Value When we originally arrived at this hotel we were given a smoking room on the third floor with a terrible view. This wasn't good considering we were on our honeymoon and had requested a non-smoking room. However, we were barely unpacked when the front desk called up (without us saying anything) and offered us a non-smoking room on the beach facing side for the next day. This room was much nicer with a partial view of the beach and ocean. The room was clean and the staff was nice. All in all, basic hotel for a basic price. Definintly go see the magic of polinesia show which is at this hotel, worth every penny and you get a discount if you're staying at the beachcomber. Located right in the middle of everything in Waikiki. I would stay here again for the right price.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK for the money I paid Stay here 2/19/05 to 2/25/05 for $70 per nightWeek rental car $211This hotel's location can't be beat if you can get it at a right price ($70 or below per night) We arrived late at aorund 11pm and the hotel was fully booked, but our room was ready. The room was clean and neat. We were on the 8th floor and had a little view of the beach. The only problem I had with this hotel room was the bath room. It had a very bad urine smell that would not go away. We even had brought our own scented candles and that didn't do it.The only other problem I've encounter was a very rude man that works at the parking booth. I left the one week parking ticket voucher to him and he told me to pick it up when I return. When I return, I didn't know if I should push for another ticket from the machine or not, so I hong the horn, but he did not repsond. So, I did it again and this must of tick him off. He then with a very rude tone told me to take another ticket. I asked him wouldn't I be charged again and again with a rude tone he said NO DON'T WORYY, I TOLD YOU TO GO AHEAD.....Man, this guy was bad......Overall the hotel was OK if you're not in there a lot and just need a bed to sleep. But, if you are looking for better services and fancy setup, then this is not your choice.I would stay here again...........Frankie Lam  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BudgetTraveller
<Content>Loved the hotel We completed our trip to Hawaii to celebrate our first wedding anniversary and we landed in Honolulu.  This hotel is in the heart of downtown Waikiki with steps away from the beach. If you get lucky and get a room facing the Kalakua Ave, you will definitely get a sight of the ocean from the balcony.  The room was in excellent condition with all amenities provided. Housekeeping was prompt and very courteous. The hotel staff in general was very courteous to explain anything and everything.  Dont miss the breakfast at the hotels restaurant. Although a bit pricey at $15 per person, it was good to see so many varities available specially for we vegetarians.  The hotel has excellent concierge service at the bottom of escalators and one can get excellent deals/timeshares right there and then.  In general we enjoyed our stay at Waikiki Beachcomber and would not mind going in again at the amazing price deal we got from Priceline.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what it's cracked up to be My husband planned our trip to Waikiki and was given a travel magazine showing the Beachcomber as a 4-star hotel - he booked a non-smoking, full-ocean view room. We arrived and were given a smoking, partial-ocean view room. Upon a visit to the front desk, we were moved to the proper room-type two days later. While clean, it was worn down, the bedding had holes in it, and the vents pumped air that made the room smell either like smoke or food. In fact, we were told the hotel isn't even rated. That said, the location is fabulous if you just want a place to rest your head.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lahiyalo
<Content>Smoke and noise Stayed 11/14-21 with advance reservations for non-smoking, two beds, ocean view. Upon arrival, told non-smoking was not available, is special request, and not guaranteed. Hotel changed bedding to reduce smoke smell in the available ocean view room (facing ocean and glorious view from room), and called next morning, offering non-smoking ocean view. Upon visiting other room, discovered view was of another hotel's windows and that lanai overlooked vents of adjacent buildings, with view of sliver of ocean only if you stepped out of room. Decided to stay in first room, in spite of heavy smoke in hallways and stale smell in room. That night, loud banging in sink pipes at 11 pm and awakening us at 1:30 and 4:30 am. Desk said maybe due to old pipes and maintenance would come at 5 am. Lost full night's sleep. Spoke to asst mgr, who transferred us to non-smoking ocean view at 5:30 am. Upon return to room at 6:30 pm that night, it hadn't been cleaned. After much discussion with asst mgr by travel agent, got free late check-out for last day at 5 pm, in compensation for problems. Returned to room on last day at 3 pm, but locked out. Another mistake by front desk, which did not inform us about their changing looks on check out day at noon (I'd verified early check out the night before, but nothing mentioned at that time). Spent minimal time in room, but these situations and the time necessary to discuss and correct them took away from an otherwise wonderful stay on Oahu. Location is great, but will find another lodging next time. Caution: only four of 24 floors have non-smoking rooms and these cannot be guaranteed.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Right Price/Right Location Spent two nights here nov 18. Read lots of reviews berfore picking this hotel and it was just as expected. Best feature is obvious, loacation loacation location. But it's clean and safe, the staff was friendly, the room was adequate but plain. If luxury is what you want don't stay here but if you shop the internet for a good price in a hotel to crash at night this will do fine. Nice pool area. didn't eat onsite, (try Cha Cha Cha caribe-mexican restuarant) and the only problem here was entering/exiting the parking down dukes alley because of the contruction on kuhio. I'd be fine staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great central location and helpful staff The Beachcomber is really right in the heart of Waikiki. If you want to spend big $ then stay across the road on the beach, but for this Aussie who doesn't want to spend all his Aussie roubles on a fancy hotel but wants to be close to the action in a comfortable clean room, it did the job very well. I've read some of the other reviews and I think they're a bit picky about paying for coffee/movies etc. I don't go all the way to Hawaii to sit in my room - the best cafe I found was the delightful Honolulu cafe at the 1901 Sheraton Moana almost across the road - you will smell the aroma as you pass! (plus they provide free newspapers). If you want the whole resort experience (fancy pool etc) then this is probably not the hotel for you. I was out and about all the time and this was a great base. I didn't go to any of the shows - they all looked kitsch to me and targeted to tour groups - for my hula dose I watched the free and excellent Hawaiian show at the International Market food hall literally just down the laneway (starts 8.30 each night except Tues) and the free lighting of the torches and Hula show near the Duke statue at 6pm - both went about an hour and they were both really good.If you want a very pleasant hotel very close to the beach (which after all is far better than any pool in Waikiki), to TheBus, the markets and with friendly helpful staff and a comfortable night's sleep then this is a good option to consider.Hope this helps. AlohaPaul, Sydney Australia, stayed early Nov 2004)  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>canadiantraveler
<Content>Completely satisfied in every way - great value  I was at the Waikiki Beachcomber from October 27th to October 31st, before going on a cruise around the islands. After booking, I had read some good and not so good reports on tripadvisor, but I was very pleased with my experience at the Beachcomber. The location cannot be beat - it is advertised as 297 steps from the beach - and it really is just about that distance! There is a great beach access just across the street, which brings you to alongside Duke's at the Outrigger.Check in was easy and pleasant. I had booked a partial ocean view and was delighted with my room on the 15th floor. When sitting on my lanai I had three views of the ocean, two quite extensive. I could watch the sun set while sitting on my lanai. My room looked exactly as shown on the internet - very clean and everything worked. I knew ahead of time about the cost of the safe ($3.50 per day) so that did not concern me. There was also a $2.00 charge for coffee, which I never used, as I do not drink coffee. I had great omelets at the Hibiscus Cafe and went to a dinner/theatre show at the Beachcomber with illusionist John Hirokawa - excellent show - highly recommend it.The Beachcomber does not have a lavish foyer, nor it does not charge the fancy prices of some hotels. But I was completely satisfied and definitely felt I was given good value for my money. I had been warned about noise from the International Market and also from Duke's. I encountered no noise from either venue, even when sitting on my lanai. Would stay here again without any hesitation! If you are looking for a moderately priced, clean hotel in the heart of Waikiki - this is it! If you are booked here, do not have any worries at all! Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Our Family just returned from vacation and we loved the location of the Waikiki Beachcomber, we went to the shows in their showroom and they were really good. Our rooms were older but clean, maid service great, desk personnel wonderful, the only thing I would say wasn't right, was they charged us for our coffee in the room every morning, not a big complaint, we just went and got coffee filters and a bag of Hawaiian coffee, but I had never seen that before, but outside of the unexpected $2.00 a pot charge we enjoyed our stay and would stay with them again. We were treated very nice and had a wonderful wonderful time. Aloha  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed at the Waikiki Beachcomber, Sept 04 Stayed at the Beachcomber Sept 17-29, 2004.Location was fabulous. Beach was just a few steps away. The International Marketplace was right outside the hotel. For the price we paid for location, we definitely got a great deal. Sept was a good month, tail end of the season. My boyfriend and I were on the 5th floor at the very end of the hallway. It was a smoking floor. We weren't too happy about that. All other rooms were booked and we were unable to switch without paying a $30 upgrade per day. Frowned on that. The room was adequate, seemed a bit small and tight. Not too fancy, a little plain. The bed was comfortable. Had partial view of the ocean. When we closed the patio door, it was really quiet. Nice for those quick afternoon naps. Guest services were prompt and nice. The conceirge was excellent. Gave us great tips on mopeds and local restaurants. Parking was $10 a day for our car rental. I guess that is average from what I hear. Overall - location was excellent. Room itself was nice, nothing overly exciting.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lynn60
<Content>Great location Spent 2 nights of our 3 island tour at the Beachcomber. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was always helpful. The location was good even though it wasn't directly on the beach.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>olenabklyn
<Content>great if you get a good $$$ (priceline etc) Stayed at the beachcomber from aug. 21-29 2004.Got a good rate through priceline. When we first checked in we were on the 3rd floor which is a smoking floor, and we had a horrible view of the exhaust fans below. very depressing!!we were able to get switched to the 4th foor (non-smoking) the next day. The view now, was of the royal Hawiian, and a little bit of ocean which was much nicer.The hotel staff was very nice, the beach is very close, a nice walk, not far at all.It was very busy when we went, so if your not into hussle and crowds , this is not the place for you.If you don't mind being in the middle of all the action, great.Go to Dukes for breakfast, very tasty! (at the outrigger)The beds were very comfortable, not too hard and not too soft or lumpy! Shower only, no bath tub!All and all this hotel is good for the $ we spent, i wouldn't spend the rate that they offer on the hotels web site. and especially if you get a low floor with a crappy view. Shop around.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NickPop
<Content>Family vacation 2004 My family just came back from a one week stay at the Beachcomber. The response from the hotel staff was excellent. Housekeeping and maintenance responded within minutes when we needed more towels or to fix a broken drawer. The location is unsurpassed. This hotel really is at the centre of Waikiki. The decor is plain and seems almost unchanged from 18 years ago when we first stayed here. From reading Tripadvisor we knew in advance there would be a daily charge for using the safe so that was no problem. Although they charge for coffee within the room, there is a Starbucks and Seattle's Best within one block.If you are looking for a hotel which is conveniently located, reasonably priced, clean and provides basic amenities you should try this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!!!! My husband and I have just spent a few days at the Beachcomber and loved it. Its so close to all the action of Waikiki being right next door to the International Market. Only a couple of things that would change my opinion of above average to excellent and that would be if they provided coffee in the rooms for free and also provided glasses. We wanted to have drinks with friends and rung room service for glasses to be told they dont have glasses but did provide us with glass coffee mugs to drink from. Made drinking our rum and cokes interesting!!! But really we loved our stay and will be going back there one day  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Which is worse? The Hotel or the City? On a return trip from Bangkok, made mistake of stopping over in Honolulu to take a break from travel. What a huge let down. My disclaimer - I've never particularly longed to visit Hawaii - so many beaches, so little time - but my brother went this year and loved it. So, as I was passing by, as it were, thought I'd give it a try. Ugh. I'm sure there are parts of Hawaii that are gorgeous, magical, paradisical because too many people wax eloquent about them. But they're not in Honolulu. This is the Las Vegas/ Coney Island of the Polynesian world. Hotel is shabby, featureless, and smells stale. (Having to pay for an a.m. cup of coffee in the room only added insult to injury.) View fabulous - if you fancy the tops of other buildings. Beaches grand - if you like them overcrowded. Shopping terrific - particularly if your tastes run to 24/7 opportunities to buy overpriced junk. The Don Ho show personified my 3 days there: I left after 30 minutes, despite waiting in line for more than an hour, because I couldn't stand listening to an addled drunk who could neither remember lyrics nor why he was up on stage. Everything is hype, hustle, and awful. Do yourself a favor - don't stay in this shabby, smoky, smelly hotel and don't leave the Honolulu airport - stay put and either hop on a plane to another island or head on to the mainland and start planning a vacation on the shores of Africa, or the Caribbean, or Europe.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Subpar Hotel in Subpar City The best thing about this hotel is its location in central honolulu/Waikiki. However, why anyone would spend any time in Waikiki/Honolulu (Besides to see Pearl Harbor) is kind of beyond me considering all the island paradise that the Hawaiian Islands have to offer.The hotel itself is smelly, old  outdated, the sheets are paper thin from years of use, the rooms have a drab appeal and have housed thousands of smokers, the halls are dark and depressing. I'm not hard to please but I was somewhat disgusted when I had to sleep in the bed in my room. As for Waikiki, to get the same experience just go to a shopping mall or crowded beach. Though for some reason, its massively crowded and has its share of sleezy people.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid Don Ho Show at all costs After living on Oahu for several years, we have recently decided to try out some tourist activities on the island. This past weekend we decided to check out the Don Ho Show at the Waikiki Beachcomber. I can say this was, without a doubt, the worst performance I've ever been to. Don Ho is either senile or on drugs or alcohol, as he was unintelligible throughout the 3 hour show and kept forgetting the words to the songs and punchlines to the jokes. There was a lot of blue humor as well - I wasn't personally offended, but I was surprised at the jokes being told at a so-called family affair. The side entertainment featured a hula dancer, uke players and a painfully unfunny stand up comic. Approximately 25% of the audience (including ourselves) left before the end of the show because it was just too boring and painful to witness. We had discount tickets and we get to experience the beauty of Oahu every day, but I strongly urge anyone who has limited time in Hawaii to do something other than the Don Ho show. Stroll along the beach, go to a movie - just avoid seeing Don Ho.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Right in the Middle of Waikiki The hotel is right in the middle of Waikiki, a very good location is you want to be where it is happening. The hotel was clean and comfortable. The only thing I didn't like was the half shower, I would of perferred a bathtub and shower. I didn't like having to pay for the coffee and tea and the use of the room's safe. I had a delux oceanview room on the 16th floor. I didn't have a clear view of the beach because there are so many hotels on the beach. I was in walking distance to many restaurants and shopping. I would highly recommend eating at Duke's for breakfast, it's right across the street from the hotel.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JES130
<Content>Comfortable, convenient and quiet The Beachcomber was recommended by our travel agent based on our price and tourism goals. It was clean, convenient to our walking destinations and amazingly quiet. I would have thought we were the only ones there if we hadn't seen other visitors in the hallways, elevators and lobby. The staff was friendly and helpful. We were on the 23rd floor which was good because of the crowds on the sidewalk. I was concerned about crossing the street but there is a wide crosswalk right in front of the hotel. If you are into big shows, Don Ho, Blue Hawaii (Elvis) and the Magic of Polynesia shows are right in your hotel. Do remember to bring your own coffee or tea for the in room pot. There is a charge for theirs which is unusual. My main regret was that the decor was a bit anonymous. Other than two prints the room could have been anywhere. We were on the Diamond Head side which may not suit those who would like to sleep in as we had a good view of the sun coming up over the mountains. We were able to watch the surfers on Waikiki Beach. We booked through Pleasant Holidays and we had what we'd requested. Aloha!  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lstensler
<Content>No Frills Hotel But Clean If you are ok with your room being fair size, no plush furniture and no one waiting on you hand and foot, this is the hotel for you. It is right in the middle of Waikiki, within easy walking distance to catch The Bus. The beach is across the street and in back of other hotels and buildings. To the right of the hotel is the International Market and to the left is the restuarant, Top of Waikiki which is at least 25 stories atop a building and the restaurant revolves as you are eating so you get a very good view of the area. Our hotel room was on the 21st floor, three rooms in from the street and could hear a far amount of traffic noise if the glass slider was open. I do hope in the near future the hotel replaces their pillows as they are fairly flat, and using a second pillow really didn't help. When we first arrived to the room, upon opening the door, we smelled a very musky smell from the AC popping on. I soon remedied the problem by opening up the glass sliding door to the lani. Keeping the slider even cracked a bit at night helped with the smell. It was not a knock you over odor, just one you could pick up on. The front desk personnel were always pleasant . The personnel in the snack-gift shop were very pleasant and always inquired on how you were doing and asked what plans you had for the day. Just recently the hotel had the internet installed for it's patrons. They do have 3 desktops and they advertize you can receive a wireless connection from anywhere within the lobby.....I sure couldn't. I brought my laptop and sitting in the lobby area within 25 feet of the desktops, I could not get a signal. I had to move into the actual area where of course I received a solid signal. There are different packages you can purchase. If you want to pay as you go on the desktops, the charge is 15 cents per minute and there is a money slot which takes your money. If you use a credit card on the desktops, there is a minimum charge which I can't remember now what it was. I used my own lap top and had to connect to the local host which I did for $5.95 per 24 hour period. If you go over the 24 hour period, they will automaticly charge your credit/debit card again for another 24 hour period without notify you. I personally don't believe I did go over the 24 hour period but I'll give them the additional charge as it was my stupidity for not noting down the time I started. Three days later I decided to sign on again for another 24 hour period, noting my start time. When I got onto the internet I looked at my on-line checking, saw that I had been double charged. My advice if you are thinking about using a credit/debit card is to note down your time when you are on line and what days you are using the service. I did call their 800 number to talk to them about the extra charge and was connected to a overseas customer service person. I realized I was talking to someone overseas.....(I am not talking about someone in the US) when he gave me his name, his accent and the date and time he had given me when he looked up my account. He stated I had signed on at 1:30am the following day of when I actually had signed on and I actually had logged on in the late afternoon. He said he would try to get the charges changed. When I got home and looked at my on-line checking, the charges were fixed. BEWARE OF YOUR TIME AND DATES! When I talked to the hotel about the problem, they told me I would have to call the vendor supplying the service as they did not have anyone on site to help. The morning we left, we went over to the Waikiki shopping Center....(as you go out the hotel to the street, turn to your left and go to the next block. The Waikiki shopping center has an Internet cafe.....I believe the name was Bobo's Internet Cafe but I'm not 100% sure...it does start with a B. Go down stairs where all the fast food chains are and look to your left. Since this is an established business, they may have a better handle on charges and customer support. The trip was very good and now I know what to look out for and have my sense of what is in the area, I would most likely stay there as the location is excellent.....lots of shopping, the beach close and access to the city busses made it very convenient to get to were you wanted to go. Remember, this hotel has no frills but the rooms are a decent size, they are clean and the location is excellent. Aloha!  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would stay there again without a doubt We had a little difficulty finding where to park, we had to drive down an alley. When we went to the front desk we were upgraded to the deluxe ocean view on the 18th floor. The view was amazing and we were high enought that we did not hear the strip down below. The room was clean, big and quiet. From top to bottom a great hotel. Recommend getting up as high as possible and paying the extra money for deluxe ocean view.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swimswithsharks
<Content>What a great location I just returned from a different type of trip to Hawaii. I spent 2 days on Maui, and 16 days on Oahu. And instead of vacationing like any normal tourist, I arranged my itinerary around the attractions I wanted to see. I wanted to go to the Honolulu Zoo, so I stayed for a few days at a hotel across the street from it. I wanted to go to the International Market ( before it's torn down in 2005) so I stayed a few days at the Waikiki Beachcomber Hotel. And spent all my time at the post office and mailing center in the Royal Hawaiin Shopping Center across the street instead. I mailed souvenirs home to friends and relatives while I was still on vacation, so this hotel's location was just perfect for me. My lanai view was of the Royal hawaiin Hotel across the street, I love that old building, so I was happy to look out at it every day. The Waikiki Beachcomber lived up to my expectations in every way.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pattie-2004
<Content>I checked this hotel out for a future stay. Hmmmm, I just read a not-so-good review on the Waikiki Beachcomber Hotel. I was in Waikiki in February of this year and I took a walk over to this hotel to see what it is like. I am going to be staying there in November with my sister. I was able to check out two rooms, each in different categories, a standard and an ocean view room. A young gentleman at the front desk was nice enough to let me do this, explaining that I would be staying there this November. The rooms were nice enough and a decent size. All of the rooms have showers only. Not a big deal. I thought the lobby was very nice. It didn't appear to me to be run-down. There are shops in the lobby and the hotel has a couple of restuarants. There is a Macy's attached to the hotel. They have a pool, not on ground level. I am not at all disappointed that I will be staying here in November. In February, my husband and I stayed at the Waikiki Outrigger which is where my heart will always be. However, the trip in November was such that my sister and I had to pick from a list of hotels and the Outrigger was not on the list. The Beachcomber is just across the street from the Outrigger. The location is wonderful and getting to the beach will be easy. I think the Beachcomber is a good choice.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look elsewhere Shabby large hotel with absolutely no room service except for breakfast. Old tv, refrigerator didn't work. Only nice part is the pretty good location (near international marketplace and waikiki beach) and a meeting point for tours to meet etc. Being on top of Macy's is so so, look elsewhere unless you get a really good price here.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Surprise and Friendly Staff! We just got back yesterday from a splendid 1 week vacation at the Waikiki Beachcomber Hotel. Our stay at the Beachcomber was very relaxing and pleasant. We booked a partial ocean-view room and the view was excellent! We were able to see part of the city, part of Diamond Head, and a wide view of the ocean. I must commend the front desk ladies who helped us with our questions and practically pointed us to the right direction. They even called the car rental company and reserved a car for us when needed. Our rooms were always cleaned when we indicated it to be cleaned. Towels were changed everyday to our discretion. About location, I don't think it can be any better than this! It was across the street to an entrance to the beach. It was steps away from the International Market Place where we spent a lot of time shopping and haggling prices, and eating at the different varieties of foods at the food court. Other shopping were a few blocks away. Everything was great! I certainly would stay at the Waikiki Beachcomber Hotel when I go back to Oahu.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value We just got back from Honolulu after a glorious two-week vacation. The reason we gave the Beachcomber an above average rating is that it was a great economical hotel. If you are looking for a hotel with a fancy entry way, upscale boutiques and someone waiting on you hand and foot, I would not stay here, but if you are looking for a clean, close to all amenities hotel, we would recommend this one. They provide a small fridge, and a coffee maker. They do charge for coffee, but just buy your own coffee at the grocery store and use their coffee maker. The only negative things we can think of is that the elevators were a bit slow and they didn?t offer in-room movies. Other than that, we got what we paid for. ALOHA.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HATED it! I paid a $150 deposit (3mos in advance) for a non-smoking room. Upon arrival, only smoking rooms were available. Since it was ProBowl weekend, the hotel was sold out and no effort was made to relocate me. Ultimately, I spent the night trying to get some sleep on 2 lawn chairs out on the balcony. Not an easy task due to night air wreaking of old wok grease and noise pollution akin to New York City. The Beachcomber charges for EVERYTHING -- including PARKING. That's right -- registered guests pay a special rate of $8 per day! You pay for phone calls, use of the safe, $2 for instant coffee in your room ($1 for tea) and, at the dining room, you even pay for soda pop refills! Fortunately, we were able to relocate to a motel off the beaten path, thereby salvaging my first trip to Hawaii. If I can spare ONE person from wasting his or her hard-earned vacation money on this hotel, then I've done my job.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel worth a stay Just back from Oahu 1/23-30/2004, and our stay at the Beachcomber was a pleasant surprise. We had read some poor reviews (after) we had booked our room and thought we might be in for trouble. No fear, the staff at the front desk was very pleasant and informative. We had a room on the 14th floor and had an ocean view looking between two beachfront hotels. The hotel is very popular with Japanesse tourists, even the escalators are reversed(going up was on the left). The pool was small (about 20 x 35) but you are only a few hundred feet from the ocean. Things can be pricey if you don't check around and use coupons. The best breakfast bufffet is across the street at Duke's and it is also a great place for veiwing the sunset. The only reason I didn't give the hotel an above average rating is for the shows that it houses, if your not someone who has seen major productions they could be allright, however if your not a young clubber there's not much to do at night once you've walk the main street and have seen the street entertainers(a few are pretty good). So I guess a dinner show is one way to spend a night. The only downer I found in all of Oahu were all the people hawking timeshares (they really became anoying) I'm told if you walk seprately they don't bother you. (I'll be damned if I did that)  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In Waikiki, it's all about location   showReview(1624093, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waikiki Beachcomber -- Decent   showReview(1623134, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Fun!   showReview(1537647, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NFTTravels
<Content>If you have to stay in Waikiki the Waikiki Beachcomber is good value.   showReview(1537084, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Front desk staff horror   showReview(1501776, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really like the place   showReview(1492495, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, Perfect location   showReview(1489158, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sparky73
<Content>Perfect combination   showReview(1346420, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Definitely Stay There Again   showReview(1342363, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Want to be in the middle of it all?   showReview(920142, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏀硅娓堛伩銇с偔銉偆   showReview(22855171, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銈儯銉冦偡銉?> 銈儯銉冦偡銉?</a> </div>
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂鎶滅兢锛?#x201d;   showReview(21288810, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>whochang
<Content>妤姐仐銇勩偡銉с兗銇岃銈夈倢銇俱仚锛?#x201d;       銉囥偅銉娿兗銇儭銉嬨儱銉?/a>  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alohasmile
<Content>渚垮埄銇珛鍦?#x201d;   showReview(21132576, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>琛椾腑銇т究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(21744536, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鎶滅兢銇с仚   showReview(20753014, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇岃壇銇勩仹銇欙紒   showReview(20752729, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sedona1001
<Content>銉撱兗銉併伨銇с仚銇愶紒   showReview(19591056, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄绔嬪湴   showReview(19172261, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉斻兂銈般伀鏈€閬?#x201d;   showReview(19169177, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸渚垮埄銇倱銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19168847, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(19168507, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄锛侊紒   showReview(19167991, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>DFS銇繎銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19167972, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ仹銇繀銇氥亾銇儧銉嗐儷銇粸鍦ㄣ仐銇俱仚   showReview(19167530, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銉忋儻銈ゃ伅鏈€楂樸仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19166872, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併偝銉炪兗銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19166019, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣   showReview(19165992, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣   showReview(19165991, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇姕缇?#x201d;   showReview(19162643, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銈掓ソ銇椼個銇伅銈傘仯銇︺亾銇勩伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19162274, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐鐫€寰屻€併儧銉嗐儷銇伅...   showReview(21802630, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉夈偔銉笺伄鎰熷害銇屻倐...   showReview(21802601, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇珛鍦?#x201d;   showReview(19929970, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛撲笘浠ｃ仹銇梾琛屻仩銇ｃ仧...   showReview(19927922, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濮嬨倎銇︺伄銉忋儻銈ゆ梾琛屻仩...   showReview(19927585, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾鏈€杩戙伄銈儶銈广優銈?..   showReview(19926727, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銆侀浜?..   showReview(19926390, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇倧銈娿伀绔嬪湴銇仺...   showReview(19926347, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩偣銈裤儢銇屽皬銇曘亸銆併伨...   showReview(19925778, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姣嶃亴銇撱仭銈夈仹銈勩仯銇︺亜...   showReview(19925443, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€杩戙伅銇俱仯銇︺亜銈嬨儧銉?..   showReview(19923568, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉仺銉曘儵銈ゃ儓銈掗伕...   showReview(19922491, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇偡銉с儍銉斻兂銈?..   showReview(19922152, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅绔嬪湴銇屾渶...   showReview(19921731, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伕瀹舵棌銇ц銇ｃ仸...   showReview(19921567, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銉勩偄銉笺€€3娉?鏃?..   showReview(19920351, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕嬨仧鐩伅澶с亶銇儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19919200, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏堟棩鐭ヤ汉銇祼濠氬紡銇仐...   showReview(19918517, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伅锛撳洖鐩仹銇欍亴...   showReview(19916958, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

