<Author>itraveltotravel
<Content>Quiet, comfy, free Wi-Fi I've been staying at this hotel for several nights and am writing this review from their room while on my laptop just before I check out! There is 100% free wireless internet (ask at reception for the code) which you can access in your room - so it's perfect if you want to combine business with sightseeing.The staff are friendly and speak English. I chose a double room with a shared toilet and shower, never had to wait to use either and both were clean. The room I chose was actually quite large by Parisian standards (maybe because it hasn't got a bathroom) - there is room for a desk, open wardrobe, comfy double bed, two bedside tables, phone, a washing basin, luggage rack and safe, and still room to do sit-ups! The safe was deep enough to fit my 15-inch laptop. The room overall was very clean, fresh and tidy.Cons are few. The lift is rickety and gives an almighty jolt as it hits your floor which was disconcerting, and the breakfast is, in my opinion, overpriced so I didn't choose it (there are many restaurants and creperies outside and it's very close to the Blvd Haussmann and several Metro/bus stops). Also, the TV doesn't have English cable channels, but this is no big deal when there's so much to see outside (and free internet). But if you're with kids, don't channel surf at night as you may get a surprise - it appears some of the more adult channels are not censored.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>DwayneDibley
<Content>Good Value I spent three nights at this Hotel in December for a getaway with my girlfriend. As most of the other reviews state, the rooms aren't huge, but are perfectly adequate given the price. Rooms were cleaned every day and were well heated.The location isn't too bad- a couple of Metro stations within 5 minutes and the centre of town within walking distance.The staff were universally friendly and can speak sufficient English.The rooms were advertised locally as being 160 Euros per night; the hotel doesn't justify this sort of money. I booked via an intermediary on the internet and paid considerably less as part of a package. At approximately 50 Euros per night, the place is outstanding value. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to a friend and would happily stay there again in the event of my returning to Paris.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ae398
<Content>very good hotel for those on a small budget stayed for 4 nights in a double with shared bathroom. room was small but very clean and cosy. outside bathroom was always clean and i never had to wait to use it.staff speak english and are very helpful.you can leave bags before check-in (3pm) and after check out (12pm).Le Peletier metro is 2mins walk awayHard rock cafe is 5 mins away.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SouthamFabrice
<Content>Really nice hotel and good location After hours of web searching trying to elimiate all the bad and average hotels I found the Hotel Monte Carlo. The good reviews convinced me it could the one...and it was. My wife and I can only recommend this lovely hotel. Clean, friendly staff, nice decor, decent room size (bathroom was big)....all in all a pleasant stay. Do not hesitate.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Limmon
<Content>Great Value Hotel Nice, cheap and conveniently located hotel.The staff were friendly and the rooms while not big were by no means small. The bathroom was a comfortable size and the hotel was clean. I did not eat breakfast there as I would rather get out and about and have my breakfast in one of the many local cafes.It was only a 30 min walk from theLourve and with the Metro station almost by the door you were never far from anywhere. Would definitely recommend it to those on a budget.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Octofuzz
<Content>Not bad at all Good location, 5 minutes walk to a Metro station and 30 minute walk to the Louvre. The rooms were clean and the hotel staff friendly. The hotel was maybe a little expensive without breakfast but considering its location its comparitively cheap. My big moan about this was that the bathroom had a clear window that backed onto a buisness, this required various creative ways of blocking up the window to get some privacy when having a shower. Overall however not bad,  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cybergrrl6
<Content>Great value, great staff       Hotel Monte Carlo  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>maria035
<Content>Absolutely perfect! I choosed this hotel because the previous guests had a good experiance here, and I also wanted to find a place diffent from banal, usual, pale white walls in the room of any ordinary two stars hotel in Paris. Paris is an unforgetable capital and this hotel, named Monte Carlo, is remarkable! To describe it is to repeat again and again the other reviews. For me this place was bright and elegant, very warm and cosy. The theme of the hotel is cats ( they are everythere from entrance to the breakfast room. I suppose the owners adore them.) I brief, It was an absolutely great stay!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VidaLocaRanch
<Content>Small like in 'tiny'? First of all, I have never prepaid a hotel in full before I COULD EVEN SEE MY ROOM. Company policy, I was told. I did not like that at all.Then, small is being redefined here. We traveled by car, fortunately, we were able to leave suitcases and purchases in the car. Otherwise we'd have to choose: us or the suitcases in the room. On the plus side, they gave us room 203 which is quiet. The location is ok, yet there are no nice restaurants close. The place is clean. But for the money I'd like a couple of m2 more.The reviews here are overrated in my view.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>blhappypets
<Content>Loved location, staff My boyfriend and I were on a European vacation, and this was our first place without our friends, and on our own with our French (luckily, I speak it, unfortunately, not that well). They staff was so nice (especially the woman at the front desk with the long blonde hair). We had a quiet room (interior, not facing the street). Comfortable room, clean bathroom/shower, maybe this is the norm, but free adult channels? Just an FYI. Free Wi-Fi in the lobby, and we did not have the breakfast there, we ventured out (excellent places nearby). I would return in a heartbeat to this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>HelenBristol
<Content>Nice little hotel I booked this hotel because it had fab reviews  was within my budget. I spent 4 nights at dream castle hotel (we did the Disney experience)  2 nights at Monte Carlo hotel visiting the tourist sights. The hotel was very easy to locate from Disney. RER to Auber then metro to Le Pelitier (not sure if spelt that right!) anyway it is pink line. Hotel is on a lovely little street with loads of resturants. The Japanese resturant is great so is Pizza place. We were in room 202 on 2nd floor. I must admit when we entered the room there was a musty smell. I think this is coming from bathroom which had no extractor fan just a small barred window which was left open. We had our own bathroom which had a bath with a shower over it. There was a separate shower cubicle in corner of bathroom but it was not in use. There is a safe in room which is handy  also a lift as well as the stairs. I was expecting 3 single beds but I got what I thought was a double  2 singles. Actually my bed was 2 singles pushed together. I found this out half way thro night as my beds started to seperate!!!!!!!!!!! but I can't complain as I was expecting 3 singles. The receptionists are great, very friendly indeed. There is a great Hardrock cafe just at end of street. This hotel is so convenient for metro  tourist spots. Great for visiting Louvre  Pompidou centre as both are just a couple of stops on pink line. Hotel stored our bags on our last day as our flight was 9.55pm. I paid 258 euro for 2 nights for 3 people (triple room) not sure if this is bargain but as a single parent I felt very safe travelling alone with my kids. Lastly there is an amazing bakery just down the street which I purchased our breakfast from. Try the apricot pastry thing it is gert lush!!!!!!!!!!!!! I consumed 3 in 2 days!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>East-House
<Content>Small but beautifully formed Nobody should ever expect a Two Star Hotel in Montmartre to be a perfect hotel, but this comes pretty close. The reviews already posted give an accurate description of what to expect.As you approach the hotel, your heart may sink a bit as you spot an Irish looking theme bar (it isn鈥檛) and a busy street - but have faith! The welcome is charming, the small foyer peaceful and there is a ready willingness to store bags and give advice. We had an en-suite room at the back of the hotel and, as everywhere else, it was spotless. The cost was 鈧?5 per night for a double room. Having stayed in many Parisian hotels over many years, we did not expect big rooms 鈥?the difference was that this had a very comfortable bed and was remarkably quiet. One can always hear something from adjoining rooms in a hotel but, apart from the heavy doors shutting, this was about as quiet as it gets in Paris. Air conditioning would be pleasant but there was a tower fan, which kept us cool enough at night. I have to say that I liked the unusual colour scheme though will not replicate it at home! We did not have breakfast in the hotel, preferring to sit at a street cafe (many to choose from) just yards away.Montmartre is a super base for exploring, and the hotel ideally situated with Le Peletier metro station just around the corner. If you haven鈥檛 been before, do go to the Chartier restaurant, just up the road at 7 Rue du Faubourg. Fairly average food, cheap prices, Basil Fawlty service but a terrific atmosphere.Unless we win the lottery, this is where we will be staying next time 鈥?and we鈥檝e never said that about a hotel in Paris before!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PVH068
<Content>loved it! I loved this hotel, its location and the area around! Very convenient and central that means two steps away it is Opera, fashionable shops, tourist buses with crowds of people and nearby I found a quiet street with a french restaurant that serves local food. In the morning I had breakfast in hotel. I would tell that it was a french breakfast like the parians take it every day: croissant of boulangerie, a cup of coffee or chocolate. Not expensive recarding quality and price.The room I occupied was on the second floor giving to the street side. I don't have any complains about noise as I returned to the hotel very late and tired, and I slept very well. The room size was ok, Paris is known for expensive sqare meter and small rooms.In the hotel corridors I saw lots of old paris photos, interesting and funny. The room doors are amazing: big sqares of differnt colours. The hotel elevator impressed me a lot. It was a magnificent big mirrow inside. The elevators in Paris that I saw before were very old, narrow and ugly. The last touch was the entrance doors with brown wooden cats and two little cats in the aquarium with golden fishes in reception hall.I would recommend this hotel to my friends and everybody!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Julka
<Content>Nice little hotel       The TV  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>nduk
<Content>Excellent  I booked this hotel on the basis of reviews on Tripadvisor and because it fit my budget. I was not disappointed!I had a room on the top floor facing a courtyard to the rear, which considering it was central Paris was extremely quiet. I make a point of always having earplugs in order to get a good nights sleep - I was pleasantly surprised that I didn't need them once and was able to sleep with the window open.The room I booked had a shared shower and toilet, which I was a bit apprehensive about, but it was really not an issue. The shared facilities were scrupulously clean, and there never seemed to be anyone else using them.The decor of the room was interesting (eclectic perhaps!) but it was very comfortable. As a solo traveller I arrived expecting to be put in a tiny room, but no - it was a decent size with a double bed.The neighbourhood feels very safe, and the hotel is literally steps from the metro (Cadet) and easily walkable from Gare du Nord.Tripadvisor speaks the truth - this hotel is an excellent find!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gringaviajera
<Content>incredible find I hate to tell everyone about this hotel because I don`t want it to be full when I go back to Paris, but they deserve this review. We stayed in a room with a bathroom on the third floor. We couldn`t have been happier. The room was airy with good windows(don`t know how hot it would be in the summer since I didn`t see an air conditioner). It was super clean, simple decoration, small, but enough room for us and even had a closet and a safe box. The hotel has the best location...lots of little stores and restaurants close by that are open til late. The staff was friendly and professional, always helpful. This is really the ideal place to stay in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ivanoff123
<Content>The hotel that does not resemble to others Me and my husband had a 6 night stay in this hotel and we want to share our great experiance with others. Hotel Monte Carlo is geografically in the center and we could reach practically all the nice places by walking. It was a big advantage for us. This hotel is probably not so big like many chain hotels, but it keeps its unique parisian authenticity and charm. We felt that we were the welcome quests and not just one of hundreds tourist couples in Paris. Thomas, the manager, was very helpful and gave us good suggestions to explore Paris and to have a good dinner . We learned also that the hotel has its long interesting history and a french writer lived and created his book in hotel Monte Carlo.We would recommend this place to others, as the hotel is exceptional and Paris is worth while visiting at least once in live.Mrs and Mr Ivanoff  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>superEmy
<Content>Brilliant Hotel, look no further! We had a great experiance and 5 wonderful days in this hotel. The communication when booking over e-mail was good, easy and quick. We booked a double room / 135 eur for night. The room was comfortable and nicely decorated, adaquate for two of us with good bed , the bathroom was clean too. The staff speak good English and very helpful. Perfect location, 2 subway stations and good restaurants, bars, shops nearby.Conclusion: beautiful hotel, excellant stay and very good value for money! We will definately be going back and recommending it to all our friends.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ConnedByMonteCarlo
<Content>Rip off Stay away Booked this hotel for 2 nights through [-], due to work commitments I had to return home early. I make a cancellation request through lastminute.com which sent me an automated email stating that I will be charge 20 pounds for cancellation which I accepted due to the problem coming from me. The cancellation was made at 1pm 2 days before the check in date. lastminute.com sent me an email stating that I had missed the 48 hours before checkin time and ask me to call the hotel. I am not sure what happen between the 2 hotels but in the end I was charged the full rate for the 2 nights. lastminute.com asked me to call the hotel to check, I spoke to the manager who asked me to call lastminute.com customer service. What I can say this it is a rip off with finger pushing.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>EuroFloyd
<Content>Great Paris hotel Hotel Monte Carlo is a welcoming, clean and convenient place to stay for those wanting to enjoy Paris on a budget. Though small, our room was clean and decorated in a contemporary style. It included a televsion, phone and hairdryer. We opted to save money by sharing a shower and toilet with others in stead of ensuit and this worked out well. We also had a basin in the room. The best thing about this hotel was the friendly and helpful staff who made us feel welcome and helped us with directions.It also felt safe and there was no noise from other rooms or from outside.For local places to eat try some bistros off the main street as those tend to be tourist traps and not so good value for money.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thelimopit
<Content>Just perfect I'm really glad I found this site, and took the time to find a hotel with decent reviews. Hotel Monte Carlo was exceptional.To save money we booked a room without ensuite facilities, which meant we had to share a toilet/shower with other people (not at the same time though). But the room was great, and we didn't seem to be sharing with too many other people.The staff were very friendly and helpful, had good local knowledge and were happy to point us in the right direction. The decor was unique but tasteful, and the room was small but cosy.And the location is utterly perfect, we managed to walk to the Louvre and the Pompidou Centre on day one, and the Eiffel Tower and the Arc d'triomphe on the second day. They were quite long walks, but you get to see the city without walking in any dodgy areas  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Acasto
<Content>Great place to stay! We had a 9 night鈥檚 stay in this hotel and we spent a good time there. The location is great with 2 subways within 5 min walking. Lots of restaurants and snack bars nearby. Two steps away you find a small supermarket, open till late at night, a little bit expensive but it could be a solution if you do not have toothpaste.As for the sightseeing, it's great. Opera is at 10 min max by foot, where you can catch a red bus to make a city tour. Till Eiffel Tower and Louvre there is a direct subway line. For shopping it鈥檚 impossible to imagine a better place, the famous shopping center La Fayette with its chick, very expensive boutiques or accesible fashion brands ( I mean that in any case you will find something to your taste and your budget) is in front of Opera.Now, about the hotel itself. You can occupy the room from 15:00 but you have the possibility to leave the bags at the reception and see Paris all the day. The room is very clean and morden, decorated in bright colours. In our room we had a flat screen TV with ALL channels free, free safe box, hair dryer and ensuit bathroom. The hotel breakfast that we had every day was not bad with good french croissans. The font desk staff is very helpful, polite, they are always available for any explication and speak good english. We recognize, it is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>CanariesPA
<Content>an affordable find Given prices and service in Paris, it is nice to report on a nice find suitable for a range of travellers. I stayed for one night in March, traveling alone, and stayed in the cheapest room. I was pleased to find it of adequate size (I've stayed in smaller rooms, esp in London BBs, for more money), very clean, and well organized in terms of furniture, etc. It had a sink and the toilet and shower rooms were across the hall. (I'm not sure how many there were on the floor - I didn't have to compete for their use, but in the high season this might be an issue.) These were also very small, but likewise clean. The front desk service was excellent - very welcoming, bi (or probably tri or quad-) lingual, and helpful in giving restaurant etc recommendations. The neighborhood is convenient rather than fashionable, but seems safe enough and has a fair array of restaurants within 2 blocks of the hotel. There are a large # of Asian restaurants in the area, I noticed; and a late night convenience store perhaps 1 block south of the hotel. The nearest Metro stop is only a block away but other lines aren't far; I walked from Gare du Nord, and this was about 20 minutes, a straight line down Rue de Lafayette. I didn't have breakfast, though the price seemed a bit steep for what was on offer and what's available at local boulangeries. All in all, I think this was a very good find at the price, and would recommend it as a nice foothold for a night or two in Paris.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>pinnacle306
<Content>Small, but clean and really great location! This small and clean hotel is located between the metro stations: Le Peletier, Notre-Dame de-Lorette and Grands Boulevards, which gives you access to the trains number 7,8,9 and 12. Pigalle and Sacre Coeur are in walking distance, nevertheless a metro day pass is a smart investment. There are great restaurants and caf茅s nearby, ranging from budget to high end. Later ones are easily found near Grands Boulevards station. The kitchens are open way past midnight even on week days. Our room on the 4th floor was very quiet. There was little noise coming from the street. Renovations on the outside are on the way, so the hotel may get noisy during daytime, but seriously, who spends the day in the room, when you're in Paris?I would certainly stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>HJ123
<Content>Convenient location, good value Good location, friendly atmosphere and helpful staff make this the perfect place for business travellers in Paris. I stayed for 2 nights and was very satisfied. I would recommend it to my collegues and friends.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>fzemma
<Content>Great find! This is a very nice hotel. It's quite lovely. Clean and nicely furnished. A great merci to the staff, who were very courteous and helpful at all times. And a special thank-you to the maid who carefully arranged our bed every day!We had a lovely room with a nice bathroom and absolutely no complaints. We would recommend this hotel for it's convenience, location and price. And, we would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>aljung
<Content>Great Hotel Great location- near few metro station. The rooms are small by American standards but very clean.A short walk from everywhere. Mass transport and shopping are nearby.It was a welcome place to come home to when sightseeing in Paris.I purchased this as a package deal so I didn't pay full price. The hotel had excellent service. Free wi-fi (many nearby hotels charge a LOT extra) I was greeted by name by some staff. I am very likely to return to the Montecarlo Hotel. I would definitely recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fh1234
<Content>Avg hotel despite rave reviews Very average hotel despite the reviews. The people working at the hotel were friendly. but the rooms were really really small, the bathroom was kind of dirty, with a small shower with a mildew covered shower curtain that hugged you everytime you had a shower. Plus it got really really hot at night with the heat, and you had to open up the windows which faced a dirty little area between the buildings. The hotel serves its purpose if you are out all day and only come back to sleep, which is what we were looking for. My main problem with this hotel was that the bathroom was not clean when we went in.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>HelenD020
<Content>Loved this hotel! I love Paris and I come rather often. This time I came to see my parisian friends and stayed at hotel Monte Carlo for 5 nights. It was a realy nice stay. On my arrival I was greeted very warmly with a smile that in Paris is a rare thing. The room was clean and warm ( it was rather cold outside) and the daily room service women were very polite, asking me if I wished my room to be cleaned. They did not disturb without need. I felt very comfortable there. There is no need to tell that the location is perfect. A lot of touristic places of interest are situated nearby. But as for me, I prefer to explore the steets with a lot of small pretty boutiques and to take a creamy coffee in tipically parisian bistros and cafes. I appraciated a lot all the staff. I will stay here again and I will recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ravina
<Content>Great Location, Friendly Staff, Clean rooms We booked the hotel with www.booking.com. We came for a busy weekend break where we were out early in the morning and back late in the evenings. We therefore found the hotel's 24 hour open policy very beneficial. The hotel was clean, the rooms were adequate with a telephone and tv (not a small one), a shower and a toilet. The hotel was very brilliantly located, 2 minutes from a metro. The staff was friendly and spoke fluent English. as we literally just used the hotel for the purposes of somewhere to sleep it would have been more appropriate to get a slightly cheaper accomodation as the hotel was a bit pricey for our purposes. however it was centrally located. we walked to Sacre-course in 30mins through lively streets. on the opposite end we went to the opera house and the academy of music. fairly good shopping within 10 mins of the area by walking. I would recommend this hotel to young couples and anyone who wants to stay somewhere well located.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ainol-Razman
<Content>Comfortable, convenient and good value       triple bedroom with 2 single and 1 queen size bed  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Travellers095
<Content>Absolutely great stay! This hotel is a real find. We were not wrong, it was a very good decision to book a room there! All of the good reviews of the hotel Monte Carlo are correct. It is excellent value, perfect location, and wonderful staff.Our room was ideal. Reasonable size (for Paris) and clean bathroom. Street side room but good double paned windows kept it quiet. Bed was very comfortable. Just what we needed after walking all day long. Free internet connection at the reception. We didn鈥檛 bring our lab tab but just nearby of the hotel there is an internet spot. Location, as many have noted, is a real plus. We were able to walk comfortably in any direction. Opera and Galleries La Fayette is a just 5 minite walk to make shopping for Christmas. Absolutely great stay!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>kiwikidNewZealand
<Content>A home away from home in Paris This is a wonderful small hotel in an excellent location, close to the Opera Garnier and Grand Boulevards. I stayed here for seven nights in november this year. The hospitality and courtesy from the staff was superb,welcoming and nothing was too much trouble. They put their guests first and it was a home away from home. A very busy noisy street but with the double glazing on the windows, it was no problem. Rooms vary in size so best to inquire which would suit your needs best. Some have ensuite and some without bathroom which is in the hallway. The street has a number of good cafes plus a small night market and the metro Peletier is only a five minute walk away. Thanks to Thomas and his staff, I will definitely stay there again next time in Paris.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>SaraandAnna
<Content>Loved it ! My mother and I spent 4 days here and loved it! Our room was on the second floor with the windows overlook to street but this was not at all a problem. It was quiet ! The room had a desk, good firm bed, safe box, good hot shower, clean sheets and towels: the principle things for a hotel room. For us the most important was location. The hotel is situated within a walking distance to the Opera and main shopping centers and till the avenue Champs Elysse, it is 15 min by metro and it is a direct line. We found it very convienient!  All the days we were out visitig Paris, small parisian cafes , galleries and restraunts, so we had no time to watch TV. Lobby person who greeted us was very helpful and friendly. He gave us a map and pointing out the attractions we shouldn't miss in the area. Staff is courteous and efficnient. We would definetly return here!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FMAM
<Content>Good Hotel I booked this according to the reviews is TAThe positive aspects are that the hotel is near restaurants, bakeries and a small supermarket. The staff are very nice and helpful and speak fluent English. Me and my wife stayed in a double + bath and shower.The room was clean with a flat screen. The size of the room was acceptable. It has a heater and a small fan (no AC).The bathroom was also OK, standard nothing special.The things that I disliked, was that first of all the parking is a bit far from the hotel. It costs 27 euros for 24 hours. I stayed in anothe hotel in Paris and the parking lot asked me to stamp the parking ticket from the hotel and charged me 12 euros/24 hrs.The hotel location is a bit far from the Champs and Eiffel, for the same price I can get a hotel 5 min walking to the Champs. The view from the window was to a junkyard in between a couple of buildings. What I really disliked is the channels they were viewing at night. First of all, all the channels were in French, at night 3-4 change to adult channels. I was glad that I didn`t bring the kids with me or else they would of had a room by themselves and might seen this crap. In general, the price I spent (130 euros from Venere) was too much for the room and hotel. It deserves 90-100 euros per night maximum.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>il0veparis
<Content>Perfect location and cosy hotel! My husband and I stayed here a few days ago and loved it! The location was excellent, near loads of shops, restaurants, bars and cafes. This hotel is different from many parisian hotels. It is lovely and very friendly.We really enjoyed cosy atmosphere at the hotel: comfy, simply and nicely done room, perfect location (situated very close to the subway) .The owner of the hotel was extremely helpfull and friendly, giving us useful ideas and advices on the places to visit in Paris. The room was exactly like on the photos: clean and with lovely colours. It was not very big but quite enouth for two of us. Now really we advice this place to all our friends. Next time visiting Paris there won鈥檛 be a question for us where to stay. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Writerwriter
<Content>OK but I can't see why it has all these rave reviews I was surprised at the rave reviews this hotel has had. Yes, it was clean and very near a metro stop and the staff were pleasant and friendly (although we hardly saw the same people twice in our three day stay). It was also warm. We had a quiet room that overlooked a dingy courtyard although the walls were very thin leading to the other rooms. But I am afraid I found it quite uncomfortable. The room was very small and oddly shaped, the colour scheme was extraordinary, the woodwork was dark brown the carpet also dark brown, the walls were very dark green or very dark purple so it felt like walking into a gloomy cupboard. The TV only got French channels. The lights were dim and I found it quite hard to read in bed. After dark there was no chance of writing anything at the very narrow desk which was pushed against the far wall, just no lighting there at all. The double bed was 2 narrow singles pushed together, which developed a gap in the middle by the end of the night. We didn't want to spend the evenings there at all and felt a bit banished to the rainy streets! The bathtub was gnome sized, and the floor had a pronounced slope. We didn't try the breakfast as it looked a bit dull but we did find a great boulangerie patisserie just a few steps to the right in rue de Provence. You can sit down and have coffee, fresh orange juice a tartine and a croissant or pain chocolat etc for 6.50 euros there. Beware it was shut weekends! In fact the whole area was a bit dead at weekends. It's a rather workaday area of Paris with a lot of philately shops, a little road of food stores (rue Cadet). It's not too far from the Folies Bergere and some Jewish shops. And also a lovely chocolate shop in rue Provence. But it's not exactly a thrll a minute, nowhere you can sit around really and nothing much to see. I much prefer staying on the left bank. Given that it was a very tiny hotel with odd shaped rooms in a dull street, the owners have done pretty well with it and they have tried to make it individual. I guess what I am saying is that it is not any kind of a boutique hotel if you were expecting it to be and somehow from the photos I thought it would be. Oh well.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Danna074
<Content>Beautiful and friendly hotel! We were looking for a nice hotel in a cenral part of Paris, not far from subway and we choosed Hotel Monte Carlo in the Opera area. It was a good choice. No regret, only good things to tell. First of all the hotel is very well located near the opera house, big shopping centers and nice restaurants. Good, quiet room. The heater was hot and there was a lot hot water in shower. Daily room service.A good staff that will help you at any time. It鈥檚 open 24 hours.It鈥檚 a good quality hotel. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chjenny
<Content>a very good hotel! We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and confirm that it is a very good hotel. We booked 2 rooms: a double room with ensuite bath for 150 Euros for a night for my parents and a double with shower and toilette on the floor for 80 Euros for a night for me and my husband. When we arrived it was very early to check in. My mother was very tired and she prefered to wait at the reception. When we were back she was already in the room. After she told me that the man at the reception was very kind and took care of her. Besides there are lots of books at the reception! Our rooms were on the top floor, facing street and back sides but both were quiet. They were fresh and newly renovated. A very good thing about this hotel , especially for my parents, is a lift, because for Paris it鈥檚 rare. Everything was very clean. The rooms were made daily.I will advise this hotel to the friends and everybody who appreciate good quality and friendly attitude!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>itsumo_no
<Content>clean and friendly perfect location, few mins walk to metro with lots of cafes, bars, bakeries etc close by, including a fantastic vegetarian restaurant about 6 doors down on same street (cant remember the name of it noe, though!). very clean rooms(clean beds,sheets,bathroom etc), my room faced a side street and was very quiet. very friendly staff, would highly recommend, the perfect hotel for the price!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>franco037
<Content>Great hotel! I have stayed in this hotel just for 2 days and I would be glad to stay more but I had to leave Paris to continue my business trip.If I tell that my stay was great, the hotel was clean anb breakfast was good, I would just repeat the opinions of others. I would tell thanks to all the hotel staff who cleaned my room, took care of the bags at the reception on my departure and tried to make my stay comfortable and pleasant. I will recommend hotel Monte Carlo to my best friends! Merci!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happytravellers90
<Content>We will be back for New Year鈥檚 holiday! Me and my husband love Paris, this romantic city , and now we have follen in love with hotel Monte Carlo. We have spent a wonderful one week stay there. They welcomed us with smile from the first day. They were eager to help us. The front desk staff speak English and give Paris map. Hotel was very clean and in a good spot. It's 10 minute walk from Opera and 20 minute walk from Montmartre. In the area of hotel there lots of restaurants and bars, small and big shops.The breakfast was very good with a great variety of choice and it is served till 11 a.m.. We loved a lot the hotel decoration: fresh juicy colours make the place expressive and exeptional. In the breakfast hall and reception we saw a lot statue and paintings of cats, I think for cat lovers it鈥檚 the ideal place.We hope to be back for New Year鈥檚 holiday. Great place!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanuckTraveller07
<Content>Wonderful Stay at Hotel Monte Carlo       Breakfast room at Hotel Monte Carlo  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sarah095
<Content>I would stay here again! My boyfriend and I have just returned from Paris. We stayed for four nights at the Monte Carlo hotel and would agree that the rooms were clean and simply but nicely decorated. The maids came in daily to clean and to change the towels. The staff were most helpful. The gentlemen at the front desk were always friendly and helped a lot with places to visit and the restaurants to eat . I would stay there every time I visit this lovely city. A safe, nice hotel!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anna_von_M
<Content>Dazed and Confused Having read the reviews on Tripadvisor and hoping to find a nice budget hotel in Paris for my next visit, I contacted the hotel directly. The rooms were available and I decided to go ahead with the booking. First of all, I was asked to provide my bank card number INCLUDING the security code at the back of the card... I NEVER give out such information, especially at the hotels or small businesses, where chances of fraud are paramount! Anybody can access this information which is stored in the hotel's books forever and steal the card information and this happens left, right and center! Without the security code, I was told, the hotel could not take my booking. Well, I regularly make reservations at various hotels all over the world and I was never asked to provide such level of security information. Secondly, the hotel do not accept Visa Debit card. They only accept credit cards. As I do not have credit cards but used my Visa Debit for years all over the world without ANY problem whatsoever, I was extremely surprised as to why Hotel Monte Carlo would not take my Visa as a guarantee of my booking. They did, however, suggest that I could transfer the money via Western Union (no way!) or make an inter-bank transfer which would add at least 20% on top of the total amount. Alternatively, the hotel suggested they take the first night's payment to see if the card works but this amount would not be refundable. I live in London and go to Paris regularly, at least once every 2-3 months. I have never had such problems in Paris or ANYWHERE in the world before so this experience is rather confusing. Thankfully, there are many other hotels in Paris which do not give such hassle to their potential guests.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler581
<Content>Great Experience and Friendly, Clean Hotel We stayed at the Hotel Monte Carlo for a few days and would definitely recommend it. The hotel front desk staff spoke very good English and was very, very helpful. Thomas was especially helpful. They gave us great suggestions on what to see and where to eat/drink. The hotel is in a great location and there are alot of restaurants and shops nearby. There is also a little grocery store right across the street to stock up on food and water. There are two metro stations very close to the hotel which was really convenient. The hotel is also about 10-15 minutes by foot from the Louvre.The room is small, but was very clean. Our room also had a bathroom which was small, but nice and clean. You may want to make sure that your room has a bathroom before you book (if that matters to you). The interior walls are a little thin, but not bad. The window to the street blocks out almost all of the street noise, which was very nice. We really didn't have an issue with noise at all. Paris is a great city and we loved it. I would definitely stay at the Monte Carlo again!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>calderara
<Content>I would recommend it to a friend! In Paris there are millions of hotels but to find a good one could be a problem! It was not my first visit to Paris but it was the first time I have stayed in this hotel. Hotel Monte Carlo is a true gem in the heart of Paris. I appreciated best of all a good quality service. My room was nicely done and cleaned daily and the staff at reception speaks english and was very helpful.I 鈥榲e got a room with shower on the third floor on the street side. It was clean, quiet and the size was adequate for Paris standarts. I don鈥檛 have any complains, I had everything I needed: good bed, good pillows and a good service!I had a nice stay and I will return to this hotel. I would recommend it to a friend!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>etravel2007
<Content>Friendly and helpful staff We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights in September. The staff are lovely, very helpful and the hotel is quite clean. It's well located between a few metro stations (we used the Le Peletier station) with lots of food options around, including 2 fabulous bakeries!The only downside was that we had asked for a quiet room, away from the street. The hotel was happy to arrange this, but we ended up getting a room on the 2nd floor, which had a sloping floor or a slight gradient. We didn't immediately think it would be a problem until we slept on the bed. I felt like I as sleeping head-down all night and subsequently made my partner sleep on my side of the bed for the rest of the trip. I guess we could've changed rooms, but since it didn't bother him, we stayed in there.I'd recommend this place andI was to go back, I'd ask for a room with a flat floor!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>StingrayLincolnUK
<Content>Clean anf friendly Clean and friendly hotel close to all the sights, we had a problem with a leak in the bathroom, but overall our stay was fine. The staff were friendly and happy to help, all those we met spoke English. We had a room at the front of the hotel but didn't encounter any noise problems mentioned by others. The bed was very comfortable, with TV and en-suite, there was nothing else we needed. The room was a reasonable size and cleaned daily, we were charged 150 Euro, I think due to various events on in Paris at the time.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>levitt
<Content>If ever in Paris I will stay there again! I stayed 6 nights and completely agree that the hotel discription is true. It was a pleasure. I called the hotel and they made for me the same rate that on internet site. It was a good deal!I was in the hotel very early and tired. A man at reception gave me a cup of hot tea, it was very welcoming.I felt better and I went to see the city. The hotel is very well located, all the places of interest are not far. When back to the hotel the staff were wonderfully friendly, they gave me a Paris map and kept my bags. I don鈥檛 speak good french but the staff explained me with patience all the information I needed. Besides a lot of touristic brochures and information is in the lobby stand. My room was on the second floor in a quiet corner. In the room I had a safe box, flat tv, table, hairdryer. It was clean, i liked that there was a lot of hot water, a good pression shower. Daily room service made a good job and did not disturb without need.In the lobby they have free WIFI, so you can use it if you have your labtab. If not , a cybercafe is nearby.I was a nice stay in a nice place.I will recommend this hotel to my friends. If ever in Paris I will stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shazzy1
<Content>Great Value, great location, great staff Earlier this month I had a four night stay at this hotel and it was a brilliant find. The staff were really friendly and helpful from the moment we arrived til the day we left.We were a bit concerned having booked a room without bathroom facilities but the shared facilites were immaculate. There is only four floors to the hotel and a max of ten rooms per floor, some of which had their own facilities. We also had maid service every day. Our room faced the back and was very peaceful!Would deff. stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>neuehaff
<Content>Definitely stay here again! Before booking we have checked the reviews , and agree that this is a good-value well-located hotel for Paris sightseeing. It is situated at the centre of Paris and so you could practically walk to any famous/popular parts of the city. It's less than a 10 minute walk to the Opera house, and 20 minute walk to Louvre. The metro is a 2 minute walk from the hotel.I stayed in this hotel with my girlfriend for 5 nights and enjoyed a very pleasant and friendly stay. The front desk was very helpful and the atmosphere of the hotel was peaceful. During the stay the staff helped us to book a place at cabare Moulin Rouge, it was a very beautiful show, and on departure they called for us a cab early in the morning.The housekeeping employees and breakfast crew always greeted us with a friendly smile. Speaking of breakfasts, they serve it till 11 in the morning which is very convinient if you like to sleep ( and you would like to sleep till 10 o鈥檆lock as the bed and pillows are very comfortable and soft! ) and they have about 5 different kinds of cheeses, boiled eggs, cereals, jam, honey, fruits and bio bread. The coffee was wonderful. The hallways and rooms were always kept clean. Our room was lovely blue and green. A very highly recommended hotel to stay inParis. We 'll definately be back.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>victorylehmann
<Content>Charming hotel in a great location Last year we stayed in a hotel in St. Germain des Pres, but this time we decided to change the area and choosed the Monte Carlo after reading the positive opinions and it was a great find! Monte Carlo is a nicely decorated, cosy hotel with a very friendly and efficient staff in a city center and close to three metro stations. We had a double room with ensuite bathroom with good quality shower. Everything was very clean and the room was made every day. The most wondeful thing about our room was the bed! It was so comfortable that every morning I was fresh and ready to enjoy Paris all the day! It was neither hot no cold, the weather was just perfect to explore Paris, so we did not use a fan that was in our room. We loved a lot the elevator with a fantastic mirror. I have never seen such a beautiful elevator!Breakfast was also good 鈥?lots of different kinds of tea, chocolate, cofee, fresh fruits, eggs, cornflakes and cheeses , french bread for 9 Euros only! In the evening there is no problem to find a place to dinner, besides the hotel staff can advise you a nice restaurant. There is a little supermarket in front of the hotel that is open till late at night.We would use the hotel again and recommend it to others. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Canada14
<Content>I am recommending this hotel to everyone       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Wanderingaroundabout
<Content>Excellent Value Stayed for 3 nights in a double room with shared bathroom for e65/night. The hotel is nicely decorated in a modern style and looks a lot smarter than I expected from its official rating. Although the room was small it had a sink, flat screen tv and air con. Our shared bathroom was amazingly clean on every occasion. Its really near to a variety of metro stations and even walkable from Gard du Nord. Would highly recommend!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Alimac04
<Content>Great value Spent one night at this hotel and thought it was excellent. All was really clean, staff friendly and efficient . I arrived expecting to share bathroom but found to my surprise all was ensuite! A lucky break.. Location is really good - within walking distance of Gare St Lazare and Gare du Nord and easy to reach from metro. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>bing1978
<Content>a nice find Stayed in the hotel for 3 nights in August. Its situated between 3 metro stations so its pretty easy to reach from wherever you are apart from the airport (CDG) which is slightly trickier. To start with the reception is always staffed and they always greet you when you arrive with a smile. All the staff we met spoke good English and were very helpful. We never ate there at the hotel so I cannot comment on that.The room was a-bit odd and looked as though it had been two rooms some time ago but this wouldn鈥檛 be a problem. The bed was nice; a lot of closet space and bath room was also very nice.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>GandT16
<Content>It took two visits to make a great find. We stayed at the Hotel Monte Carlo for 3 nights all up, broken in the middle by an out of town stay. Our first room was the one next to the elevator, so it seemed that the room lost space because of this. The decor was very nice and the french doors opened to the front street, which we loved.The bathroom was a let-down. The light above the basin was loose. There were cracked tiles and the shower was so small you were hanging out of the cubicle if you weren't standing ram-rod straight. The shower also leaked at the tap.Having said that, the bed was comfy, there was a TV and a safe inside the wardrobe.What saved it for me was when we returned from our out-of-town stay, we had another room which was pure luxury compared to the first one. Our bathroom was clean, in great order and with a bath. The bedroom was larger too. We felt we'd been given the honeymoon suite, it was that different from the first!So overall, we would return to Hotel Monte Carlo - it's terrific value for money - but we would request any room other than the elevator room. Special thanks to Thomas who was extremely helpful throughout our stay and who endured my poor french with aplomb. Thanks also for organising our early a.m. taxi.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Laura_go_go
<Content>Fabulous Hotel, great neighbourhood I travelled to paris via eurostar with my mum, and we wanted to stay in a cool hotel whihc didn't cost the earth.After looking on Trip Advisor, I selected this hotel and they had 1 room left on the weekend we wanted to go, with twin beds and a shared bathroom. The cost was a brilliant 130 Euros for 2 nights.The hotel was lovely. Very quirky, very clean and very friendly. I have to admit I was expecting something resembling a youth hostel but it was nothing like this.The location is fabulous, and the neighbourhood is very homely. It is much more edgy than the posh parts of paris, but this only adds to the charm. At no point did I ever feel intimidated or worried, in fact I felt very safe walking around as 2 women after dark. The streets around the hotel are full of restaurants, bars and the hotel staff are v good at recommending places to eat ect.The room itself was perfect. Small but individual and very clean. You do have a sink in the room for washing hands cleaning teeth ect.We also walked to La Louvre and this was doable although took a good half hour.I would definateky recommend this place to anyone who wants a good deal, but doesn't want to compromise on the important things such as location and cleanliness.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>roles
<Content>Will happily go back This was a very pleasant 3 day stay. The hotel is within walking distance (quite a long, but interesting walk) of everywhere.The surrounding streets are full of restaurants, patisseries, cash machines and suchlike, but is not as 'touristy' as the Latin quarter.There is a small supermarket just across the road (they are hard to find) and the entertainment provided by the patrons to the karioke asiatique club across the road was priceless.The room was small but adequate and as we have found with most city hotels, is quiet with the window closed. It was warm, so we slept with the window open and the trick is either to wear oneself out during the day so you sleep through anything, or go with the flow and enjoy feeling part of the bustling life of a city that does not sleep until 2 or 3am (when the Karioke closes).  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>williamthorn2
<Content>Great place to stay! I was searching for a hotel in Paris that was clean and in a great location and that wasn't ridiculously expensive. I came across the Monte Carlo in Opera area. My initial reservation was for three nights, but decided to extend two more because of the fantastic location and wonderful city. The hotel is within walking distance of Opera, Montmartre, Galeries Lafayettes, close to a subway which could connect you to all parts of city. In the area around the hotel, there were many cafes available for lunches or dinner. The rooms are nice and were kept VERY clean. Good bed, flat tv ( all chanels are free), free safe box, hair dryer, telepnone- I had everything to feel comfortable. The breakfast was tasty and a good start for the day.The entire staff is courteous and entirely helpful. In summation this hotel is ideal. I would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ArronHendy
<Content>Lovely Hotel - Great staff I would definitely stay again. The hotel is right in the centre, walk to Montmartre, Tour Eiffel or anywhere. The metro is only 50 yards away and will get you everywhere in minutes. The double room was recently decorated and kept spotlessly clean by the friendly staff. Bathroom the same, with a bath. Good breakfast too.The staff will help you with any information you need. It felt great being so close to the grand boulevards, excellent restaurants nearby, as recommended by Thomas the manager. Very sad to leave. Wonderful stay.Go to the corner of Rue de Fauburg Montmarte next to the Grand Boulevards Metro, there is an excellent creperie for a takeaway crepe, the ham cheese and egg one is lush.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rythmicjane
<Content>Wonderful experience An excellent renovated hotel situated in Paris center, close to Opera, LaFayete and many other attractions. We had a five night stay in hotel Monte Carlo in June and we liked a lot this nice place. Very friendly and helpful staff, all with very good English made our holidays unforgettable. I can wholeheartedly recommend this hotel. I felt I could trust the staff. This was very important because it meant I could relax and not worry about leaving things in the room. We stayed in a standard room which was adequate for two people. Most importantly, the rooms were clean and well maintained. We took a hotel breakfast in the morning, it was very good: lots of coffee and tea, orange juice, french bakery, diffent cheeses, eggs, honney and fruits only for 9 Eur! In a bar neaby just a cup of coffee and a tost costs 6 Eur. I would not want to stay in any other hotel when I return to Paris. It's great value for money.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jonny55
<Content>Happy to return again to this gem of Paris! It is the second summer I travel to Paris and the second time I stay at Hotel Monte Carlo! I鈥檝e got a quiet room on the low level, so I had no chance to use their beautiful elevator. Friendly staff welcomed me with a smile again! I love this hotel because I feel verycomfortable and secure, the room is quiet and clean, hotel is centraly located, the bed is good, service is like usually excellent!Thank you! I love Paris and I hope to return the third time!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>laylo
<Content>Perfect Location! My husband, 8 month-old baby and I stayed at the hotel from June 23-25th. We loved the location in Montmartre. There was so much life in the area. There was a cafe every few steps, a grocery store right across the street. There was also an internet place just down the street (they also have 3 phone booths in there for really cheap phone calls long distance!). For those who love to shop, there is a Galleria mall just blocks away!We walked everywhere. We walked to the Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, and along the Seine River. The furthest was the Eiffel Tower, and we got there in about 1/2 hour - 45 minutes.Thank god for the elevator in the hotel(for our baby stroller and all!). The staff was friendly and helped us with any directions we needed. There were 2 useful maps in the lobby that were perfect for us to find our way around. We didn't take advantage of the breakfast, as we found it at the numerous cafe's around the area.The room itself was sufficient. We had room 403 which was front-facing with 2 big windows that opened up to the street. It was pretty hot when we were there, and wanted to keep the windows open as there was no air-conditioning. However, it was pretty noisy at night, so we used the big fan they provided for us instead. They didn't have a cot for the baby, so she shared the king-size bed with us (it was actually 2 twins pushed together, so we had to watch she didn't fall between!).We opted for our own bathroom, which had a bathtub and shower with great pressure, and never ran out of hot water.To get to the Charles de Gaulle Airport, we took the direct bus from the Opera House which was very close by. It cost 8.50 Euros each, and took about an hour to get there. You just buy your ticket from the bus driver. It stops at each terminal at the airport as well.All in all, the Hotel Monte Carlo suited most of our needs. If we ever make our way back to Paris in the summer though, we may opt for an air-conditioned hotel.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lilysteel
<Content>Great Location This was my first time staying in this hotel in Paris. Located in the 9th Arrondissement, it is convenient to the Metro, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Paris shopping. A three minute walk to the Cadet Metro station makes it a perfect location for getting around Paris in a hurry.I booked a single room with ensuite bathroom for two nights and paid 95 Euros per night. The typical French Breakfast (bread, cheese, coffee, yogurt, cereal, etc) is not included but is available for an additional 9 euros. Because I was only in Paris for two days, I didn't waste time with breakfast because just around the corner on Rue de Cadet are some of the best boulangers and patisseries in Paris -- where you can buy exquisite pain du chocolat for 1 Euro and the most scrumptous quiches and fruit tartes for a mere 2 Euros each.The hotel is well kept and the staff is very friendly, courteous and eager to please. My room was quite spacious but a bit stuffy upon first entering. No air condition but a fan and windows to open. Paris was very hot and so it was a challenge to make the weather work in my favor while in my room -- but the rain kept both mornings and evenings cool and I was out and about during the heat of the day so I escaped what would have been a very warm room for most of my stay.My room was located facing an inner courtyard which contained the open door to the hotel's kitchen which was a bit noisy at times. Also you could hear anyone else located in rooms facing the courtyard who had their windows open -- these were mostly rooms above and below me -- there was no one across from me so I did not have to worry about anyone looking into my room. Fortunately, by the time I was ready to go to sleep it was quiet.The bed was comfortable, the ensuite bathroom was of a nice size but with shower only -- plenty of towels, clean linens and a safe in the room for valuables. The housekeeping staff does a nice job and they even have a sense of humor -- I had a statue of a horse in my room on which they changed the poses daily!I know this neighborhood and most of Paris very well so I didn't have a great deal of interaction with the staff but they were very accomodating throughout my stay. The neighborhood is safe to walk through day and night but it is a very busy neighborhood with lots of activity on the streets. Both nights I arrived back at the hotel near 10 pm with no problems walking from the metro station.Although I can recommend this hotel to others, it would not be my first choice on my next trip to Paris. Unfortunately, the hotel at which I usually stay was fully booked and I took this one based on its location and the recommendations I read on the [--] website.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>traveller275
<Content>fantastic place to stay This hotel was everything that people had previously written about it on this website. We loved it. The very friendly staff(english speaking), fantastically clean room, very quiet at night, easy walking to everywhere, lots of restaurants around and mini mart over the road. Would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IHateAirplanes
<Content>Loved this charming gem!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Monte Carlo Hotel as an end to our 2 week UK vacation. We were not disappointed. The staff was very helpful and everyone spoke English. Our room was clean and the bed was comfortable. We did not have the bathroom en suite. The public shower was so clean and so was the public bathroom. I was very impressed with how clean they both were. The hotel is small but it does have an elevator!!!! If you've traveld through Europe any you will know how much of a treasure this is!! The hotel is in a great location, we even walked all the way to Montmartre!! When we go back to Paris we will definitely stay there again. The only disappointment was that the cats no longer stay at the hotel, they are at the owners house now.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>andrewbis
<Content>Brilliant location and great hotel! We passed three nights in Monte Carlo in early may.It was a very nice experiance! Close to the main attractions of the french capital, just two steps from a subway station le Peletier 鈥?a great location. The price is reasonable: 110 euros for two persons for a night. The room maidens cleaned the room and changed the towels every day in our absence. Every evening when we were back from our visits of Paris, the room was clean and fresh. The size of the room is not enomous but we had everything we needed : a desk, TV, safe box, a wardrobe and a good bed. But the best of this hotel is the good quality of service. The staff speaks English and we had no problem of communication, besides they are very nice and helpful. We left our lugges dowstairs at front desk before check-in and after check-out for free.The breakfast is also very good. Nice place and nice experiance! We will be back in hotel Monte Carlo next time!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>peter522
<Content>Very happy to stay at Monte Carlo ! To spend a nice week-end in Paris we booked this charming hotel Monte Carlo. Little jewellery in the heart of the city. My husband booked a double room for 110 Eur per night. It was a pretty room, very clean with the windows to the street. A young man, working at reception was very polite with us and gave us a couple of good advice concerning Paris. In the hotel was also an elevator, I think for the aged travellers like me and my husband it is a great advantage. In the evening my husband had a good idea to go to a music entertainement and the staff helped us to book two places and to call a taxi.We are very grateful to the staff of Monte Carlo for their daily care and help.Highly recommended this nice place!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>friends4
<Content>excellente choice! Me and my friends choosed the hotel Monte Carlo after reading tripadvisor鈥檚 reviews and we were pleased with our choice.We booked 2 double rooms for 4 persons in April and it was a pleasure! Our rooms were clean and colorful with ventilator, a safe, a writing table, TV, private shower and toilette. The staff was very polite and helpful, patient with our terrible spoken french. It was a wonderful weather in Paris and we really enjoyed our week-ends.It鈥檚 sure we will stay at the hotel Monte Carlo next time!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TripsterUk
<Content>Great Experience at Hotel Monte Carlo We just spent 5 nights at the Hotel Monte Carlo and had a very pleasant experience. The hotel is centrally located in a lively neighbourhood in which I felt very comfortable as a tourist, even taking the metro back to the hotel at very late hours and walking to the hotel. Nearest metro stops are fairly close: Grands Boulevards (green line) and Le Peletier (pink line). Plenty of restaurants and eateries on the street! Very convenient.The room itself was on the 4th floor; it was very small but adequate for the limited time spent in it. Clean towels and bed made daily; reception desk 24 hours; flat screen TV with all channels in French (including a bonus porn channel!). Our room was facing the street and the first night was warm, so we left the windows opened: big mistake! It was very noisy all night long with motorbikes and busses whizzing by! The management was more than happy to give us a back room the next day but we decided to stay in the room and try the windows shut as it had cooled down. Amazingly, it was very quiet! But beware in warmer weather and request back room. We didn't try the breakfast. Reception held our luggage on the last day so we could do our final sight seeing after check out time, which was great. Located close enough to Gare du Nord to walk (once you get your bearings and know where you're going!). Taxi ride from station to hotel was about 6 euros but we did walk it back, which took about 15 minutes lugging a large suitcase on very tired legs. Overall, a very pleasant experience, especially for the money; quite reasonable!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lesked
<Content>We would definately stay here again perfect location and great little hotel. Although the room was typically small given it was Paris it was very clean and provided us with a comfortable stay at a reasonable price. 拢70 per night. The reception staff were both friendly and helpful. Everything you need is literally a few mins walk including the nearest metro stop. Montmartre district is a perfect location for a weekend break. I'd definately recommend this hotel to a friend.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>connaught
<Content>Basic but just fine for our needs       Double room, non en-suite, Hotel Monte Carlo  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>janus81
<Content>More than 2 stars hotel! I travelled a lot and I know the value of a good parisian hotel! I called directly the hotel and booked a double room for 3 days. Everything was like promised.The room was ready at 3 p.m. and I payed what I booked:Room: renovated, clean , not very big, but for Paris it is normal. A safe box (free), phone, flat screen TV with free sports, music, movie chanels, new carpet, comfortable bed, every day room service.  Bathroom: clean, towels changed every day. I loved a good pression of water in shower.Breakast: good with a big variety, nicely decorated inviting breakfast room . They served me even when breakfast was finished! Thanks.Service: rapid, they helped me to book the Lido spectacle and taxi on my departure, explained the metro stations and hotel was open 24 hours - good idea! Staff: freindly, ready to help, speak english. It was very nice to stay there.I will cetainly return to this simple, charming hotel with my friends and daughter! Tres bien!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>parisloverBarcelona
<Content>very good deal! Good quality/price hotel! Good location.Nice, calm, clean hotel!Excellent service!What else....?  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellerOsaka
<Content>An excellent stay in the Monte Carlo We choosed this hotel for our 4 day stay in Paris and We were not disappointed.It was great! We left our lugges at the reception ( because we arrived very early), a nice gentleman who works at the reception gave us a map and till late at night we enjoyed Paris!The hotel was open all the night, so we were not worried to come back. In the area of hotel there are a lot of bars, cafes, restaurants,so in the evening you will be not borring! When we returned to the hotel we were very tired. We had 2 heavy bags, but fortunately there was the lift! It was rather big: me, my friend with 2 heavy bags managed to get inside.Our room was on the 2 floor. There was no luxury, but it was simple, pretty, warm and clean. The bed was fresh and comfortable. The carpet was new and clean. I think, the hotel was recently renovated.I liked also a strong buffet breakfast: fruits,eggs, cheeses, sereal, coffee, tea, chocolate, milk.... and a lot of other things that kept me walking along Paris. Really it was an excellent experience. Many thanks to friendly staff for help and good advice!No doubt next time we will returned to Monte Carlo!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Boubouche
<Content>Beware I booked a twin room after I read all the positive posts here. At our arrival, they gave us a small creepy room with 2 camp beds. The bathroom was dirty as the room carpet. We went back to the reception to ask for a new room. They - the manager I think - told us they had nothing better to offer us. On a very unpolite tone. So we decided to go and look for another hotel in the area. They didn't even ask for our passports at the check-in, which surprised me. Receptionists don't usually hand you the room key before checking all your details. So I guess they knew we would come back. The worst part, i did insist on them not charging my credit card and they did assure me they wouldn't do so before we left. But surprisingly, they did charge one night!!! So beware of this hotel as this may be standard practice for them. Now I have to call my bank to have this trransaction cancelled and even call a consumer association to see what i can do. They will certainly not get away with it. And given their reaction, I'm pretty sure this is certainly not the 1st time they do this to tourists.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>happyday46
<Content>great staff and ideal location Not stayed here before, but we鈥檒l definitely go back - this place is a gem, especially location. The hotel is within ten minutes of Opera. There are plenty of shops, cafes and bars in the immediate area.We found it to be a really comfortable, friendly place to stay .The room was clean and tidy with all basic facilities, there was a tv/radio also a safe and it was warm. It was cleaned every day and beds made with towels changed.We found this hotel to be absoloutly brilliant and you can even keep your luggage there on your depature date to spend more time in Paris before leaving.The Monte Carlo is a great little hotel if you want clean, comfortable and affordable accommodation in Paris!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kingfisher
<Content>Great location and Great Price This is a small hotel in a great location. Only 5 minutes walk to Galleries LaFayette and Opera. There are many nearby shops, restaurants, a mini-mart across the street. There is a street just around the corner, which is lined with wine shops, cheese shops, delicatessens, bakeries and pattisieries - not touristy, but I think for the locals!The hotel has 4 floors and has rooms with WC/bath and ones which are shared. We paid 101 Euros for a double/shower and bath. The room is standard size for Paris ( but compared to US - its small ), has a flat screen TV, indoor safe, desk. All rooms require a keycard. The bathroom is more than average size, with good hot water and towels replaced daily. The rooms are quite clean! nothing luxurious, and cleaned daily. Our heating worked very well, we didnt have issues like the previous contributor. the windows are double glazed and we had a room facing the back of the hotel - not a great view but extremely quiet.There is breakfast at 7euro which we didn't try. Thomas, who at reception, was very helpful over the emails and also in person when recommending estaurants - very polite, not rude and speaks english. There is a free nespresso machine to use in the reception, amidst a small but cosy seating area.The hotel is only 8 minutes to Gare Du Nord station by taxi, and only cost 6 euros. Of note: you have to pay the first night in advance by PayPal. You pay the rest of the stay once you arrive ( but we only stayed for 2 nights ). Highly recommended for the price, and will stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jessika18
<Content>Cosy, safe hotel! Great location! I was travelling alone and I appreciated a lot this nice safe hotel.The location could not be better: big shops, opera house, restorants and bars. Supermarket is just in front of the hotel.The staff were really really friendly and helpful , I was greeted warmly when arriving to the hotel. The front desk was open all the night. The room is not that big (using US standards) but it exactly what you need. There is no view to speak of, but the rooms were quiet and the beds comfortable and very clean( they cleaned my room and changed the towels every day)The breakfast room was so pretty and welcoming in the morning.This hotel was great! The staff were amazing! The rooms were clean, safe and secure!Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>absolutstyle
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic This hotel is ideal for sight seeing Paris. The room was very clean and we were given new towels everyday. The man at the desk was extremely helpful, even getting us two cups of hot water late at night. The price was very fair and I would only stay at this hotel the next time we go to Paris.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sallyHereford
<Content>A great spot in Paris We have just returned from a trip to France. We booked in this small but wonderful and cosy hotel in the Opera area. We enjoyed our stay because we had everything we needed to be comfortable. Helpful and friendly staff, a nice and clean, well maintained room, free Intenet access and a good buffet breakfast, almost all-you-can eat breakfast with lots of coffee and tea. Howerver the best thing about this hotel is the location! Steps away from all the tourist attractions and most importantly great restaurants. I have stayed here for both short-term and monthly vists on numerous occasions. Simply wonderful for both tourist and business travellers. Need I say more?  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mergind
<Content>Very good place for the price!!       photos confort room 303 Monte Carlo  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>stathy
<Content>excellent value for money ! I found this hotel from Trip Advisor and based on quality / price, I decided to book it. What a gem! Firstly, the hotel is very central and easy to find. It is located a short walking distance from Paris main attractions. It was just over a 5 minute walk to the Laffaettes galaries and Opera. The hotel staff was good. They helped us make reservations for Moulin Rouge and gave us directions and advice on other sights which was great. The hotel is very clean and comfortable. It is a city hotel, so don't expect massive rooms. Breakfast was great. This really was a full-blown continental breakfast. The woman that runs the breakfast room was very nice. If I ever go back to Paris (which will probably be soon), I'll be staying there again. Really - very, very, happy.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kleins
<Content>excellent little hotel ! We booked the hotel Monte Carlo on the basis of previous Trip Advisor reviews........and were not disappointed. The rooms, although small, were very clean, warm and nicely decorated. The breakfast was also very good and well presented.Very handy for the subway.The staff were equally competent, friendly, and willing to help. All of them spoke good English and we never had a communication problem. They tolerated my attempts at speaking in French. Every request was politely met. And there is staff 24 hours so you don't need to worry about returning by a specific time.This hotel is very nice, great value for the price. On our next visit to Paris we will definitely stay here again. Highly Recommended.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelingHoyt
<Content>Simple but clean, friendly and superbly centrally located First of all, the Hotel Monte Carlo is extremely centrally located. It is within walking distance of just about anything: the Op茅ra, Les Halles, Montmartre, etc. It's in a nice residential shopping street, with a supermarket right across the road and tons of restaurants within a 100m radius, so getting and out something to eat is really easy to do.But then, the hotel is also really nice for what it is. We stayed there for 3 nights in late November, and were pleasantly surprised by the whole experience. Yes, it is undeniably only 2*, but the hotel was clean, the bathroom was very (!) clean, and the beds were nice and made up by room service every day.Finally, the hotel staff is very nice, especially the younger gentleman who appears to be the owner (?). They let us leave our bags behind reception after checkout time until we left the city, knew our room and names by heart from the second time we were at reception, gave advice and help, and were generally just really mellow and pleasant.I'd absolutely go there again. If you are on a budget, and prefer spending your money on something other than the hotel room, this will be a perfectly suitable solution.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>chansteve
<Content>Wonderful Paris bargain ! This is a great hotel, right next to the Opera and shopping center . It was very clean, comfortable beds, there was an excellent buffet breakfast . We love the room's decoration and hotel is located in a safe area. The staffs were helpful, courteous and could offer great attention to details.  Overall, very good indeed, reasonably priced, and great location. I'll definitely stay here again when in Paris.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bouillonjohn
<Content>Friendly, great location We stayed in Hotel Monte Carlo for three days and felt so welcome and warm from the Hotel every time when we were back to the Hotel after a long stroll in town. The hotel location is excellent, right in the city center, and there is a supermarket, right across the Hotel, which makes everything convenient. There are only five minute walking distance from OPERA and gallaries Lafayette. All is great at this hotel but the greatest thing was our BED!!! It was the most comfortable, the best bed I have ever slept in all my life! Not only that, the mattress was not too hard, not too soft, it was just right!The Hotel staff is rated absolutely 5-star. They are very helpful and warm from the start to the end of our stay. They deserve every penny of the price.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adamrus
<Content>Right in the heart of the city We really enjoyed our stay at this little freshly renovated hotel Monte Carlo. The hotel is very quiet, we had no complaints at all given that it is located on a very busy street. lots and lots of shops and places to eat around and about.The hotel is well located for the Metro and within walking distance to all the major tourist sites, we reached the Louvre in 15mins and we walked quite slowly. The location also offers some benefits as you are only minutes away from Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur .The staff is extremely friendly and greet you with a very warm welcome and smile each time you enter the lobby. They are available 24 hours to answer any and all questions, and they speak English. They were helpful in every way possible. They gave us tips on the best way to travel around Paris in addition as to the best places to shop. We recommend the breakfast, which for a reasonable price was enough to keep us going for most of the day.If we return to Paris we wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to rebook into Hotel Monte Carlo.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maggiehh
<Content>Overall excellent stay My husband and I stayed at the Monte Carlo for a week in early September. Our choice was based on the many favorable reviews on Trip Advisor.I really enjoyed it. As it was my third time in Paris, I was really concerned about what the hotel would be, given that I had bad experiences with other hotels in the city.Nice little hotel, rooms were small but adequate. Very comfortable, impeccabble clean, with good bathroom facilities, towels changed every day. the hotel was a safe comfortable place to lay down your head after a busy day sightseeing.Very nice breakfast with lots to eat and good variety for 7 Euros.Excellent location. Metro is only a block away, but you can always take a walk. It's a beautiful city and there's only a short walk to major shopping area.The reception was absolutely proffesional, very kind and with a great command of English, as my French is a little bit primitive, and the rest of the staff was very polite, smiley and helpful. The hotel is surely an excellent 2-star hotel, with logical prices for its category and next time I am visiting Paris I definitely will stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ewenchris
<Content>Highly recommend this quiet 2 star No more doubt as to where to spend a night or two in Paris. This two-star hotel is above average, well kept, well organised, honest and forthright. The hotel team was quick and eager to help with any projects: my wife and I felt we were a respected part of things, and Paris became accessible and comprehensible for us. We recommend the Hotel Monte Carlo.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mikihouse
<Content>Easy to recommend to a friend For our fifth trip to Paris in a August period, we really enjoyed our stay in Monte Carlo hotel...it was great! Good breakfast, clean bathroom, new bedding. We paid 90 dollars per night for two.The room was comfortable though not huge, much better than we expected for a two star hotel, without being luxurious, the hotel provided everything we needed. Of the two and three star Paris hotels we know since our last trip, this one is our favorite. The location is central with many varied restaurants and sights within easy walking distance. We had no trouble exploring the Montmartre area, the Sacre Coeur, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Opera or the Louvre museum.The staff were helpful and friendly. They gave us maps of Paris and helped us with our tourist program. Besides, the hotel is open 24 hours!Reasonable price and good quality! Easy to recommend to a friend.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jenmorris
<Content>great hotel! I arrived June 28th at 9 a.m. at the hotel Monte Carlo and was recommended a buffet breakfast; I liked it a lot : first of all it was cheaper than outside in the coffee shops and you can eat as much as you want for 7 Euros. The day I was to check out, after breakfast I left my luggage at the reception and went shopping. The location of the hotel was perfect with plenty of lovely bars, pavement caf茅s and restaurants to choose from. All the main shopping centers like Galeries Lafayette are within 5 minutes walk of the hotel! I picked up my luggage at 6 p.m.. This time I stayed only two days in Paris, and for sure I鈥檒l return again to hotel Monte Carlo.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lm33
<Content>Good Budget Hotel... Key Word = Budget Monte Carlo is clean, fairly comfortable (very firm beds) and best of all, well located. Have no qualms about booking this hotel if you're travelling on a budget (I believe we paid around $50 a night for a double room w/ no WC in high season). However, consider skipping breakfast- for 7 Euro, you could do better at a corner bakery.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the price I also booked this hotel through lastminute.com (best deal) and the place was intended to just be a location for sleeping while exploring the vastness of Paris. The place was pretty clean, the only real grunginess I saw being some dried liquid splattered on the wall and fluffs of cat fur on the stairs. Speaking of cats, I am highly allergic to them but was never bothered by them in anyway during the stay.At checkin the guy wasnt particularly friendly, but during the course of our stay everyone else was, and they helped us find things/places we needed. Bathroom did have soap and towels and was pretty clean.Overall good experience for an EXCELLENT price. FYI, when you walk out of Cadet metro station you are facing SOUTH, not north.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, excellent base for Paris I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights as part of a suprise trip for my girlfriend. I paid 拢150 each including eurostar from London. I was not expecting much, but I was not disappointed. As other people have mentioned, the staff are not overly friendly, but we were able to leave our luggage in reception on the day we checked out, and picked it up in the evening on the way to the station. I wouldn't advise eating breakfast at the hotel, for the same price you can get fresh food from a bakery which is a 5 minute walk down the road. The location of the hotel is good, roughly 20 minute walk from the Gare du Nord and close to Metro lines to get to all the main attractions. The room was clean, but small although this didn't bother us as we only used the room for a place to sleep.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bobalyssa
<Content>Nice little hole in the wall       Our room  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT the best kept secret!!! Average at best. Anyone who gives this hotel 5/5 is probably an owner or someone who works there. It's not bad, but you get what you pay for. The rooms are tiny - if you have big suitcases you will not be able to set them down to open them anywhere except on the bed. The bathroom is tiny, really really tiny. The staff is not overly rude, but don't go out of their way to make you feel welcome. If you like to sleep in until 10:30am or 11:00am the cleaning ladies will barge in on you once or twice. The TV is atrocious - essentially 8 channels. A version of CNN, 6 french channels with awful reception, and 1 soft-porn channel running naked girls 24/7 (so beware if you have kids). They charge you around 7 euros for breakfast.The best thing about this hotel is the location. For the price, the location is great. About an hour and a half walk from the Eiffel Tower / Champ D'Elysees area, an hour to the Louvre, there is a Metro around the corner from the hotel that goes everywhere if you want (learn to use the metro, it is awesome in Paris). As another reviewer points out - don't go to the store next door, it is a rip-off. If you are going to Paris on a budget and don't plan on spending too much time in the hotel other than sleeping it is probably a good bet.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hidden Treasure My boyfriend and I booked this hotel on Lastminute at the amazing price of 拢140 each with eurostar for 6 nights. I wasn't expecting much (I am a seasoned hostel traveller) but I was wrong. The hotel is basic but extremely clean, the communal areas outstanding and the staff friendly and go out of their way to help (We left our luggage at 12pm checkout and didn't have a return on eurostar til 8pm, booking taxis etc). We used it as a base to explore Paris and never spent more than 30 mins on a metro to see all the main sights. It's in easy reach of Gare Du Nord for transfers out of Paris ( For Versailles or Disneyland) The hotel is situated 10 mins walk from all the big department stores and is surrounded by many reasonably priced international restuarants (e.g. massive meal for two at a chinese restaurant 拢15 or sushi at 拢9 a head) It's also near Le Chartier restaurant and close to picturesque Monmarte. If you're looking for a cheap break to Paris i cannot recommend this hotel strongly enough.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>At least it's clean We booked the hotel through lastminute and was thrilled with the bargain price of 拢126 each for a 3 night stay. When we got there, we understood why. I don't like to moan becuase I know how off putting it can be to read bad reviews- so don't get me wrong if all you need is a comfortable bed (a double- not two singles put together!), a nice hot shower and cleanliness then it's excellent. It's a bit out of town but the connections via metro and bus are good. The Cadet metro stop is 5 mins away, however, after reading at lastminute the hotel was 500 metres away from the Gare Du Nord we attempted to do the transfer ourselves. It's more like a good half mile and not easy to navigate through the busy streets with a case... get a taxi. We arrived a good 3 hours before check in and it was nice they let us leave the case behind the desk for us to have a bit of an explore. It's a shame that was as helpful as they got really. We were reluctant to ask for a taxi transfer back as they seemed rather unfriendly and unaccomodating- we felt bad for disturbing one man from his TV programme to get us the key for our room. The resturants nearby are good value- especially for the set menu's but we enquired about breakfast at the hotel (as it wasn't included in the price) and for 7 Euros we could have all you can eat toast and bread... you can find better value out and about. No tea and coffee in rooms- fair enough- you can get a drink from the hotel but its 3 euros for 1 cup of tea or machine filtered coffee. It was nice to see the cats about the hotel- made it more homely and the only noticable bit was a bit of fur on the stairs. I think we were unlucky to get the view of the bins but then what do you expect for that price in Paris?So, at least it's clean... but don't expect much more.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely jubbly!       the friendly hotel cat!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cat's meow and breakfast chow       Cat  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a good clean hotel It is a good clean hotel in a central location. The owner is very friendly and helpful. Overall I am very happy with the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value for money   showReview(4013377, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>atlr
<Content>Very happy with our stay here   showReview(4006488, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>agro
<Content>Good budget hotel   showReview(4004064, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a surprise (and not in a nice way)   showReview(3908687, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>deeguy
<Content>The best deal you can get in Paris!   showReview(3684902, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value, great location   showReview(3616325, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stop looking. You Found It! This is a great deal!   showReview(3548823, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice little hotel   showReview(3291416, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute hotel        Cats on the stairs.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>littlelioness
<Content>Furry   showReview(3179067, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Insolence_78
<Content>Un Bijoux   showReview(23310634, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>piccolo ma grazioso!!!   showReview(19646709, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GGala
<Content>H么tel impeccable !   showReview(14280070, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>agnesagnes00
<Content>Excellent h么tel bien situ茅 !   showReview(14036570, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>anne044
<Content>H么tel Sympa   showReview(13884606, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo mejor es que puedes llegar...   showReview(14293387, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>muert
<Content>Das Hotel Monte Carlo ist nicht zu empfehlen!   showReview(13351109, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	3	3	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un buon albergo pulito con...   showReview(12805855, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'avais pris une chambre avec...   showReview(11410615, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mi estancia ha sido de 3...   showReview(11410616, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Etablissement correct pour le...   showReview(11410614, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nono4781
<Content>Sympa, bien plac茅 cet hotel....       Vue Ext茅rieur  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour le prix versus...   showReview(12649093, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' la prima volta che...   showReview(11410617, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel est id茅al pour un court...   showReview(11410618, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ok - par contre petit...   showReview(11410619, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel est tres bien situe, pour...   showReview(11410620, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, centrale ed a...   showReview(11410621, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

