<Author>jo_A12
<Content>Unexpected treasure For my first trip to Hongkong with my mother, i chose Cosmopolitan Hotel in Wan Chai. I was so happy that i made the right choice! The hotel's staff did not disappoint in extending accurate, fast and friendly service during our stay. They attended to our every need.The hotel had a good location, it was walking distance from Times Square where the Causeway MTR station was located. If walking was not preferred, the hotel provided a free shuttle service to and from different points (Causeway, Admiralty, Central, etc.) which made going around the city easier and faster.The hotel lobby was very welcoming and bright. Our room was just right for our needs. The room and bathroom were clean. So were the towels and beddings. There were complimentary bottles of water daily. The hotel safe was bigger than usual.On my next visit, i will definitely stay at Cosmopolitan Hotel to be assured of the best service.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tullus
<Content>What a great place! Booked this at the last minute when our plans to go to Thailand fell through, and it is EXACTLY as it looks on the website. Clean, tidy, functional. The restaurant is fantastic - big picture windows looking up to Times Square. Huge breakfast buffet with everything you didn't even know you wanted for breakfast!The beds are supremely comfortable, the bathrooms clean and the staff is superb. Nothing is to omuch trouble - be sure to pick up a few cards to show to taxi drivers, although in truth it is a fascinating 5-10 minute stroll to Times Square and the metro.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AJ80Australia
<Content>Loved the fresh flowers in the foyer       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>giraffez
<Content>Decent Hotel  Hotel is not in the best convenient location but shops are a 5-10 min stroll away. Causeway Bay MTR is around 15 mins away however the closest entrance is the Time Sq entrance which requires another couple of minute walk to reach the platform. Not a real issue as the hotel provides a complimentary shuttle from hotel to time square, admiralty, central around 15 mins interval however the shuttle service finishes quite early around 9:30pm (last pick up from time square to hotel). Usually, the night life in HK extends beyond this hour and I usually take a taxi back to the hotel from Time square costing roughly HKD$18... the walk is not too bad but I caught the taxi as there is a underpass which is quite quiet at night time which I wanted to avoid (the morning is OK).The complimentary hotel shuttle was availble at HK Airport Express station at 8:00am to transfer to hotel so if you are taking the HK Airport express, this is not a bad option.The walk to time square from hotel - you will pass a market which is close to the bridge (this is where the locals buy their meat and vegies and fruit)... the side store generally do not open until 11am but try the Saint Honar (?) bread store, they have freshly baked chicken buns, char siu boa, glutinous rice which is quite delicious when they are hot and soft. Room was nice and clean, small but sufficient. No free internet access if you do not have a laptop (i think they have free wifi if you have your laptop). Hotel provides complimentary water (they have 4 different brands sitting in the room for you to choose) - i recommend you take one before you head out for the day esp if you do a lot of walking.Aircond was strong and tv reception could be better (just the clarity wasn't good but still watchable).No swimming pool, however, there is a gym (which I didn't use as all the walking in HK was more than a gym run!).There are plenty of taxis (ask the staff to hail you one). The porter boys are quick to attend to your luggage. I booked my hotel via travel agent for less than $100 per night for a superior room which is quite a good deal. The room has frosted windows so you will not see the cemetery if this is your concern.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Maz60Sussex
<Content>Nice hotel - would stay there again Excellent staff and nice rooms.Good transfer busesPricey drinks and restaurant but breakfast down near times square very reasonable in chain restaurant and also found a small 'english' bar about 5 minutes walk at the most with excellent prices.Great location to try out the races whilst you are there.Happy with the location even though I was on my own and used the buses, trains etc.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LanarkshireTraveller
<Content>Great hotel Its a few years since I stayed here but remember this for being a fantastic hotel. It had just been constructed when we booked which was a bit of a risk however I'm glad we did. Lovely hotel, very plush and great value for money. Good location too. We stayed in a few hotels on this trip and this was by far the best - can still remember the rooms being one of the nicest I have stayed in. One of my friends has since stayed in the hotel again and they were still as impressed as the first visit.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Permian05
<Content>Good solid hotel, but the walls are thin!       Shower  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>swiss1947
<Content>The Cosmpolitan in Hong Kong - good value and well located The Cosmpolitan is a well located, above average hotel. Rooms are clean, spacious, comfortable and well equipped. Reception and conceirge staff were helpful and courteous. our room attendant was effecient, friendly and very accommodating with our late checkout. We enjoyed a Chinese-style lunch in the restaurant, which we can highly recommend.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meerkat92101
<Content>Excellent Stay! Four friends stayed here for 7 nights. The hotel was offering a 15% discount for stays greater than four nights - making this the best value for staying on HK island. We wanted to avoid trekking from Kowloon daily and didn't want to pay for the price of the hotel s in Central. We sometimes confess to being hotel snobs and found this hotel to more than meet our expectations. The room was spacious for a city this size - we had an amazing view of Happy Valley and the skyscrapers of Causeway Bay. The complimentary water came in very handy - and the trek to the MTR at Times Square averaged about 9-10 mintues. It was easy enough and with taxis being so affordable here - it must made sense to return to hotel by taxi. It is so centrally located that when traveling by car to either Kowloon, the airport or Aberdeen - it was a short taxi ride. The amenities in the room were great and the service was excellent. I loved the fact the A/C was strong. If you don't mind walking a bit (isn't that part of traveling in a new city?) you will find this a gem of a hotel!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jkofman
<Content>Good quality, not a good location I liked the Cosmopolitan once I was inside it. Well appointed rooms, comfy bed, decent shampoo  conditioner, 2 litres of bottled water per day, free wi-fi in the lobby, nice staff. The only think I don't like about the hotel is the location. It is a solid 15 minute walk to the Causeway Bay MTR platform (and I walk fast). There is an MTR entrance at Times Square that is a 10 minute walk from the hotel but then it's another 5 minute trek underground to the platform. There's also nothing immediately around the hotel in terms of convenience stores or restaurants which I found annoying. Not bad if you're being shepherded around HK in a car or don't mind taking taxis everywhere. Otherwise think hard about logistics if staying here. Too bad b/c I really like the hotel and found it to be good value in every other aspect except location.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>sd1v8
<Content>Pretty Ordinary This hotel is situated next to the cemetery across the road from HK's Happy Valley Racetrack. It's clean and comfortable and the staff are freindly and helpful. The rooms themselves are ok for the price I guess, but the other amenities are not that great. The restaurant looks dowdy and in need of a makeover whilst the so-called 3T bar is a joke.The hotel lobby is bright and busy, but is on two levels meaning you have to lug your bags up some steps to get to the lifts. Annoyingly, there's not a clock to be seen anywhere in the lobby, a small point but significant when you're wating for tours or friends to arrive.The main problem with this hotel though is it's location. There are no surrounding shops or food outlets immediately close by, Wan Chai is a 10 minute walk away. Fortunately the hotel runs a free shuttle bus for guests to the main shopping districts and the Airport Express station. The bus runs at regular intervals, though there is no service for an hour around 11.00am to noon whilst the driver has his lunch.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>VakantiegangerNL
<Content>The Cosmopolitan Comfort It was a special time for us all. We were there to celebrate the 25th wedding anniversary of our parents, our 5th wedding anniversary and most importantly of course the wedding celebration of my little brother. We read about hotels on the internet and we discovered that Cosmopolitan Hotel was given wave reviews and highly rated. However, we decided to choose Cosmopolitan Hotel basically because of its great central location. True enough, the hotel lived up to their given reviews. We were very impressed with the services provided by the hotel. They made us feel welcomed and at home. One of the staff working at the front office (unfortunately we forgot his name but we remembered he used to study in Singapore) was very accomodating and flexible. He went out all the way to meet our expectations and provided us with almost every assistance that we needed at that time.Furthermore the hotel is beautiful and well maintained. I think this is because of the housekeeping staff who really take pride in their work. They ensured that our rooms were kept in excellent condition throughout our stay, especially a staff by the name of Ms Anna Chan.The location was simply marvellous for us all! The MTR and shopping centres were within walking distance. We could go everywhere via public transport. Even travelling to and from the hotel by taxis were not costly.If we were to go to Hong Kong again, we would definitely choose to stay at the Cosmopolitan Hotel as it feels just like home - the Cosmopolitan Comfort!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deserter52
<Content>Enjoyed the stay Hi i have stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in HK on several occasions over the past year and i have always found the experience to be very pleasurable.The staff are very friendly and the rooms are bright and spacious.The purpose of my visit was business and with reasonable internet access rates in each room it made things easier.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Perspective
<Content>Stayed here million times..... Hello,I lived in this hotel from 2003 till 2008million times...Lived in all the rooms but stayed mostly in the osim suite.. for the price not that worth it because it is only around 600 square foot.. and the other rooms.. one word.. TINY!!!!!!!!! The service is not that good but i live here just want to relax and get away from busy life but also to have the busy life near by.. for me service is not super important because i live in Hong Kong i just want to get away from the busy life but if i was going to another country i would want excellent service of course... is it worth staying here?? well for the price even touh the rooms are TINY!!! i would like say give it a chance.. not that bad.. but don't expect people licking your feet like four seasons and other 5 star propety  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	2	2	2	

<Author>ScottieAustralia
<Content>Well situated, friendly staff... I researched about 20 hotels in HK before I picked the Cosmopolitan and it turned out to be the right choice. I was there during the olympics and the place was buzzing with Americans, French and many other nationalities. It is well situated and the hotel transfer bus was fantastic. It is only 4 subway stops to the central area and there are busses, trams and taxis - it's so easy to get around HK. The staff were very friendly and polite in a genuine way - and they all seemed to work together cohesively. I will stay there again next time and feel that it's a good base to explore this fantastic city. I would recommend this for first time travelers to HK and those staying longer periods. Overall - a very good and safe choice.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>serged99
<Content>not bad!but not recommended First of All ,its a 4 star hotel , i stayed during fair time , the lobby is very small!maybee 3-4 chairs only!!!!!!!!the business center is in lobby ,2 computers only!u need to wait hours and hours and the A/C is very strong in the lobby and specially in business center.staff cannot understand english and the hotel rooms are very average.its close to central area and shopping district but i do not recommend because i couldnt sleep well cz of the noise , u can hear everything spoken in the next room .room service was not bad but overcharged.be aware of the poor lobby service!!!!!!!!!please stay intercontinental hotel and kowloon area much more interesting area!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	1	1	3	1	

<Author>Jo133
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location       View from hotel window - 20th floor.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MSWeaver
<Content>Excellent Value...definetly return. Super stay...excellent value for Hong Kong. I had a very clean room, new furniture and fittings with a great view of the Happy Valley Race course. The staff are friendly and helpful and its a 10 minute walk to either Wancai or Causeway Bay metro stops. If you seek views of the harbour, this isnt for you, but for convenience, price and cleanliness, its hard to beat in Hong Kong. Added bonus: I wandered into the Catholic and Muslim cemetaries behind the hotel....what a great history lesson in HKG. Well worth a stroll in what must be one of the last large green spaces in the central city. I'll definetly stay here on my next trip to Hong Kong.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catManchester24
<Content>great hotel I didnt know what to expect after reading mixed reviews but the hotel was great. The room we had which was a standard room was a very reasonable size not small as mentioned in other reviews. The room did overlook a cemetary but there was more to see than just that so we were not particulary bothered! The bathroom was lovely and clean with a powerful shower. We ate at the hotel one night and the food was excellent. The location is good and its easy to get around the city, taxis are really cheap and public transport is good. We visited The Big Buddha, on Lantau Island which was fab and the markets in Kowloon. The staff at the hotel were really helpful, most speak v good english and are always happy to help. Overall, I would recommend this hotel, for the price and the location it was brill.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>norwegie
<Content>Clean and neat, cool view. We got a good deal on this hotel online and stayed there for 5 days.The staff were well behaved, the room was a bit small for a de luxe room, but the view out towards the city and the racecourse was brilliant.The service was above standard.A bit dissapointed in the lack of internet options, but free wireless in the lobby was allright.Would stay again, but not at full price.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>AK_Lombard
<Content>Good hotel but check room sizes Nice hotel, clean and tidy rooms, and the location is good too, near times square and happy valley. we booked a superior double for a week mainly because we wanted a room with more floor space than the standard. We were put in a very small corner room, which most definately was not the sq.ft we had paid for. Be aware of this. Apart from that, the hotel is good for the price.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YoyoJing
<Content>An Excellent Hotel Cosmopolitan Hotel is one of the best hotels I have ever lived in Hong Kong. Ideal location in Wan Chai because Happy Valley is just on the opposite side of the street. The Hotel sitting next to the former Xin Hua News Agent Building . The receptionists are very friendly and efficient when help people to arrange check-in; Room Attendant Ah Yee are polite, very thoughtful and can manage room so well even make you feel that you are living at home! The free charge shuttle bus services the Hotel offers saves many of my time in downtown transfer. It has ideal stops/destinations at many shopping landmarks as well as at commercial centers. It takes people to Causeway Bay, Central even Hong Kong Airport Express Way Station at IFC. Most of stops are only less than 5 mins driving hence very convenient. Anyway in short, the Hotel is excellent. It is with almost all things and services a traveler expects. It left me a very good impression to Hong Kong and it has proved to offering me warm hospitality, professionalism and added pleasure to my short stay. I very look forward to travelling to Hong Kong again (I believe definitely I will) and will sure to pick up Cosmopolitan Hotel to live next time.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chermain
<Content>Good business hotel As a single traveller on budget but going to Hong Kong for a short conference on my own, this hotel is value for money. Perhaps for a single traveller, the room I was given, was a room for the disabled. Hence the room size was much bigger (think of wheelchairs rolling around). So the bathroon is big enough for a wheel chair to be in it. Likes: compl. english newspaper, friendly and attentive staff, internet access at lobby, free shuttle bus to shopping and main areas (especially Admiralty and HKCEC), good breakfast buffet range with city view, near MTR and Times Square and wan chai late nite shopping area (8mins walk). Shuttle bus picks up hotel guests from Hong Kong station which is good for Airport express travellers. Lifts are adequate (there are 3) though not very big. The room is clean with a mini fridge which is useful for keeping food I bought. There's hairdryer. For longer stay, the hotel website offers discounts for min. stay nites, which is the promotion I took on. Otherwise, this hotel is quite expensive without the promotional rate.Dislikes: it's next to a cementery which I didn't mind as long as I don't see it from my window (I got it frosted). cable TV channels could include MTV or channel V as it's mostly business channels like BBC, CNN which can be so boring. There's an underground subway which you need to use it if you want to walk to MTR. It can be rather too quiet for a single female traveller especially late at night after doing the late night shopping and bcoz the shuttle bus ends at 9.15pm last timing. There's a homeless man sleeping there for nites. I took the buffet breakfast on alternative days. Hong Kong is famous for food and food is available very early in the morning so it's such a waste to have the same buffet breakfast every morning. I'm glad my hotel stay didn't include daily breakfast.Overall, a good hotel for a budget biz trip  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>BarryBarnstable
<Content>Recommend Cosmopolitan Just got back from the Cosmopolitan and would recommend anyone staying here. We had booked for 7 nights excluding 1 night in Maccau so were able to experience the hotel to its fullest. Wi-Fi in the lobby was free or you could use the 2 pc's connected to the internet for a fee.I'd read that a lot of rooms in Hong Kong are small but here ours was fine. We stayed as a group and all 4 rooms were of a decent size and clean. We all had rooms which backed onto a cemetary so the windows were covered but still allowed enough light to come into the room. Only problem with this is you cant see what the weather is like.The location is good, about a 15/20 minute walk to Times Square where you can catch a train to any of the major sites you want to see. The Hotel bar is ok and about 5 minutes away is a couple of local bars one with Karaoke and the other and English bar.Staff were helpful organising transfers to the airport and giving advice on how to get to attractions. Taxis are cheap and plentiful in Hong Kong and easy to get from the hotel.Overall good experience.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>SydneyHappyHolidayer
<Content>Happy Holidayer After reading varying reviews there is always a little concern that you have booked the right hotel.The Cosmopolitan lived up to all the good reviews with good size rooms, spotlessly presented and cleaned aech day on request.The buffet breakfast was enjoyable for each of the five days of our stay (a couple of items could have been replenished a little sooner on the odd day) and staff were generally prompt and attentive. We had an occassional problem with language, a couple of counter staff not strong with English, but generally this was overcome quickly.The hotel has a tram stop outside the door and we had no problems getting taxis when necessary. Happy Valley racecourse is across the road, Times Square is a short walk away and we were also able to take advantage of the complimentary shuttle buses to various HK areas.Overall a very pleasant stay and we would have no hesitation recommending the Cosmopolitan to our family and friends.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nurse35
<Content>excellant hotel myself and my partner stayed at this hotel for a week, and when we booked the hotel through expedia we didnt know where the location of it was as we hadnt been to hong kong before, when we arrived the hotel was excellant only been built since 2004, the lobby was full of mable and the doormen were really attentive, we choose a deluxe room and the standard was high, the hotel was right across the road from the happy valley race course, taxis are cheap in hong kong so getting around was easy and the place felt safe, i would definately recommend this hotel  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>matty-os
<Content>Nicest hotel i've stayed in       the view up the hill from our room on the 23rd floor  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Extrolleydolly
<Content>Used condom delights.       View from our suite of the Happy Valley race course  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>nikhilganju
<Content>Quite liked the cosmo, but tough luck finding a cab! Didnt expect much from the Cosmopolitan, but was plesantly surprised with the hotel. I think its a 3.5 star property and the service was efficient and quick. I typically ask for something from housekeeping and see how long it takes and in both occassions, I got what I wanted within 5 minutes! So overall its a good choice if one is looking for good value for money and one wants to stay on the island rather than Kowloon. However, if you are in HK for work and need to get to the office in the morning, you need to have asked the hotel staff to organize a cab for you well in advance. I stood on the curb for a good half hour before I could flag down a cab. So be prepared!Otherwise, its a good choice. Enjoy Hong Kong!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Suzibanter
<Content>Amazing views       view from hotel restaurant  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bandet
<Content>Not a tourist hotel We had booked a standard room at the hotel and were disappointed from the moment we walked into the hotel. The first thing we were asked is would we like to upgrade to a larger superior room which included breakfast, had a view and from reading other reviews, lots of extras. Our room was basic and tiny with frosted windows (found out later they overlooked the graveyard), it felt like a prison cell. After one night we asked for a room with a view and were moved to a corner room with a view of the graveyard which was no problem. Breakfast was expensive so we opted for the local spots which worked well. The air conditioning was extremely noisy, there was no bar (apart from two stools and a cubbyhole in the reception area) or lounge or any other facilities that we could see for relaxation. The location was not too bad within easy walking distance of Times Square and the MTR, but it was frustrating that nothing opened up until 11.00 a.m. After 12 hours of walking around Hong Kong we would have appreciated at least a chair to sit in. Obviously it pays to take the upgrade.I would say that this hotel is perfect for the business person who only needs a place to sleep but I would most definitely try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Mel_CA
<Content>Great experience First of all, I would recommend upgrading to a deluxe view room. It's well worth the extra fee. As other reviewers have said, some rooms face the cemetary behind the hotel (though you can't see it from your room because the windows are frosted), which may be disconcerting for some. We were initially booked in a standard room, but quickly upgraded to the deluxe view room which faced the Happy Valley Racecourse (FYI- you can clearly see the horse races held every Wednesday evening from your room). The hotel staff was very friendly and the rooms very clean. Location-wise, it is a bit away from the action, but the hotel does provide regular shuttle bus services to the more prominent business/tourist sites, like Causeway Bay and the Convention Centre. There are also buses and trams located right outside the hotel. The closest subway station is about an 8-minute walk, but the shuttle bus can take you there in 5mins. My experience was overall positive, and I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zzod
<Content>Cosmo rocks In January 2008 my mum (81) and I stayed for five days at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Wah Chai, Hong Kong. Having just come from Bangkok we found the room smaller then the Thai hotel rooms but I believe this is the norm in Hong Kong. We had plenty of space and the room was clean and attractive with all facilities working just fine.Our view was of buildings and traffic but wasn't too bad, I did after all want to see Hong Kong and this view was a fair sample of the scenery. Someone I met in the elevator complained that the basic rooms have no view and the windows in his room were frosted, but since the rates aren't high for better rooms the upgrade option makes sense.The staff at the Cosmopolitan are marvelous. They're very busy but always polite and helpful. I was particularly impressed by the energy and focus of the concierge team.The location is okay, a free shuttle to Times Square where you can catch the train from Causeway bay station, and also shuttles to Admiralty and Central. You can actually walk to and from Times Square fairly easily once you've got the hang of the local terrain. If you get lost as we did after the bus ride down from the peak you'll find that the taxi fare from for example Admiralty is about thirty Hong Kong dollars (less than $5 Australian), so you're unlikely to get stranded. The trains are efficiant, getting you from Hong Kong Island to most Kowloon stations in less time than it takes to get to the station.There is a business centee at the hotel, comprising two computers running Windows XP. Use is free, and you can buy an hour of internet time for thirty Hong Kong dollars, which works out about the same as the off-the-street Bangkok rate of 2 baht per minute. Nice and affordable.Another note of praise for the staff at this hotel - I left my camera in the room when I departed Hong Kong, and hotel staff were quick to respond to my request to find it and send it to me.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TinaMesina
<Content>Loved It! Had a great stay in this hotel... We booked a De Luxe Room but got a free upgrade to their OSIM Suite! We loved our room! We enjoyed relaxing in the OSIM Massage Chair.. Just a relaxing experience.. The room had its own plasma TV and fruits and bottled water was replenished on a daily basis.. Breakfast was good too... But it was the same food each day.. The hotel could use a bit of a variety...The Complimentary Shuttle service was a good one.. Guests did not have to worry how to get to popular shopping areas... The hotel had a fairly good location.. It was close to the shopping area in Causeway Bay.. It is about 5-10mins walk to Times Square... and from there, you can just take MTR... Overall, we enjoyed and loved our stay... We look forward to staying again in our next visit.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CanadianTraveljunkie
<Content>Alright hotel Booked a Deluxe room through a travel website for 170$/night. looked like a very average/standard room. We were facing the street and I figured out that cheaper room did not have less amenities, they faced a cemetery! If you don't mind sleeping close to tombs (the cemetery is quite close and is on the slope of a hill, so you'll be facing tombs directly) , go for a standard room.The location is nice. Causeway bay area is quite nice. Lots of shopping, lots of restaurants and quite lively. It's also pretty close to the MTR (10 min walk).Not a great hotel. I wouldnt want to pay more than 120$ a night for it though.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CJH78
<Content>This hotel is average. It's fine. Ok. Not so bad. If you have booked it already, do not worry, it will probably not be the best or worst hotel you should ever see. If you haven't booked it already...well...if you want to be near happy valley go right ahead. If not, think about what part of town you want to stay. It's 10 mins walk from the underground and about the same as well from the tram. That said, taxis are incredibly cheap in Hong Kong and it has a taxi rank underneath but the traffic can be a pain at peak times.There was nothing bad about the stay, just the hotel didn't bowl me over so I should concentrate on the good things:great views from higher floors of happy valley race track and neighbourhood skyscrapers; proximity to happy valley; it's cheap; room big-enough; room was clean and modern (bathroom more dated but still clean)  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>pattycakes-7
<Content>Nice Hotel I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 6 nights beginning December 28, 2007 with my husband and 20 year old son. We had a suite on the 8th floor overlooking the street and Race track. It was quiet, no street noise. The room was nice, well appointed, 2 plasma TV's, the bathroom was a little on the small side and came with a tub and a separate very small shower but it was very clean and newer fixtures. The bed was comfortable. The rollaway that was brought in for my son was nice quality and very comfortable mattress. Hotel staff was very nice and accomodating. They provided a shuttle service to and from Times Square Shopping Ctr (and MTR stop) and also to Admiralty (for airport metro link.) Lobby was small, not ig enough to sit down and wait or have a drink. I think they offered free Wi-Fi. Breakfast was included with our room. I would rate it above average. They had a nice combination of Western and Chinese food. Good Congee!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lancelightrance
<Content>Deluxe Rooms Stayed here 23rd Dec. 2007 to 1st Jan. 2008.Upgraded when booking to Deluxe Room on 17th Floor. LOCATION. Opposite Happy Valley Racecourse. Shuttle bus runs to Times Square until 7pm in the evening. Nearest 24hr 7-eleven is about 20 minutes slow walk. Times Square MTR is also about 15 minutes walk from Hotel. DELUXE ROOM. Queen sized bed, enormous, and very comfortable mattress. Nice bright airy modern minimalistic room with enough space for two. Room safe, TV, big wardrobe, mini fridge, kettle and tea/coffee sachets, hairdryer and writing desk with mirror. Bathroom was small but very clean and well maintained with shower, marble sink and clean toilet. Complimentary bottled water and fruit every day with newspaper too. A tip. If you want a bath the gymn room has a bathroom with full size bath in it!SERVICE AND STAFF. I found room cleaners very friendly. Hotel reception helpful and pleasant. Room service food was ok but expensive and orders taken to 1.45am in the morning. Ironing board available on request also. Breakfast service was poor. The staff seemed a little nervous and they clear up before 10.30 a.m deadline leaving the guest feeling a little hurried. Two internet terminals at 30hk dollars per hour and high speed broadband connections for laptops in deluxe rooms and lobby which I didn`t try.SERVICE AND STAFF. A very modern hotel. Right on the busy intersection of a six lane highway so lower floors may have traffic noise and pollution probs. Higher floors were ok, I was 17th. Running track and football pitches inside race stadium across the road so fantastic if you like excersising in a classy stadium and free too! Deluxe room was spacy, modern and stylish and very clean with great bed. Hope this helps you decide.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>energygirl
<Content>Average hotel... This hotel was average. It was nothing spectacular about the hotel. It was not close to anything important. But one thing many find interesting is in the old China news agency building. The hotel staff were average. Wireless could be used from the lobby for free.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>zoukee888
<Content>Nice  I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights with my husband and my 2 year-old daughter. We were with our other friends (total 12 of us). We were happy to stay in this hotel.The hotel is just opposite to the HK Jockey Club, but there is also Chinese  Muslim Cemetary next to the hotel. If you go down the underpass to the opposite of the street, you'll find lots of tasty local food and a whole street full of beautiful  expensive lighting specialty shops.The hotel also offers free shuttle buses every 30 mins to Times Square for your shopping needs. The hotel staff is very courteous  helpful with my 2 year-old toddler, luggages and baby stroller.The lobby  lift was a bit too small but I guess that is normal in HK as land is expensive there. The lobby has free WIFI and a few sofas for the guests. The hotel room was great (again a bit too small)! Clean, new  modern. The bathroom was slightly bigger. I loved the rooms design as it has a pillow and a small bolster in red cover. And the quilt was very comfortable especially during my stay at the hotel in winter time. The restaurant on 2nd floor was good if you like tasty, presentable food fusion of western and local food. It is not very expensive. And the service is fast  good too.Overall, this is the perfect budget hotel for everyone in HK.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjjking
<Content>Good value for money hotel in ok position This hotel is a solid 3 stars hotel located near the hyppodrome in HK island. It's convenient if you want to stay in HK island but can't afford to pay for the Ritz-Cartlon or the Conrad.I would judge rooms (I had a deluxe one) 4 stars, very modern, well equipped and with a desktop computer each! Bathroom was quite small, yet ok. Thw view over the hyppodrome was very nice indeed.Breakfast is very good though, with a wide array of food that will surely fill the hungriest of ppl!That said, the hote ldoesn't reach a 4 stars level overall because it has no other facility! No gym, no swimming pool... the kind of things that make an hotel upscale.Given the price, I wouldhighly reccomend this hotel, which is just 2 minutes shy of nearest bus station and 8 minutes walk from Times Square.Rating: B  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	5	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Aikster
<Content>Great location My wife and I stayed 1 night at the Cosmopolitan on our return trip from Malaysia to the UK. A great benefit of the hotel is thecentral location which meant everything is on the doorstep for last minute sightseeing - particularly if you're short on time. The 10 storey mega-Mall at Times Square is also on hand forshopaholics!The hotel is located on a busy intersection so it's not the quietestplace we've ever stayed in: we were on the 7th floor (City View room) and road traffic noise was present day  night. As the hotel is circa 25 floors noise may be less higher up.The hotel offers clean, tidy, and functional accomodation without the 'bells and whistles' and met our expectation of a 3* hotel.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ginagee
<Content>Hotel fine but ask for a room with clear windows! ! The hotel is located in the Happy Valley area on Hong Kong island, directly opposite the Jockey Club and 5 minutes walk from Times Square. I found Hong Kong to be a difficult place to walk around so I would recommend catching taxis - they're really cheap and easy to flag down... the trick to get them from the hotel is to walk up the hill and cross over the road... otherwise, you will struggle! Dont rely on the concierge to flag them down for you at all - I waited nearly 20 minutes the first time I tried!The room I was allocated when I first arrived had opaque film over the windows so you couldn't see through them and you couldn't even open them! I asked to change rooms straight away but the hotel was full. (It was interesting to note that they had a list of about 6 or 7 guests that had asked to change rooms!) I was allocated a room change 2 nights later. The 2nd room was much better. Initially I was on the 17th floor and I moved to the 23rd floor - I understand that the higher floors have clear windows so its worth asking when you book.I found the hotel to be fairly good value and would definitely recommend it for a short stay.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>holdreamerbrissie
<Content>Average The Cosomoplitan Hotel was picked on price through Expedia. I should have checked its location as it was a 15 minute walk to the nearest metro. The hotel itself was OK, and was value for money.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	2	2	3	3	4	

<Author>ISOTOP3292
<Content>LOOK NO FURTHER We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 6 consecutive nights last week.Praise to the consistent  pleasant service of esp. the front desk  the concierge/transportation team.The quality of the accommodations, the strategic location and the excellent courtesy transfer shuttles downtown are toppers. This is our 3rd stay in HKG but our 1st time at this distinguished property. You may trust that we shall certainly  warmly recommend it to our entourage.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>pidalee
<Content>Not a bad hotel The hotel is small but clean, the room we had was an upgrade to a racecourse view. The beds were hard but that is apparently normal in HongKong hotels. There is no actual bar or coffee shop in the hotel or anywhere near, You can buy coffee from next tothe front desk but you have to sit in the lobby to drink it! The tram stop is straight outside the front door which is very convienient. The hotel shuttle bus came in handy for short trips to Times Square and to the Star Ferry terminal.The staff were helpful and polite. There is 2x internet rooms avaliable for general use.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lozz13
<Content>great location I stayed for five nights and was pretty happy with the hotel and the service. The rooms were small but so are most hotels in hong kong. Everything was clean and tidy and the staff were helpful. Location was perfect, very short walk and you will find shops everywhere. There is also a train station close by which is very easy to use and will take you basically anywhere you could want to go.Only thing that annoyed me is the extreamly long wait for the life every time you wanted to use it.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>elurso
<Content>Wonderful Staff My wife and I stayed here in mid June. We had read opinions saying it was out of the way.I can say that that is rubbish. There is a hotel bus direct to Times Square(FIVE MINUTES depending on traffic) and from there the Metro will whoosh you round the city. The staff in this hotel need to be singled out. Without exception they were helpful,cheery,and great scources of local knowledge.The Maitre D' in the restaurant was an absolute gem!We upgraded our room to a deluxe and were rewarded with a view over the racecourse.The bed was huge and very comfortable.The tv was broken when we checked in....they fixed it within FIVE minutes.This hotel is a little gem. ENJOY .  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CardiffExplorer
<Content>Great value for money I stayed at The Cosmopolitan in mid-June 2007. It's in a great location for Causeway Bay, with a tram stop just outside, Happy Valley Racecourse across the road, 5 mins walk to Times Square and plenty of taxis wherever you turn. Our room was lovely - huge, comfortable bed and a view of the Racecourse. Would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>kuos
<Content>Definitely budget hotel I stayed at this hotel with my husband on the 10 year anniversary hk handover weekend. The hotel I usually stay in, the Rosedale on the Park was fully booked and with the weekend being crowded with tourists, we couldnt find anything in the same price range. The hotel is definitely a budget hotel. The location was OK since we speak Chinese and can get around the city no problem, but most of the hotel rooms face a cemetary in the back. Kind of creepy but if any consolation it is very quiet at night. The clearning crew did not expect tips so when we left a 20 HKD tip the next morning we get lots of bottled water and fruit baskets. The hotel is overall clean but the bed is just hard like a rock. THe shower was powerful but there was no stall, just a shower curtain. The standard room is very very small but if you are on a budget trip this would be a suitable hotel. My husband however, vowed to stay at a 5 star next time.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>baldietraveller
<Content>Ideal hotel A very nice hotel. I believe you need to have a deluxe room if you expect the size of room to be european sizes, we did and found it superb. Hotel staff were numerous and very friendly, always willing to give assistance. A perfect location to ride the tram. Be brave step out the hotel cross to the middle of the roadway and wait at the tram stop. They arrive every 5 mins and cost 2$HK for any trip.... Make sure you have the change though. We tried the hotel breakfast which is in a nice setting, again great service. OK the english breakfast is not excactly as you would have a home but they try. Good thing is you have you eggs cooked as you order from a guy who cooks them in front of you. We used the hotel mini bus to go shopping once but after then it was generally taxis (also very cheap) or bus (air con'd) or open air rickety old tram to get around. If you book with the hotel direct they will order a car to collect you from the airport. It's a little bit more than a cab or train (but not if there are 3/4 of you) and it is a nice comfy Merc. You can also be met as you come through customs, useful after a long flight. All in all, HK was a great experience and this hotel was a great place as a base. The hotel reception have cards with the hotel name on, they are useful to give taxi drivers but most of the taxi drivers understood if I said happy valley or made stupid impressions of a jockey riding a horse !!. Yep I'd recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>HKaddict
<Content>Great Value Hotel - Impressive View       Deluxe Room - Race Course view - 21st floor  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>HotplateOntario
<Content>Small room with frosted windows and expensive extras We stayed 3 nights in May /07 and got this hotel through Priceline. We were satisfied with the price at $80 US per night. However, we requested a non smoking room on a upper floor, there was non available so they put us in a smoking room with frosted windows This room was small and not having a window to look out felt a bit cloister phobic for us. We disagree with some of the people that wrote in saying the hotel location is not good location. (We had an advantage though because my wife lived in Hong Kong for 5 years so she knows her way around). We actually found this hotel is in a very good location for getting to a lot of tourist spots in Hong Kong. We took advantage of the free shuttle bus service the hotel offers but also took the MTR, buses, and trams all over Hong Kong. Tip#1 - The hotel staff don鈥檛 tell you this because I think they want you to book the tours with them but there is a bus stop just a 5 minute walk away from the hotel where the big double decker buses stop on there way to the Peak, Repulse bay and Stanley Market etc. These are very inexpensive and easy to use with an octopus card..Tip#2- Do not make phone calls from your room 鈥?they charge 8 HKD per call for local calls - walk to the 7-Eleven 5 minutes away to call for 1 HKD. Tip#3- The restaurant and laundry service in this hotel is very expensive - cheaper laundry service is available close to the 7-Eleven and there is lots of other restaurants around.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aussiemuso
<Content>Overpriced, but location good! We stayed at this property as part of a flight package deal. It was an expensive package and we were expecting a 4 star hotel (as advertised). The room was really old and smelled terrible and fixtures and fittings in need of refurbishment. Restaurant was quite nice, although we did only have one breakfast there. Within walking distance of Times Square and convenient for shopping and public transport. Efficient reception staff. I think there would be better deals out there for the money!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rajitha
<Content>Good Place to Stay in Hong Kong Island I was in Hong Kong for the first time on a business trip. This place is a very nice place to stay . They have nice rooms with City View.Staff was helpful and friendly. Hotel has Free Wi-Fi access at the lobby and Internet at rooms. There is a Free shuttle bus service, which I used to go around the Hong Kong Island and to get into stations. There was a spa next to the hotel and its a great way relax when you are on a tiring business trip. I recommend this place to anyone who is planing a trip to Hong Kong.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>M&SSurrey
<Content>Awful Service! My husband and I spent three weeks in Australia and either side of the trip spent 24 hours in Hong Kong. We stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel on our way back to the UK.(If you are considering Hong Kong - the Island is much nicer)The flights from Sydney were delayed which meant that we did not arrive at the hotel until around 7pma and were told the hotel was FULLY BOOKED - despite booking and paying for the accomodation at least four months previously through Expedia. The hotel finally managed to find two rooms for us to choose between for our stay (dont know how they managed to do this if they were fully booked!!!!) - one twin smoking room and one disabled room with a double bed.We chose to take the disabled room after being informed by the hotel staff that the only difference was a couple of handrails in the bathroom - NOT the case, the bathroom in fact was fully equiped for a disabled person and not suitable for an able bodied person. A polite telephone call to reception to explain we had been misinformed actually resulted in an arguement with a rude and aggressive reception and we cant even blame it on a language barrier as the English was perfect! Nobody apologised for our inconvienience and we were basically told tough luck when we complained about not being provided the room we had paid for. We were finally given the smoking twin room at just before 10pm! Thats nearly three hours to check in!The hotel itself is clean, the rooms are small (standard for HK) and the location is ok (opposite The Happy Valley Race Course).  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>matthijst
<Content>Lovely, great views       View from our room  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Queen_of_NW2
<Content>The Toy Suite was a great find Moved into Cosmopolitan to accommodate arrival of my husband and four year old son, joining me and my 5 month old daughter. After spending 3 nights alone at the Four Seasons, the Cosmopolitan was a comedown, but its charms grew on me. They cleverly gave us the Toy Suite (room 1012) which was stuffed with toys and Disney DVDs. It's not a grand suite by any means, but comfortable with a kitchenette, table and chairs. Bathroom had a separate shower and good range of toiletries. And the view -right onto the racecourse - was a great extra.We ate room service several times: it was fair, though menu not extensive. Hotel restaurant had good local food though not cheap. Shuttle service to Times Square and Central efficient. Staff (bell captain in particular) very attentive and friendly. For 拢120 a night, I thought it was a steal for a family.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>amhger
<Content>Avoid it by all means (goes for a standard room) Here goes my not-so-good experience with this hotel and I try to save as many of you as I can from the same: Due to a trade fair and great numbers of weekend visitors from Mainland China, when I arrived to HK airport and checked the hotel reservation desk, they could only offer very few hotels with 1 night availability, and Cosmopolitan was the one with 2 nights available (which is a sign already, right?). Well, at least I'd heard the name before and knew roughly where it was, so why not book it. More than 200 USD per night plus all the fees and taxes was a lot but I hoped for some great value. Well, it wasn't to happen this time.BTW the location is ok, not far by foot to Times Square and the MTR, fellow travellers discussed it before. The reception was acting cool (outright rude by Asian standards) yet quick. Nobody showed any interest to help us with the luggage. The tiny room was on the 3rd floor, had frosted windows (the graveyard issue mentioned earlier - Chinese cannot stand the view of their ancestors). I guess a lower floor must be disappointing even at the better side of the hotel, as there is an elevated expressway right in front. (How did they take the pictures without it?) At one day, the bed was shifted and not put back during cleaning, next time, the desk cover ended up on top of the TV set. At least we had the impression that some cleaning took place.Amenities: Wireless internet in the room is considered standard in Asia, while it might not always be free of charge (in Taiwan it usually is). Cosmopolitan charged for a wired connection which rendered my on-site trip planning difficult. During the last night, we had to complain that there were no big towels, so after a while they brought us - two more small towels, big size was out! BTW I was travelling with an Asian friend and they would always open the door for me, but not for him - i don't call this good service but racism. Against their own race, actually. They treated us equal in the respect that we both never saw a smile on their faces. Well no worries, they will not see my face again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>manochas
<Content>Not going to that hotel ever again Many things, that combined to not so good experience at the hotel. 1. Dont book through a travel agent, they do not get you what you asked for, at the hotel the front desk ladies are rude, as if they are doing a favor to us. 2. If that was not enough, travel agent of a repute in Hongkong, booked for me a standard room, and that was a small room with queensize bed, in front of lift, the smallest anyone could ever imagine, they are giving out rooms that are built using the space under the stairs. 3. After getting them to task, and threatening to leave the hotel, they tell me to pay me 400 HKD more for a room, that is similar but slightly bigger in size, when I asked them to give me the complete bill of what room they give me and what charges they took, as usual the rude front desk, refused flatly. Saying we do not give bill to people who book through travel agent. 4. DO NOT Take broadband service in your room, complete fraud, the service will work good for 1 hour and then the speed goes down like hell. Completely pathetic. 5. Ask for a service from housekeeping, they will say right there sir, we are coming, no-one turns up until you are ready for checkout, and will look at you as if you are going to give them a good tips for the wonderful service. I have left these feedback at hotel for Anita Chan too, if she gets to read. On a whole a bad bad hotel. Not worth.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>cinty
<Content>Lovely hotel, though a little on the small side...               
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Sarah_Craig
<Content>We Recommend You Upgrade To Deluxe!!       exterior  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Montana Business Man
<Content>Best buy in Hong Kong If this is your first trip to Hong Kong.....the Cosmopolitan Hotel probably isn't for you. because of its slightly-out-of-the-way location. If, however, you've been to Hong Kong before, this hotel has to offer the best luxury/comfort deal in the entire town. For a little more than US$100 a night, I enjoyed a spotlessly clean, very moden, larger-than-expected, delightful room. It is a 10-15 walk to the nearest Metro station. But the hotel offers a free shuttle that drops you off right in front of it. No question ---- there are more luxurious hotels but the Cosmopolitan Hotel has to be the best hotel bargain in all of Hong Kong. If your company is picking up the tab, there are better hotels. If you're spending your own money, however, this is THE PLACE for you.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MeAko
<Content>Modern Style, Clean, Good Service, Shuttle is the Best! Location. The hotel is FAR from the MTR station. But this weakness becomes an asset because they have a shuttle that brings you right to TimeSquare where you can get to the MTR in no time. I think this is a better deal than getting a hotel near the MTR where you'd have to walk 5-10 mins, with this hotel, you don't have to walk, just step on and off the shuttle.Rooms. The rooms are clean, they have a modern design and are pleasing to the eyes. I don't recall the bed being hard but do recall that their beddings and linen being luxurious and soft.Internet. Wireless broadband in the lobby for free!Service. One of the receptionist was very pretty. When I got back, I was billed for a mini-bar consumption which I did not consume, they replied within 24 hours of my email and charged back my account pronto. Very impressive.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We are halfway through a weeks stay here and are so impressed we wanted to write a review now! The location is not an issue for us - ten minutes to Times Square, where there is a Metro station and a huge shopping mall.First impressions of this place were that the entrance hall and reception were very swish and clean, and reception staff were very helpfull. We got a good deal for a deluxe room with Expedia, which overlooks the race course and city. If you stay for 6 nights you get a night free, plus you have free internet and 100HKD (which doesn't go very far!) laundry a day. Not all delux rooms have computers in them, so unless you have your own, request a room with a computer. We got upgraded to a course view room, from a city room, and they also moved us to a room with a computer, which we very pleased about. Delux rooms are very spacious, clean and stylish, with beige and cream colour scheme. Service so far has been excellent. If our views change at the end of a our stay, I will post another review.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, except hard bed This place had excellent service, everyone spoke English including housekeeping. The location was good for us because it was a 5 min walk from HK Times Sqaure and also near the home of my boyfriend's Aunt in Causeway bay. It was very close to above ground public transportation. Subway was about a 5min walk, maybe 10 min depending on your walking speed. Shuttle will take you right there though. We had a room with a view. It was more money. Their shuttle service is good and the tour desk was helpful. All of the tours will sell you plates with your photo on it. Its hard to refuse, so I am warning you ahead of time to bring extra HK dollars. Food in the restaurant in the hotel was below average and overpriced. Don't bother with it. The Thai restaurant in the food emporium is awesome and priced very well. My only real complaint about the room was that the bed was hard.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, shame about the bed We had a room overlooking the cemetary. The window was of course frosted but this was not a problem to us. We went to hong kong to see the city not to stay in a hotel room all day. The room was a little small, no bath but a good walk in shower. The bed however was very very hard, boardering on the uncomfortable. My wife didnt find it too bad but me.....The room was perfectly cleaned everyday and the staff very helpful. We arrived at 9 in the morning and they managed to find us a room.Some people have said they found the hotel to be a little out of the way...not at all. Use the tram just outside the hotel or you could use the bus, there is a stop also outside the hotel. Failing that the nearest MTR station is 10 min walk away at Times Square.Overall we were happy with the hotel, we went to Hong Kong to see the city not to stay inside a hotel room all day. Good price, reasonable location. Hard bed.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wrong Floor plan in Cosmopolitian Hotel Complaint 1: No bath tub in Standard RoomAccording to my booking record throught [-------], I had arrange a standard room for 11 nights. At the first night, I found that it had no bath tub in my room. The bathroom only had a handheld shower and with NO shower platform. After showered, the ENTIRE bathroom floor were all wet, slippery and surrounded with dirty showered water. My foot got wet each time when I went to bathroom after shower. It was difficult not to enter bathroom. I almost fell down few times. It was very dangerous and inconvenience. I asked front desk if I can change to a better room which has a bath tub. They said the room that I reserved has no bath tub. At this time I thought I must make a reservation mistake,so I didn't force them to change my room. I was suffered at this inconvenience situation for 11 nights during my vacation.After I came back to US, I have checked [--------] andCosmopolitan hotel web sites. [-------]didn't stated that standard room did not have a bath tub. It said it has a handheld shower only. Then, I checked Cosmopolitan Hotel web site. The floor plan clearly stated that it has a bath tub in Standard Room. I was so mad after I found that out. If I know Standard room do not have bath tub, I would not arrange Standard room or even stay at Cosmopolitan Hotel during my vacation. I felt that i was cheated from them. Compliant 2: Non-Smoking Floor same as Smoking FloorI was staying on Non-Smoking floor. I found peoplewere smoking on that floor twice. I had complainedtwice but the situation wasn't improved before I left.**I don't think it is considered as a 4 stars hotel as they said in Cosmopolitian hotel web site. !!!As a result, the hotel was clean enough. Services were OK. But it was not convenient enough connected to the main shopping center. If you are familiar in Hong Kong, I would recommended this hotel. Otherwise you should find another one which has a better location.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gary1726
<Content>Decent Hotel We stayed for 3 nights in a 'Delux' room in mid December and both thought it was a decent little hotel. Having never been to HK before, I found the location to be very central and just a few minutes walk to the trams (the best way to get around HK island!)Rooms were large, bed huge and very comfortable, and bathroom had some nice touches like a glass wash basin, bath though was tiny! Overall I think that for the money, you cant go wrong with this hotel. (P.S, I to was worried about all of these stories about the graveyard out the back, so get a Delux room or above, which all face the front and have great views of the skyline/reacecourse. Enjoy.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jen83
<Content>Nice Hotel, a little out of the city centre Although this hotel is a little out of the city centre it was a pleasure to stay there. We stayed in a superior room which was larger than the average hotel room and was very modern, there was also a free minibus service into the city centre and directly to the city centre station which has a check in desk for most airlines so you can check on the morning of your flight, leave your suitcases and enjoy the rest of you day before flying home! I would recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't mind staying out of the city centre.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moose4580
<Content>A good but not great option in HK Have stayed at the Cosmopolitan a few times now on business and once with my family. Service is average at best. Rooms are small which is typical in HK. The location is good next to Happy Valley race track and on a bus line. It's about four blocks to Times Square and the Causeway Bay MTR stop. The price is very good with our corporate membership arranged directly with the hotel. No exercise facilities. The restaraunt is very bad and expensive.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Next to a cemetary, and hospital Stayed in HK for 6 days. not in this hotel but decided to write a review for travellers in case if it matters whether the hotel is near a cemetary and hospital, particularly for chinese.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 2 nights at New Year and found it very good value for money. Don't get me wrong, it's not five star, but the rooms were spotlessly clean, nicely decorated and well equipped. The room was bigger than expected (having lived in HK for 4 years, I am conscious that hotels rooms are often v pokey) and had a great racecourse view.Basically, I just wanted a decent hotel room that would not break the bank and the Cosmopolitan is great for that. It's in a good location (5-10 min taxi to Central and the harbour).I didn't venture into the restaurant - there are much nicer places to eat in HK!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>club_connoisseur
<Content>Mediocre rooms with nice view Had deluxe room with course view - ended up top floor (25flrs) with clear views out over racecourse - v. nice if races on!Hotel facilties themselves definitely nothing special - cheapish shower unit with brownstained curtain, freezing or off A/C, so so club sandwich (that distinctive indicator of service!), bizarre reception service / style.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Bobthegob
<Content>Enjoyable Stay at the Cosmopolitan       View from room  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Very Hard Bed ruins an otherwise nice hotel This is a very nice and very hip Hong Kong hotel. It is in easy walking distance of the Times Square area and I found it was very enjoyable at most levels. Room size was also good for Hong Kong in the executive room we stayed in. However the beads are so hard that it just makes sleeping in the hotel painful. We talked with the front desk but all mattresses in the hotel are the same. They fitted a mattress cover over the top to provide some comfort, but it really made very little difference. I鈥檝e stayed in hotels all over the world and never had a bed anything like this hard before. My wife was actually waking up with a stiff back. I can鈥檛 understand how an otherwise great hotel could have such obviously uncomfortable mattresses. Anyway, this was a major disappointment for us.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>getdown
<Content>Good hotel in scenic location: be prepared to walk I've just read one review which says he (or she) had to straddle the sink to use the toilet. They must be very tall and flexible to achieve that, as I've just checked and seems a physical impossibility!Anyway, stayed here three nights with a good rate booked through the website. Originally told all standard non-smoking rooms were taken, but only took one astonished look and a grumble to get upgraded to deluxe course view room. Rooms are good, beds comfortable, view great and free wireless access in the lobby - $120 for 24 hours in guest rooms. The only downside is the walk to the MTR station which gets a bit tiring once you've been here for a while. Otherwise, one of the cheaper places in Hong Kong when I was looking and recommended. You could do much, much worse.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Standard rooms not worth it, suites nice Booked this hotel through priceline. Upon arrival was given a room with a frosted window. This was a lesuire trip with my girlfriend and the room was a not a place you wanted to spend any time besides sleeping. Anyway, we wanted to get a room with a view. This is called a deluxe room in the hotels terminology and costs about the double. Basically the same room - but with a view.Since we had already paid for the standard room via priceline we instead decided to upgrade to a suite for a substantial higher price. The suite was very nice but at a high cost. Will probably stay elsewhere on next trip.The breakfast buffet ok.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, Not good Location       Twin Room  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kuiken
<Content>Pleasant stay in a nice part of the city In a full booked hotel sometimes you are unlucky and the room is not available when you arrive. We had bad luck. Our room was still occupied, and we had to wait 2 hrs. We had a 12 hrs flight, when we arrived. But we were well informed by a nice receptionist. The area is a good area to stay, that means we went for a coffee and some shopping. Waiting was not that bad. The room, had this so called frozen windows. We were aware of that, it was not a surpise, but we can imagine that if you do not know this you will be very surprised. For us it was no problem at all. A small room but we had everything we needed. It was well clean, and housekeeping was doing it best. Everyday they changed the sheets and towels. When we came back after a day Hongkong, we came in a pleasant and comfartable room.About the breakfest we were not satisfied. The Continental breakfest was poor and expensive, the buffet was not great. Simple. We made the choise to have breakfest in the city. The Continental hotel is in a pleasant area. Shops, shops, restaurants and subway nearby. Good location!!!Our last day we could have the room untill 15.00 hrs, cause we had a late departure back to the Netherlands.They did not hurry us, and gave us all the time untill the check-out time. Suitcases was taking care of. So you see for us it was a good choise to stay in the Continental.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmills1956
<Content>small bathrooms Stayed here on October 26th and 27th.Upgraded to a deluxe room as it came with a view and the breakfast buffet, so had a room on the 12th floor looking at the racetrack.Breakfast was good, the location is somewhat convenient, and the Causeway Bay MTR station is a short walk... and you can always hail a cab.Bathrooms are small. Only a small shower stall and a large designer bowl for the bathroom sink which leaves very little counter space.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>long3view
<Content>The Cosmopolitan really isn't very cosmopolitan   showReview(3808448, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than most   showReview(3729052, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dexi83
<Content>If you want absolute luxury...   showReview(3724243, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A trip to Hong Kong   showReview(3483252, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never come back   showReview(3434469, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Strange Location   showReview(3418509, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>squirrel703
<Content>Good hotel, close to everything   showReview(3415967, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel.   showReview(3316535, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Madrona
<Content>Cosmopolitan Hotel   showReview(3303565, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Kleriker
<Content>Im Wanchai Viertel wohnen   showReview(19953608, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vraiment tr猫s sympa   showReview(20555173, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Hotel tolle stadt   showReview(18540583, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TO BE AVOIDED   showReview(17437570, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Josef_Schwarz
<Content>Empfehlenswert !   showReview(16397475, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>globalement decevant   showReview(16591696, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes City Hotel aber modrige Zimmer   showReview(16601437, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇傘倞銇堛仾銇勩兓銉汇兓   showReview(19169147, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas mal mais je n'y retournerai pas   showReview(13980993, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(11305612, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11303444, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Voll ausreichend f眉r einen entspannten Messebesuch   showReview(11303443, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Transithotel mit Zentraler Lage   showReview(11660302, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>fast rundum zufrieden   showReview(11661752, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(11305611, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>kleines, aber feines Hotel, zentral gelegen!   showReview(11447445, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CSEPr
<Content>Ni bueno ni malo   showReview(8375384, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11492970, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A voir absolument !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(11430029, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein guter Standort f眉r Reisen nach HK   showReview(11430027, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(11393073, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽偣銉儩銉偪銉?#x201d;   showReview(19159978, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tolles Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11367477, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Neues Hotel, gute Lage   showReview(11347799, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bildsch枚nes Designhotel   showReview(11347798, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Mittelklasse-Hotel f眉r Urlaub    showReview(11347797, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(11336640, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2鍥炵洰銇粸鍦?#x201d;   showReview(19158105, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱偢銉嶃偣銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19156698, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇熴伓銈撳埄鐢ㄣ仐銇俱仜銈?#x201d;   showReview(19156519, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娆″洖銇儜銈?#x201d;   showReview(19156382, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞閬庛仈銇欍伀銇亜銇勩亱銈?#x201d;   showReview(19156310, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儯銉堛儷銉愩偣銇屼究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19155486, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛撯槄渚℃牸銇э紨鈽呫伄婧€瓒虫劅銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19930428, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱亗銇俱亗銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19930347, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉椼兂銇椼仧銇︺伄銉涖儐銉仹銇欙紒   showReview(19929871, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

