<Author>Landwlkr
<Content>Good Christmas Holiday at the Residence       Living Room  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RAYANDRON
<Content>A perfect location We have stayed here twice in the last couple of months, because of the location the price is less then downtown Boston, but don't let that fool you, the hotel is still with in walking distances to alot of the attractions, and public transportation ( you really do not want to drive in Boston unless you have to. the cab fare to Faniual Hall with tip is less them 10.00., You can also take the water shuttle for a few dollars that brings you to Aquarium area and get a great Boston skyline and Harbor sight seeing trip. Back to the hotel, we stayed in both the one bedroom suite and two bedroom suite. I would not recomment the one bedroom suit if there are more than 2 people, the rooms were very clean and roomy. the kitchen was a nice feature. The restaruant on sight food was ok. We ordered room service one night and food was served in to go containers and was charged a room service charge and delivery charge, I found out later I could call in the order and go down and pick it up my self, which I would have done if all I was getting is take out. they also have a hot buffet breakfast everymorning. the food is good, and there is a good variety.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Honestly-M
<Content>You will absolutely enjoy the hospitality at this hotel!       The view from our room-Zakim Bridge  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheGreatOutdoors
<Content>A Really Good Hotel Chose this hotel based on reviews both of this hotel and of others based more centrally and we were very pleased with the choice. Front desk staff were always really helpful (particularly the gentleman on when we arrived), the room was great (harbour view 鈥?great for jet lagged travellers to watch the sun rise) with a sitting room and small kitchen and breakfast was excellent. The hotel is located on the Freedom Trail close to the U.S.S. Constitution so is great for anyone planning to follow the trail. It鈥檚 also just over the bridge from the North End area, so 10 鈥?15 minutes walk from the various restaurants on Hanover Street. The rate was also 50 鈥?75% of some of the more central hotels which made it feel even better value. Thoroughly recommended for anyone who doesn鈥檛 have to be right next door to the centre.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>bamom91
<Content>Nice headquarters for a family trip to Boston I loved the waterfront views from the Residence Inn. Rooms were extremely clean and very spacious, which made it perfect for a stay with the kids. Everyone had enough room to move around. The hotel was quiet and comfortable and the perfect place to relax after a day of seeing the sights in Boston. I didn't use the kitchen but it looked well equipped enough for one to cook a simple meal. The morning breakfast offerings were good, but because we stayed there on a summer weekend, the dining area was packed with families and kids and it was a little hard to get a table. There aren't many restaurants nearby so be prepared to walk or take a cab to dinner. Otherwise, this was a great place to stay!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Generic90
<Content>A comfortable, pleasant stay I stayed at this property during my tenure on a consulting project, which lasted from July 2007 through August 2008. This is a newer property near the Charlestown Navy Yard, along Boston Harbor and the entrance to the Charles River, but right up against the old Charlestown Bridge. This means that half the suites face the bridge and have virtually no view, while the other half has a very pleasant view. Fortunately, I had an upper-floor room with the harbor view during my stay. The facility and suites were very safe and secure, and the property is in a safe part of the city.If you drive, free parking is exceedingly limited, so in all likelihood, you will find yourself utilizing the valet service. For those who choose to walk and/or utilize transit, the facility is within easy walking distance to Bunker Hill and is practically within a few minute-walk from the USS Constitution. It is a 10-minute walk across the river to the TD Banknorth Garden - which also houses the closest transit station - and the historic North End neighborhood. Taxis are frequently queued outside the property, so for those not inclined to walk, access to the rest of the city is easy. The weak points are that - while there are some good full-service restaurants in the neighborhood - quick-service restaurants were non-existent. There was a servicable - albeit unspectacular - grocery store that was also about a 10-minute walk from the hotel. Overall cleanliness of the property was very good to excellent. The suite was somewhat small, but as a solo traveler, it was spacious enough, and was comfortable. The suite was clean, and all was in good working order. If something did happen to break or otherwise go wrong, maintenance services were responsive and made things right in short order. The bed was very comfortable. The kitchenette was fine, although a bit impractical to do anything more than microwave cooking. The suites were quiet, so external disturbances were minimal. From time to time, hot water in the suite could be hard to come by. But usually that was in the morning during the time that they were making their breakfast and when those guests heading to work were likely to be up and getting ready for the day. Laundry services were plentiful, albeit a bit expensive.There was a free breakfast service served seven days a week, which offered a good variety of food and was generally satisfying. On Mondays through Thursdays from 5pm to 6:30pm, they served a free hospitality snack and/or beverage, which often times was hearty enough to be an evening meal. The facility did have a cafe, which in the warmer months had the bulk of its seating outside on the pier, that was decent. In the summer months, the hotel also offered free movies that were shown on the pier. The front desk staff was overall very pleasant and responsive to all guest requests. They were also very knowledgable about the area, and the best options to access them. The housekeeping was also very pleasant, and even the property managers were pretty cordial and responsive.Overall, I had a very good lodging experience at this property. I did have colleagues who worked with me at various times during my tenure there who had different experiences with suite quality and such, but I cannot speak to those individual opinions. All I can say is that I would recommend this property with no qualms - particularly if you can procure a room with the harbor view.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sandaUk
<Content>Good stay Clean and roomy accomodation, helpful staff, good service.Small pool.Location in Charlstown v nice area - wish we'd explored more and near to Bunker Hill and USS Constitution, quiet - but not many shops close and a fair walk into Boston itself. Not on Metro route. Research location carefully and ensure you're ok with that!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hawaiiantraveler66
<Content>Very Impressive! You know, it is so nice to go to a city and find a hotel that treats you like they are in a small town. I was very impressed with the Residence Inn Tudor Wharf. From the Front Desk manager to the valet they were friendly and courteous. But not the fake courteous.I would highly recommend this hotel!One thing, being they are in a historical area and Boston has seen numerous changes to the road system, don't trust your tom tom even if it has been updated.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dimpliciouzz
<Content>Not a fabulous hotel, but still worth a try This hotel is good for families staying for more than 3 days, because of the full kitchen suite. However, there isn't any supermarket or 711 to stock your kitchen. The hotel claims that they will buy your groceries if you provide them a shopping list and they will charge it to your room. We didn't bother to stock the fridge with anything because we were only staying for the weekend. The complimentary breakfast is great every morning. Also, if you want room service, it's only available after 5:30pm.If you're interested in sightseeing keep in mind that the nearest train station is over the bridge, but it isn't a bad walk at all. It turned out that this hotel was very convenient for us because we went to a Celtics game our first night and the TD BankNorth Arena was right after the bridge. We found it interesting while taking the train around some areas that the stations were actually rather close to each other so each stop was very quick. Honestly we could have just walked and covered the same areas but it was a little chilly.Another attraction not too far from the hotel is the New England Aquarium which is worth checking out. Legal Sea Foods is right across the aquarium and is always a great choice if you can't decide where to eat.The next time I'm in Boston I would try another hotel that's a bit more modern but this hotel was ok. It's kept very clean and secure and the waterfront view with the boats is worth the price.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lip89
<Content>Great hotel with a great view but not the best location for tourists! I stayed here during my wedding in December and booked all the guests here as well since it was close proximity to the Navy Yard where I was getting married. I was very impressed at how new the hotel is and how friendly the staff is. The place was built in the last few years and is tucked away close to the Charlestown Navy Yard. It is quite nice coming into the lobby and it has a continental breakfast area that I was atucally quite impressed with. There is a fireplace that makes the place cozy. The rooms are quite nice as well. We stayed in a junior suite and there was a small kitchen in there in a seperate area and a couch. The views from the rooms are awesome, with a great view of the city and the large Zackum Bridge. You are right on the harbor so it is great to see the scenery. I would say for tourists this isnt the best location. You are across the river in Charlestown which is a $10 cab ride into the city. If you are going to pay this kind of money to saty here, stay within the city limits. This place is more for people that want to stay outside the city and stil be close. I would recommend this place!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ellie01
<Content>Great Hotel, Poor Location I thought this hotel overall was good but the location was poor. The room had refrigerator, stove and a sink. In the morning a full breakfast was served buffet style, which was a plus. There was a pool that was very nice, my kids enjoyed it very much. The only downside to this hotel is the location to the center of the city. If you want to get to the main attractions you must walk over the Charlestown Bridge, which I found dangerous. The pedestrian walkway was very narrow and walking with a carriage made it even worse because there was a steep climb. There is a trolley which stops a few feet from the hotel but it was a long wait getting to the hotel because of all the traffic (I waited 1 1/2 hours and the trolley never came). One helpful tip if you are staying in this hotel would be not to use valet service. It was expensive and for half the price you could park it yourself right next to the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>22601go
<Content>Waterfront - Marina - Great Views - NICE Rooms - Great Service Weekend getaway in Boston.. Took the water taxi from Logan airport to dock in front of hotel..nice walk to Bunker Hill..short ride to Hanover St. to great food in little Italy.. check out the Daily Catch.. or Olives a three min. walk from the hotel .. great value.. great service..enjoy this hotel!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dcer1432
<Content>Pleasant surprise Although the hotel was a little over my normal budget, I was more than pleased with the facility and location. The hotel itself was immaculate. The rooms were huge and very comfortable. We were only fortunate enough to have the continental breakfast they offered and it was by far one of the best I have ever seen or had. It had just about everything you could imagine and then some. The location of the Marriott was perfect for those attending a show or sporting event at the TD Bank North Garden (Old Fleet Center), a stroll to Quincy Market, or sightseeing along the Boston Harbor and the USS Constitution. it took us only about 5-10 minutes to walk through a quaint, safe and beautiful park, across the canal to get to the Garden. Quincy Market was maybe about a 15 minute walk, and the USS Constitution was only about 2 minutes away. Another good thing about the hotel was that pets were also allowed. there is a charge for them, but after all pets are a part of some families.... This is the 4th hotel I have stayed at in the greater Boston area and one of which I will soon come back to!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>johnrd216
<Content>Great Place to Stay I have stayed at this hotel every time I stay over in Boston. The location of this hotel is great and the price is much better than the hotels in the center of the city. We usually walk over the bridge to the North End (little Italy) where you can find any number of top notch Italian eateries. Our FAVORITE is Giacomos at 355 Hanover Street (617-523-9026). This place is the absolute best. They don't take reservations, only take CASH, no desert, no cofee, just great-frsh-homemade food. Rachel Ray ate here and loved it too. You can also pick up the Freedom Trail in the North End. The Old North Chuch where Paul Revere raised the lantern is amazing. There is a portrait of George Washington and the booths that famous families from the 1700s used.Keep going through the north end down Hanover Street and you'll end up in Quincy Market. Here there are all kinds of bars. My personal favorite is the Black Rose, a nice Irish bar with live music.The Hotel is also a great place to stay for concerts at the TD BankNorth Center. You can see the arena from the hotel. It's a short walk or like a $10 cab ride-you pick.The hotel is also very close to the US Constitution and Bunker Hill. The Constitution is a must see. It is actually an active war ship with a full-time Navy crew on board. In the naval yard they also have a WWII destroyed and a few other ships that you can tour. The museum has a lot of information about the naval yard.Overall we have found this hotel to be our place to stay in Boston.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>wow47
<Content>Great hotel and location A great hotel! My husband and I traveled to Boston for some fun and we found it. This hotels location was perfect for us. We flew in to Logan and jumped on the T to get to hotel. It was very easy and cheap. We loved the hotels Charlestown location. The neighborhoods were beautiful ane we loved the Warren Tavern. The hotels location made it easy to walk to the North End, Thaniel Hall, even Newberry Street. I will say we are big walkers but it was all managable. The hotel was very clean with great views. We were very pleased over-all.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>murphykelk
<Content>Good location We stayed at the Inn for 9-27-29th for a concert. Honestly, I wasn't thrilled with staying here but the hotel was paid for so I wasn't expecting too much. I read reviews about the parking behind the hotel but did it anyway. Our car had an alarm which was a rented vehicle and I took the chance. I noticed the day we left there had been some window glass in the spot next to me so it appeared as though someone's window had been broken into.The location was great. This I cannot stress enough. Get a high floor room if you can. We aksed for a waterview but they were booked up. The room was clean and was big enough for us. I would think anymore than two people would be too cramped. The front desk was more than helpful and accomodating. They even printed out my boarding passes for me since I forgot. Bunker hill was a short walk from the Inn and beautiful. Breeder's Hill, the climb of 294 steps was worth it and the walk around the neighborhoods was great. We walked to the north end right over the bridge and ate Pizza Reggina(cash only) and a great atmosphere.We got to the Inn on Thursday, Friday went to concert in the evening and we really hustled to see everything. We accomplished quite a bit and my legs feel it for sure. When we have more time we will go back to Boston. It has a wonderful feel to the city with so much history and beauty.Cons: Granted it's not a hotel they could have had a better selection of late night room service. Room service ends at 9:30 p.m. The parking is a risk.Pro's: Great location. Good service. free breakfast with plenty to chose from. I would stay here again since the location was great and the people were nice.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>NC123Nj
<Content>Location is great The Marriot had a great location if you don't have a car. It's a 10 minute walk to the T, right outside the North End (Little Italy). I stayed with 5 other women for a long girls weekend. We were accommadated with an early check in, the front desk was extremely helpful. They offered help even when we didn't ask. They called Duck Tours and booked tickets for us at the last minute and had the tickets faxed to us. We had requested adjoining rooms, but no rooms there are attached. We just had rooms next to each other. The rooms were clean, bright and cheerful and pretty comfortable. The couch was a little industrial, but no big deal. The shower was wonderful, nice and big and a great showerhead. Beds were very nice also. The only thing wrong about the rooms were that we were on the 2nd floor and our view was the side of the bridge-the one with the Freedom Trail across it. Other than that -the rooms were great.The breakfast you get with the room was better than some you pay for in restaurants. The selection of food was tremendous, always hot and always plenty of it. Coffee was good too. You could make a plate and bring it to your room if there wasn't enough seating. The lobby basically held the buffet which seemed a little odd-but as I said-if you couldn't get a table or you felt funny eating out in the open-go back to your room. The cafe was open for lunch and dinner-same set-up-in the lobby. Food is simple-sandwiches, salads, nothing special. With all the great choices just outside your door-go to the breakfast but forget about anything else. They do have a tiny store in the lobby for candy, beverages, frozen food and ice cream. A nice touch if you really need it.Dollar for dollar the suite was well worth the price and the breakfast included made it even better. We never made it to the complimentary dinner-not sure what that was all about, but I heard the front desk staff telling people about it. The pier was nice and when the weather was warmer and all the tables were outside I'm sure it was very pretty. The airport is only 3 miles away, a great plus. The staff made sure we got a taxi van that fit 5 people instead of two taxis that would cost much more. I can't say enough about them-the front desk staff-my brother broke his glasses and they found some crazy glue for him. I would defintely stay at this hotel again and I highly recommend it when you go to Boston.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LJ233
<Content>Great hotel! My husband, daughter and I stayed at this hotel Sept 13-17 in a waterfront suite. We were on the 7th floor at the very end of the floor. The harbor view was fantastic! The staff was very helpful and friendly. The morning breakfast was quite good and fresh. The walls are thin and we could hear conversations and the T.V. but they stopped at a reasonable hour. Location was good. Walking distance to the North End where there is an abundance of excellent restaurants and pastry shops. We took the water taxi and the T to get around to other parts of the city. We have no complaints and would gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>littlegrrl
<Content>great for family vacation We had a great stay at this hotel when traveling with our 8 1/2 and 5 year old. We had a room with 2 queen beds which was plenty big for us and the bedroom was closed off from the living area which meant when the kids went to bed, we could still stay up and hang out (and they could slip out into the living room in the AM to watch TV and not wake us up right away). The hotel had a great breakfast every morning--scrambled eggs, taco shells, potatoes, cheese, french toast, pancakes, cereal, oatmeal, etc. The indoor pool was small but just fine for our 2 kids every morning and no one besides us ever seemed to use it. We were able to park for free in a small lot right behind the hotel--we were told by the staff that we were parking at our own risk and were warned of a recent break-in back there but it's an extremely well-lit area, visible from the hotel rooms and we had no problems leaving our car there for the 5 days we were there. The location is about a 10 minute walk to the nearest T station (North Station) and getting around Boston was very easy from this stop. The water taxi was also only about a 10 minute walk from the hotel and took us right over to the aquarium. It's also about a 10 minute walk to the North End which made for lots of great Italian dinners and pastries. Oh, and there's a small playground area in Paul Revere Park which is across the highway from the hotel and on the way to the T station. It's a pretty scenic location too, located right on the Freedom Trail and the wharf with some really nice views of boats and a very cool bridge that is lit up at night which the kids really liked. All in all, we were very happy with our stay, although it was a little pricier than we usually spend on a hotel. But...I guess considering we were all able to comfortably live within one room, our breakfast was included, we had a pool available, and we ended up not having to pay the $30+/night parking fees, it all worked out okay!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>viross5000
<Content>Perfectly decent tourist hotel, with REALLY comfortable beds! This is a clean pleasant hotel in a great location for tourists. A quick hop across the bridge and you're at north station with easy access to the rest of the city.The bedrooms are large and clean with a kitchenette. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable - despite jetlag I slept very soundly! The bathroom was the only disappointment - very small and somewhat shabby, although by no means dirty.Breakfast was fine - there is the usual selection of fruit, bagels, muffins etc together with some hot food which varied from morning to morning.We didn't eat in the hotel - Boston has some great eating places and we didn't think this would be one of them. However, the terrace is the perfect place for an early evening drink overlooking the marina.Small gripe - we asked twice about public transport options into Boston if we didn't want to walk across the bridge and were told there were none. It was only towards the end of our stay that we found out there was a bus that went from just over the road, straight into downtown Boston. A little disappointing having wasted money on taxis.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	2	5	

<Author>OPGatoRx
<Content>I Love Boston! I used the Marriott website to book our 7-night trip to Boston. I debated between taking this hotel and another Residence Inn in Cambridge but ultimately decided on this one. The location was great because it was within a 10 minute-walk to the North Station metro stop or the water ferry that was also part of the public transportation system (BIG HINT: at the airport buy the weekly pass that gives you unlimited rides, then take the Metro line to the Aquarium, and from there take the water ferry to Charlestown. More interesting than a cab anyday.) The hotel is just off the Freedom Trail, and is walking distance to good restaurants, a supermarket (but it looks a little run down, especially if you are used to the Publix Supermarkets here in Florida), and a small branch of the public library with free internet. It is beside an office park and condos --- not in a typical touristy area but that works for some folks!Don't bother eating at its restaurant because you can get better food at the same price (North End Italian and Todd English's restaurants are walking distance), although the buffet breakfast is okay (comes with the room). The rooms come with a full-size fridge, a cooktop, and a microwave so you can always heat up any leftovers. We had a king-sized bed and a sleeper sofa; comfortable for a couple and a pre-teen but probably cramped if you had 2 kids or an older child. The swimming pool was tiiinnny --- but then who comes to Boston to swim when you're from Florida? We had problems with our shower but the maintenance guy came and fixed it right away. When you ask for your room see if you can get a higher floor facing AWAY from the bridge, so you get a view of the water and don't have to deal with road noise.I wouldn't mind staying here again but would like to suggest that their reception staff get to know the area so that they can give clear, concise directions to guests. Marriott should make it mandatory for all their hotels to have a printed fact sheet on hand with important info (directions using public transportation if available, location of nearby churches, supermarkets, etc.).  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>EllenAdena
<Content>Wonderful Water View  It was well worth it to book months in advance to get one of the few two bedroom, two bathroom suites (Suite 500). My husband and I were quite comfortable in the king size bed and our son found his queen size bed to be perfect for him. Both bedrooms had decent size private bathrooms.The view from the master bedroom was wonderful! We looked out at the water and at night we could see the Boston skyline beautifully illuminated. From the living room we also had a water view and could see the masts of the Constitution.We stayed at the Inn for a week and we would agree with other reviewer's comments about the breakfast buffet becoming uninteresting after a few mornings. Even though it lacked variety, it was a perfectly adequate buffet.The location was good for visiting Bunker Hill, the Constitution and for taking the water ferry to the Aquarium and the areas of the Freedom Trail near Long Wharf. In order to go to a game or a tour at Fenway Park, you should plan to leave adequate time to cross the bridge and walk to the T.We recommend dinner on the roof deck at the Tavern on the Water Restaurant (1/2 mile from the Inn) for both the seafood and the water views. We also recommend the Cape Anne Whale Watching tours out of Gloucester rather than the tours out of Boston. We hung out with the humpbacks for an amazing and magical hour and a half! It was the highlight of our trip.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Late-Travellers
<Content>best hotel This is a perfect hotel. We stayed for two nights and we had a suite with a king sized bed. The bedroom was spacious, a good size bathroom, an eat-in kitchen and living room all exceptionally clean. There were two things that made this hotel the best1.the bed and2.the complementary breakfast.The bed was the most comfortable we have ever slept in. The mattress was so comfortable and the bedding heavenly.Breakfast consisted of juices, fruit, oatmeal, cereal, toast, waffles, eggs, bacon, sausage - all fresh and cooked perfectly.We had breakfast on Saturday and Sunday mornings and although both days were busy full choices were available. We had a room overlooking the water with a beautiful view of the Boston skyline.The front desk staff gave us great advice about how to get to the city centre. There is a ferry service from the Navy yard 10 minutes walk from the hotel which takes you to the market area in the city . We were there at 8am on Saturday but the ferry starts at 10am on weekend days. We decided to walk across the bridge to the city 鈥?about 20 minutes and easy to find since the hotel is almost on the Freedom Trail. On the day we arrived we ate at the hotel cafe which was OK 鈥?staff were friendly and efficient. Overall a great hotel, helpful pleasant staff 鈥?we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maccbean
<Content>This hotel is just OK We stayed here before moving onto the Resdence Inn in New York. Glad we did because the NY Inn is far superior, and I would have been quite disappointed. The room was good and had a hob with saucepans, so I was able to boil water for tea. The room looked over the busy Charlestown Bridge. I'm glad it wasnt summer, as I would have wanted to open the window and there was no way you could because of the noise of the traffic. We tried breakfast only once, but all the hot buffet items were already cold and it was only 6:30am (jet lag!), however, we were able to toast bagels so all was not lost. My real bug bear was that we went out one day and came back at 3pm to find our door propped open. We just walked as anyone could have. There were a couple of other rooms with their doors also propped open. When I rang reception they apologised and said it must have been housekeeping. I couldn't help feeling a bit suspicious, and left the door sign on saying No Service for the rest of our stay. Overall, the hotel was just OK.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lbr8
<Content>Great Breakfast, Great Staff  We stayed at the hotel for about a week and booked a suite with a king sized bed. The room was a good size for 2 people with an 80lb dog; there was a decent sized bedroom with a small bathroom, an eat-in kitchen and living room with dog-friendly couch, TV and desk. The best part about the hotel was the complimentary breakfast every morning. And this isn't just run of the mill continental breakfast, it's a breakfast buffet - fruit, oatmeal, pancakes, cereal, toast, waffles...they even made my husband special eggs every morning (a small tip goes a long way).The staff was super friendly and tended to any needs we had. It's in a great location in Charlestown, right next to a dog park and good restaurants. The cafe food wasn't all that great and room service was even worse, but I'd still recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>TeddyBear03
<Content>Hair, hair everywhere! I travelled to Boston this Monday and Tuesday for business and my corporate travel agent booked this hotel for me as it is only a few minutes from our office by taxi. I admit I didn't have high expectations from a Residence Inn, but this one was even lower than I expected. To be fair, I'll point out that the staff was very nice and the complimentary breakfast was a nice touch. However, I have to comment on the cleanliness of my room. There was someone else's hair EVERYWHERE! In the tub, on the tissue dispenser, on the floor by the sink, on the couch, and I'm afraid to imagine where else. I didn't complain because I was too tired from travelling, but I wouldn't stay here again. Additionally, the room service menu was horrific. They only offer soups and sandwiches and the BLT I ordered arrived sans mayo. I picked at my dry sandwich and refused to take my socks off for fear of getting someone's hair on my feet. *shudder* I didn't get a good night's sleep at all...they gave me a HAIR with a room around it!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	4	3	3	

<Author>sammylynn
<Content>Superb Beds! Beautiful hotel, quiet and perfectly clean. However, the very best part and the most important part was the bed...it was outstanding! The mattress itself was so comfortable and the bedding, including the pillows were awesome. I am so tired of really nice hotels with beds that are so hard you can hardly sleep, that I was getting to the point of not wanting to travel much. But thank you Marriott....the beds were a dream and Marriott has become my hotel of choice from now on!! Also, the location was great, and the breakfast was delicious and far exceeded our expectations. Wonderful!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JoBos
<Content>What a great hotel! We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. After having read some of the reviews, we were a little worried about staying over the weekend (noise), having worn or dirty linens and finding a place to eat. But our fears were unfounded.The hotel is clean, bright and beautiful. The front desk staff was friendly and immediately offered us any help we might need. We were lucky enough to get a room at the end of the hallway with great views of the water, boats, bridges and Boston skyline. Wonderful sunrise/sunset views and, surprise, a window that opened to let in some of the fresh air.The food at the hotel cafe is great and there are several wonderful restaurants within a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel as well. I recommend the Warren Tavern and, if you're interested in watching Patriots football, the Ironside Grille. Otherwise, a mere 15-20 minute leisurely stroll over the bridge gets you into downtown Boston where restaurants and shopping abound! (Note though that, for some portion of the bridge, you're walking only on steel grates over the river. That is, don't look down!)The hotel was quiet and pleasant. We had drinks in the lounge every evening on comfortable chairs next to the fireplace. The bartender and waitresses were efficient and friendly. We liked having the option of having the room cleaned daily or not. On the days the maids cleaned, everything was vacuumed, scrubbed and spotless. They even ran the dishwasher and cleaned the microwave while we were out.I can't say enough good things about this hotel. It's a little pricey to those of us who don't travel all that often, but relatively inexpensive by Boston's standards and worth every penny. It was tough to leave and we'll be returning to this hotel again for sure.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Widgerys
<Content>Really Nice  This was a really nice hotel with friendly people, in a fairly convenient location near downtown Boston, very clean with good views from many of the rooms. The cost was very reasonable compared to other similiar hotels in the Boston area. Parking can be had for free IF you can get parked between the hotel and the bridge, which we were able to do quite easily and with no hassle. Just a 15 minute walk to TD Banknorth Garden, ( the old Fleet Center ) which is where we went to a WHO concert, just 1 night after Santana in Mansfield, to which this hotel offers easy highway access as well. We would certainly stay again without hesitation!! There is, however, not much life near here after midnight, even on the weekends, and please, please, do not under any circumstances order a pizza from the number they give you to call from the desk!! If you do, don't say you were not warned!!! Just a short walk across the bridge will get you to Maurissimos( or something like that ) authentic Italian restaurant, which was truly terrific and very informal. Staff there was extremely efficient and friendly!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>gb293
<Content>Great Location, good value This hotel is in a great location, on the waterfront beside the Freedom Trail and 10 minutes walk from downtown (don't try to drive in Boston). Also close to the USS Constitution and near to good restuarants in Charlestown (I recommend Olive). Only problem is the directions, which are useless and Boston is a city without any roadsigns, so we eventually found it by chance! Suites are clean and comfortable with good views. Buffet breakfast a bit of a scrum, though.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>memberbeware
<Content>great location to see the sights This hotel is a great location to launch a sightseeing tour with the family and as previous reviews stated - the ferry is  10min walk away (note the first boat starts at 10am on weekends)  goes straight to the aquarium  the grocer is about 10 min up a different road as well. We stayed in a 2 bed suite - didn't have a view of the harbour (which is lovely) - had a view of the interesting bridge with many trucks, trains, cranes - a hit with our toddler. The USS Constitution ship  museum nearby were also highlights of our stay. We managed to catch 'robot wars' at the science museum staged by MIT teams - little robot teams playing an aggressive soccer tourney  the great lightning/thunderstorm show in the electricity hall. Breakfast at the hotel was extensive ( was best brought up to the room), the kids had fun in the swimming pool  whirlpool (although the pool bottom was soiled with dirt the first night), the fitness room had a good array of treadmills with a view of the harbour, there was only one tiny wastebasket in the suite  it would have been nice to have a small bottle of dishsoap  a scrub pad ( as many other residence inns/suites provide) - the pots  pans were worn  had blackened bottoms (ie. how to remove without a proper scrub pad?  no the maids do not do dishes), laundry rooms are not available on even numbered floors (except possibly the 8th) despite the sign on the 6th floor point to a guest laundry (yep, tried to enter someone else's room - it said laundry this way) - the larger suites are at the end of the hallways  if you're really lucky it looks like you can have a large suite right by the elevator, across from the laundry room or mechanical room but with a view of the harbour on an odd numbered floor ending in a 00  here's a tip - a fellow across at the public parkade told me where to park for free - there's a small strip of parking for about 20 - 30 cars between the hotel  the bridge (yep we could see ourcar directly below from our room) which is public parking. When I asked at the front desk - they confirmed this 'sotto voiced' - that yes it's free  yes you can leave your car there as long as you like. It seemed quite safe  sought after judging by the number of higher end SUVs cruising about nipping in looking for a spot. Don't park in front of the doors which say don't park here  don't park on the crossed strips which say parking prohibited - a yellow warning tag will appear on your shield.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>DriftwoodNL
<Content>Very comfortable and clean hotel with a great breakfast buffet We arrived direct from the airport and recieved excellent service from the very start.The twin room we had was very spacious and had a very useful small kitchenette, with microwave, dishwasher and small stoveThe breakfast buffet was very busy with a long que, but worth the wait and had a good selection.Location is good, with many of the Boston tours stopping just outside. USS Constallation is within walking distanceI would stay at this hotel again  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jaabda
<Content>nice location for north end or Fleet Center visit This hotel is in a very nice spot if you don't mind walking just a little. It is just over a bridge from the North End and closest T stop (probably about a half mile walk). The breakfast that is included is really good and in the evening there was free food and soft drinks. If you stay here check out the Paul Revere park near the hotel, walk out the front door and take a left under the bridge. We went in the evening and found several people had brought their dogs there to play, it is a lovely spot. If you continue past the park you can cut off a little time from your walk to the Fleet Center. Our room was on the highway side of the building but we still found it to be quiet. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>poolbard
<Content>Great, but not perfect My family of 4 stayed here for one night. Overall, an excellent experience and one we would gladly repeat. We booked and received a 2 bedroom/2 bath suite, which was set up like a new apartment, with a full kitchen. It was spacious, well appointed, and the beds were excellent, as was the bedding. The building is new and while not in downtown Boston, is in a great location for those who don't mind city walking. We took advantage of the indoor pool, a free outdoor movie, and the comprehensive free breakfast. By Boston standards, the hotel is a terrific value. The only negatives were: 1) One of the 2 bathrooms needed toilet paper and the sink was slightly dirty upon arrival; 2) Indoor pool - the tiles surrounding the pool are polished ceramic tile, as slippery and dangerous as you can get. In addition, we arrived at the pool early this morning to find only 3 clean towels and all of yesterday's towels still sitting in bins; 3) Our room was near the elevator, which has a loud ring each time it arrives at the floor.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RD28
<Content>Wonderful hotel We (my husband and 14 yr old son) were never in Boston and wanted to make the best of a long weekend. I looked at various Marriotts located in Boston proper and settled on the Tudor Wharf in Charlestown (right over the Charlestown bridge) because it seemed to offer the best price. Absolutely wonderful-staff very friendly and helpful. We didn't have a car but it didn't matter. Cabs were always available at the hotel or a phone call away. Pool was very small, didn't even use it too tired from whale watching (absolutely awesome-went out on catamaran cruise with Boston Harbor Cruises off Long Wharf) or Duck Tour with visits to Museum of Science and NE aquarium!! Free breakfast was great and convenient. Actually enjoyed getting breakfast and bringing it up to room. I would recommend this hotel to all families travelling in the Boston area. If we go back, we will stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cz2
<Content>Mixed Review Mixed reviews for this hotel. We had some good experiences and some not so good experiences.First, the hotel is in a good location. It is on a wharf a few down from the USS Constitution (great for kids!) It is a newer property and very attractive. The rooms are smaller than the typical Residence Inn - very small living room (when the sleeper sofa is pulled out there is no room to move about). The bedroom was spacious. We tried to book a two bedroom but we were told that none were available (the hotel only has 8 two bedrooms). We also reserved and paid a premium for a water view. Be advised that this is not a head on view of the waterfront. Our bedroom overlooked the parking lot and the living room overlooked the cafe below, you could see some boats docked below next to the cafe and if you turned your head you could see the water. The breakfast is very nice (especially with children.) It is a full hot breakfast buffet.The North End is about a 10 minute wak from the hotel. We also took the water ferry ( about 5 wharfs down....10 minute walk at most). It is a $1.50 for an adult and drops you at Long Wharf ( the aquarium) and it is an easy walk to the Freedom Trail.Unfortunately not everything abou this hotel was good - we had several issues with a particular employee. Upon check in (which had been guarrented with a bank debit card) I was asked to provide a credit card. This in itself was not an issue. However, our bank was in the process of providing new debit cards from a new vendor and we were unfortunately stuck temporarily without a debit card or access to cash in our primary account because of a bank error. I gave a Discover card to the front desk person and then decided that I wanted to use an Am Ex card. I immediatley informed the front desk clerk of this and was told sorry - the card was already swiped and the authorization was in process. The card did not go through (problem on the hotel's end) and the clerk swiped it AGAIN despite my request to use another card. An authorization for the majority of our estimated bill was placed on the card. In conversation I explained to the clerk the mix up with the bank's debit cards and that until it was resolved when we returned home we would be using credit cards (why I felt it necessary to explain this..who knows) When we received the final bill on the day of our departure the rate we were charged was $50.00 more a night than we had been told (which was also the rate in the hotel's website). I went to the front desk and this was rectified without any question which was good but led us to question how much swing the hotel was offering on their rates (I am a Marriott Award member and AAA and was told that there were no promotions available for either). I had also requested a two bedroom and had checked on this for several days prior to our trip as well as at check in and was told that none were available yet witnessed a family being upgraded to a two bedroom to acommodate an inconvience they had experienced. We were traveling with our child as well as a neice and nephew from California. The kids really wanted to do a Duck Tour. I called the front desk and inquired if they could provide us the information on this. The same individual that checked us in said that the hotel, while not a full service hotel, did provide this service and he would make the reservations for us. I requested to take the tour from the Museum of Science as it was more convenient and we would be departing Boston right after this tour. The front desk clerk said they only booked the tours departing from the museum; made the reservations and gave me a confirmation sheet for our reservations. (Note: our mistake was not reading carefully the confirmation...we checked the number of people, the time but never thought to check the departure location). We arrived at the museum for the Duck tour and were informed that our resevations were for the Prudential center NOT the museum. We were also told that both sites were completly booked for the remainder of the day and we would be offered a refund (small consolation for three children looking forward to the tour). I contacted the hotel and spoke with the person that made the reservations, he assured us that he made them for the museum (although the confirmation did state the Prudential Center) and said that the Duck Tour had made the mistake. He did offer to contact then, which he did, and told us that they were booked for the rest of the day (which we already were aware of). He said he was sorry but did not feel responsible as he was doing us a favor when he made the reservations. So here we were with three crest fallen children AND because we had planned to do this for our last several hours in Boston and had spent some time trying to correct the situation we could now not do anything else in Boston. At this point I was beyond frustrated with this individual from the Marriott and requested to speak to a manager. The assistant manager came on the phone. I explained our dissapointment with this particular individual from the point of check in to the present. The assitant manager was patronizing and condescending. He also said that the hotel was not accountable because they don't really offer reservation services and the front desk clerk was wrong to have said this. He offered to call the Duck Tour but also said that there was nothing beyond this that he could do to make this situation any better. I did suggest that they might offer a Marriott service for a future visit (we stay at Marriott's often and I have conducted a great deal of business with Marriott hotels and know that this is a reasonable request) I also told him that I never asked for compensation such as this and in the past if it had been offered I declined but felt this was really a mess! He refused to provide any compensation for this situation. If this assitant manager had even made an attempt to acknowledge the error, apologize, something it might not had been so upsetting to us. Fortunately the folks at the Duck Tour had a party of five cancel as we were standing there and we were able to get on a tour. The final frustration occured when I arrived home to find a message from the Discover Card fraud department. The message informed that I would be unable to use my card until I called them. When I called they told me my card had been flagged for fraudelent purchases and asked me to confirm that I had used the card for purchases at the Marriott. I told them I had used the card for two transactions (upon check in for the initial authorization and at check out to pay our bill) They informed me that the hotel had put through a THIRD transaction - a second authorization without my knowledge or approval for several hundreds of dollars on the second day of our stay. I believe that the hotel called Discover with concerns about my card and this triggered the call to me from Discover. I am appalled that the hotel would put through a second amount without first notifying me (especially considering the conversation and request I had made to place the authorization on a different card). The total amount for the authorizations was more than our total bill! To make matters worse the next day I was making a purchase locally and writing a check (because our bank debit cards were still not activated) and I was flagged because of the whole Discover card incident. My bank had to call and confirm that I did have sufficient funds and I was who I said I was!Overall, we would stay here again because it was a good location for us but were very dissapointed in the staff and management of the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED THIS HOTEL! My family and I just got back from staying at this great hotel...Everyone was super friendly and the room was wonderful....spacious and very clean....it was right on the freedom trail and handy to lots of attractions.....a bit of a walk to the T....but in nice weather, not an issue at all.....the breakfast in the morning was wonderful...not your typical cereal and muffins....eggs, sausage, french toast, make your own waffles etc etc....also the indoor pool was clean and although not big, or deep is actually very good for young families as it isn't too hard to keep track of everyone...would definately stay here again....  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SCGillis
<Content>Residence Long Term Stay My wife and I stayed at the Residence Inn on Tudor Wharf, January 16th to March 15th, 2006, while I was undergoing treatment at Massachusetts General Hospital.We found the hotel to be clean and comfortable and the staff very competent and friendly.The location at Tudor Wharf makes it fairly convenient to walk to the North End for all different types of dinning and over to the North Station for access to the 鈥淭鈥? Boston鈥檚 metro. Having said that, it does get rather chilly during the Boston winter to be walking.A few observations and recommendations:Expect the Residence to get noisy and perhaps a little rowdy on the weekends with people coming in for the weekend and major sporting events over at Banknorth Gardens. Breakfast, when the hotel is full can be a real challenge.While the Residence does maintain a 鈥淢arket鈥?of limited food items, expect to pay for the convenience. A pint of ice cream that costs around $3.89 at a food store goes for $6.00. A soda that goes for $1.25, is $2.00. A complete supermarket, 鈥淛ohnnie鈥檚 Foodmaster,鈥?can be found just a short 10 minute walk up Main Street, along with a post office, Dunkin鈥?Donuts, Friendly Ice Cream, a pizza place and other stores.The complimentary breakfast has variety and is very good. However, it is redundant, and after a short time, becomes very boring. On the weekends, for a change of pace, would recommend breakfast again up Main Street at 鈥淲arren Tavern.鈥?br/>The nightly Monday through Thursday complimentary 鈥渇inger food鈥?is a real crap shoot - sometimes good, and sometimes, best to avoid. Food items would be a lot better if the food service staff would put some fire under the serving dishes to maintain food temperature.For local restaurants, go across the Charles River Bridge and take your pick. Personally we found 鈥淲arren Tavern鈥?around a seven minute walk up Main Street on the Residence side of the river to be our favorite. Good food at reasonable prices. Avoid 鈥?9 Restaurant鈥?in the shopping center - we found it to be a big disappointment.A small point here, but the complimentary bags of coffee in the rooms are way too much coffee for room coffee pots and tend to brew over, leaving a lot of grounds in your cup. Suggest not using the whole bag. The Residence should also consider installing larger trash cans in the rooms.We did not bring a car to Boston, but hotel parking is like $25.00 a day. There are very few places in the Boston area where you do not have to pay big bucks to park, even for an hour or two. Expect to pay around $20.00 for a taxi to Logan Airport even though you can see the Logan Airport control tower across the harbor from the hotel.The U. S. Park Service Bunker Hill Visitors Center is located just down the street from the hotel and features a presentation 鈥淭he Whites of Their Eyes.鈥?I would avoid this presentation. It is not a movie, but a 鈥渕edia presentation,鈥?which is very outdated and boring. It will not hold the interest of children and is not worth the admission charge. Last, but not least, the Residence Inn has complimentary high speed internet access and wireless access. My wife and I both brought laptops to work remotely from our offices. My wife鈥檚 laptop only had high speed capability. My laptop was new issue and current state of the art. She worked at the room work station desk and I had to use the 鈥渨ireless鈥?of Residence鈥檚 system.The best thing I can say about the Residence鈥檚 wireless internet is that IT IS A PAIN!! If you use this feature, be prepared to make a copy of each email before sending it to insure you have a copy to resend when the system comes up with 鈥淧age Cannot Be Displayed,鈥?鈥淵ou Are Not Authorized To View This Page,鈥?or you get thrown off all together. It was very frustrating and it did not matter what time of day you were on. You will get very tired of having to go through the Residence protocol every five or ten minutes. I realize it is complimentary, but it should work much better than it does.But if we ever have to return to Boston, this Residence will definitely be a place we would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MartyGirl
<Content>The Good  Stayed here a few nights with my two sons, aged 10  12. The Good - the rooms were beautiful and big, the breakfast was great, and the view was wonderful. The location was OK - would have been better in the summer/spring as it was too cold to walk too far. The traffic, due to the construction, in this area is still tough. Mass transit is not really an opinion because the nearest train station was closed during our visit.The Bad - we had an unruly guest in the room next door wake us at 3 am. Extreme profanity and screaming. I called security and no one responded. Finally, I called the room myself and things quieted down. As a mom that travels alone with my kids, security is important. I was not impressed by the non-responsiveness of the staff - it's a good thing nothing really serious happened!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! My husband and I recently stayed at the Residence Inn, located in Charlestown, as part of our three-week honeymoon in New England.From start to finish the place exceeded our expectations for a hotel of it's class. The staff were extremely kind and helpful. Rooms were immaculate. There were even complimentary breakfasts and 'light dinners' in the hotel dining area. Outside the hotel there's an attached restaurant with reasonable prices, an excellent view of the bay and most importantly, great food. The Harbor Cafe (I believe that's what it was called) serves up the best clam chowder and shrimp-kebabs that we had on our ENTIRE trip. Great place!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1fcb
<Content>Really Good Location but not perfect       Downtown View from Ferry to Downtown  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>magpercy
<Content>Would do it again! Stayed here for a long weekend with my husband and 3 kids (8, 11, 13)Would do it again in a heartbeat. Great location, clean hotel, very friendly service.Rooms were clean, big enough for all 5 (Queen/Queen/sofa bed)Parking next door for $12/day. Abundant breakfast included. Very helpful staff. Walking distance to the North End or a Ferry ride ($1.50 adult .75 per kid) to Long Wharf. Walking distance to the T (for a ride to Fenway)Would definitely stay here again with my family.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zawoman
<Content>Good at some things, not so good at others   showReview(3729776, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Did not live up to reviews   showReview(3639092, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW, great new addition to Boston!   showReview(3515790, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SydneyB
<Content>Great place!   showReview(3449786, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Frequent-Traveler44
<Content>One of our Favorites   showReview(3417714, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>momof3boysinAL
<Content>A great hotel!!!   showReview(2854018, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch   showReview(2842240, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable Location   showReview(2183713, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible staff for such a limited property   showReview(1758191, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Newenglandhome
<Content>excellent location   showReview(1151500, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres confortable et finalement bien plac茅   showReview(19632052, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonnes prestations 脿 un prix normal pour Boston   showReview(19632051, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

