<Author>98pascal
<Content>Nice place, but really expensive for a simple hotel like that I love the place and the situation in amsterdam but anyway I thought it's too expensive for a place like that, it's the price of 4 stars hotel but you sleep in 3 stars hotel,  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	2	3	5	

<Author>FBV
<Content>Disappointed with the management In September 2008, I planned a long trip of 10 days through the Benelux with my boyfriend, for the end of November 2008. This plan included places such as Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague, Maastricht, Brussels and Bruges.As you can easily imagine, I have been waiting for this trip since the moment I booked it and bought the plane tickets. Unluckily, a familiar misfortune finally frustrated it, and I was forced to cancel everything.Some of the hotels were pre-paid in the moment of making the reservations, and the conditions that I read and accepted clearly stated the lost of the money in case of cancellation. One of this cases was the Black Tulip Hotel.I didn't mind about loosing the money, it's I risk I assumed when I made the reservations. What I disliked about the Black Tulip Hotel is the lack of answer to my e-mail informing them, one week before my date of arrival, that I couldn't go (enough time on advance, even to allow him to rent the room to another guest), and indicating them the credit card in which they could charge the remaining 340 euros to be paid.In all the hotels to which I wrote (e.g., Adornes hotel, in Bruges), I received a kind reply to my e-mail, telling-me how sorry they were for my cancellation. This is a very nice detail, that sais very much about a hotel management.On the contrary, the Black Tulip Hotel was the only one from which I received no answer. Considering that I payed 510 鈧?for nothing, I expected, at least, a slight reply saying the reservation has been cancelled. We are very sorry that you coudn't finally come and we hope to see you soon.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Luckyscout
<Content>Great, Great place to stay!       image of the many canals of Amsterdam  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Skinranger
<Content>Naughty, but ever so nice!! Only stayed one night unfortunately and had to leave early (before breakfast). But, what a night it was.... Great room, VERY well equipped and very central too. Hightly recommended. Met both Juerrich and Onno - both very pleasant.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SFGlen
<Content>Fantastic! What a Find! My partner and I enjoyed 5 incredible days at his wonderful hotel, in Sept/Oct 08, and had the time of our lives! I've been to Amsterdam , (from San Francisco), many, many times, and have stayed at a variety of straight and gay hotels - some high end and some less so. The Black Tulip is the BEST.We had Room 12, which others have reviewed poorly. It must have been recently updated, because we found the room impeccibly clean, beautifully appointed, very spacious for Amsterdam, and with everything working perfectly. The shower  tub felt fantastic, after a late night of party! The room is just charming, creaking floor and all, AND has the benefit of being on the ground level, so no lugging heavy suitcases up those steep Dutch stairs! We LOVED it!The hosts at the Black Tulip are great - friendly and welcoming as you get settled, ready to easily answer any questions, make recommendations, and so forth. Although they must go throug the routine several times a day, we never felt like we were being processed. Actually, we felt like we had local friends. We actually ran into them around town and had a friendly drink together.Breakfast is served late. It's about time someone thought of that. I can't tell you how many times I've missed breakfast, at other venues, because you just tend to sleep late in Amsterdam :) And, by the way, this was no serve yourself buffet. The hosts are great cooks and make your meal to order, after serving you coffee and fresh-baked breads. We looked forward to it, and to mingling with other guests, (who you would not otherwise see), every morning.On our day of departure, which was quite early, they even got up early to prepare a meal just for us. That was really above and beyond service and we actually felt guilty about saying no thank you.Overall, a great and memorable experience. Thank you so much.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dakotah1
<Content>Live a little at the Tulip My wife and I just returned from an enjoyable 5 day stay at the Black Tulip in early September 2008. The Black Tulip is a great place to stay while exploring Amsterdam. The hotel is only a short walk from centraal station which offers access to all of the trains, trams, buses, and canal boats for easy touring of the city. Onno and Jurrich are great hosts who are responsive to your needs without being overbearing. We were offered a cold beverage during check-in followed by Jurrich's map tour of Amsterdam highlighting many off the favorite attractions. Breakfast was casual and enjoyable with fresh fruit, fresh pressed coffee or tea and a typical European selection of cheeses, meats, and baked goods highlighted by cooked to order eggs. We met wonderful people from Wales, South Africa, and the States during our stay. Breakfast is served from 10-12am which is nice following a late or busy night.Our vanilla nonsmoking double room faced the quiet canal and featured a very nicely remodeled bath with top notch fixtures. We would definitely stay here again when we return to Amsterdam. We might even stretch our comfort zone a little with an upgrade to one of the specialty rooms!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mbdpope
<Content>First time guest, now a guest for life My husband and I stayed here over New Years 2008. I can't imagine a better stay. The hosts were really great. They knew we were first timers to the city, so they provided us with recommendations every night of the week for dinner and nightlife. The location was stumbling distance to tons of bars and activities. We loved the breakfast, both for the food and the opportunity to interact with the other guests.This is the only place we will consider now in Amsterdam, and I hope we can stay here again soon!Matt  Tom  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Commz
<Content>Excellent Value For Money! This was to be my first stay at the Black Tulip and, having stayed at Gay owned venues in other Countries was not entirely confident it was going to be such a good experience! I have had my fingers burned previously but always try and support 'gay commerce.My room was spacious (double), clean, well equipped in all respects. TV/radio/phone/safe/beverages/minibar, spa bath and shower and all included in the cost with no hidden charges. Use of internet was free downstairs in the breakfast room which was delightful. Breakfast was very relaxed and casual and nothing too much trouble for Onno  Jurrich. They are very responsive hosts who put the stay of the guest at the top of the list (my perception/experience anyway!)Just a few minutes walk from the central station, leather bars and cafes. Felt completely safe walking home at all hours of the morning!I accept the rooms are a little more expensive and you could find cheaper, but, you only get what you pay for and in my experience cheaper does not always mean better value for money. I would not think twice about returning here, or recommending it to any of my friends, even the vanilla ones!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rugzor
<Content>Very good stay My husdand and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in July 2008. This hotel was all that we were expecting. The reviews were very good for that. We stayed in one of the rooms on the first floor. Yes there was a ladder in our room but it really did not bother us a bit. It's the style of the hotel. We found the hotel clean. We also had some issue with the window and the fan but they came to fix it right away. We enjoyed our breakfast, we met another couple, we chatted a bit. Breakfast was good and we truly enjoyed the orange juice! We didn't mind the few words of warning they gave us at the beginning. Onno is very knowledgeable: I was looking for a very specific store a friend had told me about. With just a few words describing the store, Onno was able to tell me where it was. I didn't get a chance to thank him! Thank you Onno! I found there the perfect gift I needed.This hotel offers a very good value, it has a perfect location, and it is not expensive. We had a good time there and we would definitely come back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>durrson
<Content>The best hotel in Europe We arrived at the hotel quite early since our flight was an early one, it's not far from the train station, situated within the red light district and was really easy to find.At check in, even though we were not expected until later in the day, Onno (one of the owners) made us feel very welcome, fresh coffee in the reception area whilst he gave us lots of useful information such as where to go, up coming events, safety rules and local law. Very helpful for a first stay in Amsterdam.Also available in the reception area are local guides and magazines promoting Amsterdam, Gay life and the local BDSM scene - all of this is included in the price but items to have to be returned so other guests can use them.The rooms are fantastic, we stayed in 33 which is a middle of the range room but every bit as exciting as the others. Free wifi is available for anyone with a laptop or other internet device, along with a large flat screen TV, DVD player, CD/Radio stereo player.The room itself had a black rubber floor, leather sheets on the double (or queen) size bed which overlooks a leather sling overhead.Other equipment in the room comes in the form of 3 different bondage chairs and a wrist hoist - all of which make for interesting games you and another.There is plenty of storage space available for your clothing/belongings as well as a desk area for your daily usage. The room comes with a nicely stocked mini bar and price list should you wish to use it.The style of the is dark (red and black) which fits in with the hotel's genre, it's possible to flood the room with daylight by simply opening the curtains to both windows.The bathroom featured a large (two person) bathtub which fills from the side (no taps where you head is) and a remote control whirlpool system, the bathroom also has a walk in power shower which has to be experienced to believe.Noise is not a problem as the hotel is slightly away from any external noise source.Breakfast is served between 10 and 12 and most guests will congregate together and share a breakfast, a civilised way to meet new people with similar interests to you. Breakfast comes with a choice of cereals, meat, bread, or cooked - (On my final day, I had the lot and it's delicious)!I was sorry to leave as I enjoyed my stay not only for the pleasures of Amsterdam but for the hospitality of our hosts and the quality of the hotel. I will be coming back on a regular basis - as no other hotel can come close to the experience of The Black Tulip.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>504gld
<Content>Disapointed with the hotel.       interesting way to fix a tv to the wall  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	1	2	3	

<Author>GregS76
<Content>Loved it! Stayed here with my partner two nights in December of 2006, and thoroughly enjoyed it. We stayed in one of the larger themed rooms, and loved everything about it. The room itself was very large, clean, had all of the comforts you could ask for. The bathroom was also very large, and had an amazing shower. The Bed was also huge and very comfortable. We got a lot of good use out of all of the 'amenities' that were provided in our room, and pretty much didn't want to leave. Just make sure that if you don't want any unwanted strangers that you lock your door when you are making good use of the equipment in the themed rooms. Unless that's your scene, in which case you could leave your door open as some certainly do, and we found that several times throughout the night our door was getting quite popular. Didn't make it to breakfast since we were never up early enough, but hey, it is Amsterdam... The hosts were also very friendly and welcoming, and I would stay here again in an instant!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sheafe
<Content>Rather like a B  We could not have been more pleased with our ground levelroom which was spotless, comfortable and well-appointed.My wife and I had just finished an eleven day cruise alongWestern Europe and needed accomodations for a short stayin Amsterdam. I found the Black Tulip here on Trip Advisorand chose it because of reviews written by others, becauseof its central location and proximity to transportation lines.Our hosts, Onno and Jurrich, welcomed us with afternoontea and gave excellent recommendations for restaurants. The one directly across the canal (Entresol) was wonderful. Breakfast included, prepared by Onno. Discrete, friendly is how Iwould term this unusual theme hotel. We would like to havespent more time in Amsterdam, and stayed longer at the Black Tulip.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Angie_Paul
<Content>The BEST we have ever stopped in! We found this hotel after looking on the top ten hotels for Amsterdam on Trip Advisor and are we glad that we did!If you're stupidly homophobic or a complete prude then this isn't the place for you... for us? It was great fun! and if we go back to Amsterdam we'll certainly be booking again.I booked it for our Wedding Anniversary (yes we are straight! and not into the leather scene!) but having read the reviews and visiting the hotel website, we were convinced we would have a nice time!Its is located about 2 minute walk from the train station, and is within walking distance to everything thats of interest in Amsterdam central.The hotel is alongside a canal and is very unassuming from the outside, you have to count the numbers to know its the right one!On arrival we were warmly met by Jurrich who booked us in and served us a beer and gave us a good idea on the map as to where everything was located...We stayed in Room 12 (classic room) and oh what a room!Its gorgeously decorated, the bed was sumptuous and huge! everything was spotlessley clean (theres not many places we have stopped in that can claim this), there's also a CD player, DVD and TV, a very well stocked mini bar, a safe...The bathroom was just as lovely, a double bath, walk in shower...... oh i almost forgot... and a cage!!!The breakfast is normally 10 - 12, which trust me after a late night out in Amsterdam its fabulous to have a lie in and not miss breakfast.... and what a breakfast it was! This far surpasses anything we have had previously on the continent.Theres fresh fruit salad, yoghurts, cheeses, ham, all types of fresh breads, including nice soft stuff perfect for toasting, lots of different types of jams, honey etc, fresh coffee, tea and orange juice, but the best bit was Jurrichs bacon and eggs....All in all we have never stopped in a better hotel and Jurrich and Onno should be very proud of the standards they have set!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>4ghoppe
<Content>Really great hotel! We had such a pleasant stay at the black tulip. I am a 23 year old female and I stayed in a classic room with my boyfriend, also 23. The classic room was squeaky clean and super comfortable. The hotel and our room were absolutely beautiful. Onno and Jurrich were so nice and helpful. The breakfast was really delicious. This hotel is great for anyone...no matter your sexual orientation or age. Although my boyfriend was reluctant at first....after the first night he loved the hotel as much as I knew we would. Definitely give this hotel a try!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darkcity1965
<Content>This is the best hotel that we鈥檝e ever stayed at After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor (and despite a couple of negative ones) we decided to book this hotel. We are so pleased that we did.We stayed there for three nights from the 10th April along with two of our friends. Bi the way we are both male/female couples who can be very sociable.The hotel is situated along a quiet canal yet only five minutes walk (two minutes if you know the area) from Central Station and five minutes walk from the main red light district. It is very unassuming from the outside, just a gloss black door and the building number on a plaque.We were welcomed by Onno and offered complimentary drinks (most welcome after a long journey) while he checked us in and made us familiar with a couple of hotel rules and what the hotel and Amsterdam had to offer. We were given a front door key as well as a room key each so that we could come and go as we pleased. Visitors are allowed in the rooms but you are responsible for them. Onno showed us to our rooms and helped us with our luggage.We had booked room 31 (鈧?95 per night) and our friends had booked room 34. Our room was situated at the front of the building with superb views over the canal. It was bright and airy, tastefully decorated and spotlessly clean. It had a King Size bed, 32鈥?LCD TV, DVD player and a Stereo Radio/CD player. There was also a Safe deposit box, Minibar/Fridge, tea/coffee making facilities, direct dial telephone and free wireless Internet. I used the Internet quite a bit during the weekend without any connection problems. (There is also a internet accessible laptop in the hotel lobby that you may use. The ensuite bathroom had a bath big enough for two with shower over. In addition to this there was also various fun equipment in the room (we can鈥檛 talk explicitly about this here but if you go the the hotels website you鈥檒l know what we mean) which we put to good use. Oh, and there aren鈥檛 many hotels that have a 鈥淧lease disturb鈥?sign to hang on the door as well as a 鈥淒o not disturb鈥?sign. We wish that we鈥檇 spent more time in our room.Breakfast was served 10 - 12 during the week and 10 - 1 on Saturdays and Sundays. It was excellent. It consisted of tea or coffee, freshly squeezed orange juice, cold meats and cheese, eggs to order, cereals, fresh fruit, yoghurt, bread rolls and toast, condiments. All served around one large communal table which lead to some intriguing conversations with the other guests.When it was time to checkout, because we had an evening flight Onno said that we were welcome to leave our bags there and collect them later when we needed them.To sum up, rooms spotless, food excellent, lovely relaxed atmosphere and the hosts Onno  J眉rrich were genuinely welcoming and very friendly. (Perhaps some of the bigger hotels should send their staff here to show them how it should be done.) We look forward to returning.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blackleather4U
<Content>My no.1 hotel in Amsterdam - (Blackleather4U - Croydon,UK) My second stay in this hotel with a group of friends, and hopefully we will all be back again.  The co-owners Onno  Jurrich are very welcoming and nothing is too much trouble. It is a very quiet hotel in a quiet location. Whatever your sexual orientation I would recommend this hotel. The rooms are clean  the beds most comfortable. There is a certain amount of equipment in the rooms, so if you are straight  might be intimidated by it then I guess perhaps this hotel is not for you. But do try it. You can come and go as you wish, and wear whatever you like as regards leather or rubber. There is no reception desk as such with someone monitoring your movements. A good continental breakfast is on hand each morning, and here I will have to remark on Onno's scrambled eggs. He must make them 365 days of the year !The hotel is easy to find, and very near Centraal Station and the central area of Amsterdam. Again, we purchased tram tickets  were all over the place in Amsterdam. During this last visit, we even fitted in a coach trip to the Keukenhof Gardens - amazing. Numerous eating places around in the central area, so you definitely cannot starve in Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bikerssw
<Content>No where better to stay! This was our sixth visit ,and each one is better than the last! Arriving at Central Station it's great to know that a warm welcome is only minutes away,with a warm and comfortable bedroom awaiting us.Everything was to its usual high standard,heating,beds,bathroom,towels etc and there was even some new play equipment in the bedrooms!!The thought of Onnos scrambled eggs-the BEST in Amsterdam is enough for anyone to get down to breakfast early-and what a choice of other food as well!!The view from our Room in the front is terrific,looking right down at the canal.and opposite us the lovely old Dutch houses. The road is quiet-not noisy,and so convenient for sightseeing etc.We couldn't believe the negative comments of a previous Review,especially on the heating in the Room.This has always worked extremely well,and can be controlled by yourself,and is more than adequate!Thank you once again,boys! WE WILL RETURN!!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rrdist
<Content>Great Hotel  We had a great time while at the Black Tulip. We are not into Leather and my partner was reluctant at first - but reading the other reviews online we agreed to give it a try. Happy we did! We stayed in one of the classic rooms. Great rates. The room was large and clean. Nice large bathroom. Breakfast was great - fresh squeezed orange juice, eggs to order. Other guests very friendly. Would definitely stay here again and recommend the Black Tulip to everyone.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>garybdsb
<Content>Just love it This was my second stay with Onno and Jurrich,the best hosts in Amsterdam.I again came with a party of friends and it was like coming home and staying with family.The welcome is warm and friendly with refreshments offered as soon as you step through the door and you begin to relax.It is a class place well maintained and well run.I am not sure about the guest who complained about breakfast,because it is just the best,a choice of all you can ask for and possibly want, and Onno makes the best scrambled egg. I can't wait to go back and stay with Onno and Jurrich again,the Black Tulip is the Best,you will love it and want to come back again and again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bko61163
<Content>Loved the Black Tulip and So Will You My wife and a friend and I traveled to AMS during a four day journey in the middle of April (from the 11th until the 15th). We had been to AMS three times previously and it was our friends first time. With the dollar so low we really spent time trying to find a great value and the BT fit the bill. Rooms 12 and 11 were down stairs and were very roomy, clean and comfortable. This is a very old home so if a few creeks in the floor bother you - you may want to go elsewhere but for us it was charming. As for the hosts Onno and Jurich their breakfasts were unbelievable. The location is perfect, very close to central station, the RLD and other appealing locals without too much evening noise. The owners were very accommodating and kind. This is a special place and a terriffic value. Please give it a try. If you have an open mind you will not go wrong. It is all fun and a good time.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrMeister
<Content>Great place - great location! I was a little late in booking a hotel for an upcoming conference, and I was looking for a place near the Central Train Station since I was arriving by train. The hotel I usually stay at (the Victoria - very nice too) was booked, so I used Google Earth - and found that the Black Tulip met my need of being near the train station - great! I read the reviews and didn't realize who the targeted clientele was until clicking onto the website (I'm a straight male - married). But the reviews sold me, the rate was excellent, so I booked it. I had a little trouble finding the hotel since it has a very discreet appearance. No sign or banners - just a doorbell with the hotel's name. Once I was there, the owner was very friendly and helpful - and made me feel welcome.I had the small room in the front facing the street - it was very quiet - no street parties - the accommodations were very pleasant and clean. Free wi-fi worked fine, and the bed was VERY comfortable. The room looked very cool with a super high ceiling - and a cage situated in a loft above the bathroom. :)Location is perfect if you're arriving by train; 5-10 minute walk. And it's right down the street from the infamous red-light district and the party part of town. But it is far enough away from the action to get a good night's sleep.One of the reviewers didn't like the breakfast - I thought it was fine: eggs to order, coffee, fresh fruit, bread and yogurt. What else would you want?I have stayed in Amsterdam a number of times, and comparatively speaking, this hotel exceeds the service and accommodations given at some of the 4-5 star hotels at half the price.Overall, I was very satisfied and would recommend this hotel to anyone who isn't bothered by SM lifestyles. Next time I'll bring my wife and stick her in the cage :).  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>MrJedC
<Content>Okay average Small house type hotel close to the train station. Nothing more than an average stay. I would think that their are better choices for the money. Breakfast is to be avoided unless this is typical of what you get here in Amsterdam. Room was cold and a little damp. Should have taken friend's recommendation and stayed at the other place.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>londonmark8
<Content>Simply the best place to stay in Amsterdam We had a great 3 night stay at the Black Tulip Hotel. Very relaxed friendly atmosphere. Perfect location and just walking distance from the central railway station, and the night-life we were seeking. The room was excellent, and very very well equipped, (which we made good use of !!). If only all hotels would offer breakfast until 1pm at the weekend, and 12 noon weekdays as the Black Tulip does. We have absolutley no doubt that when we are in Amsterdam, we will always stay at this hotel. We wish there was a Black Tulip Hotel in all the places we visit. Mark  David  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>norflyer
<Content>the usual excellent stay This hotel has maintained it's very high standards. My seventh visit found the usual warm welcome on arrival, spotlessly clean room and of course, the excellent breakfasts - eggs cooked to perfection and sufficient to fuel a very active day (and night). This hotel deserves it's high ratings and I have yet to find equivalent comfort, facilities and value in any of the other countries that I visit.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>simonbg
<Content>Beautiful small hotel, excellent location and service       View over the canal from the room (room 12)  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kyle-Nazard
<Content>Superb specialist hotel       Bikes  Black Tulip  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>NC30
<Content>Great Place for Adventurous, Fun-lovers Stayed here for 3 nights recently and had a thoroughly fantastic stay. Located along a quaint canal within a very short walking distance from Central Station, the hotel is easily accessible by train from the airport. You can walk from the hotel to see any part of Old Amsterdam and the metro, tram and canal ferry all have stops just around the corner to take you to the outer city areas. For those travelers who like to pack light, we found a coin-op laundromat a short walking distance from the hotel near the red-light district on Warmostraat. Relaxing at an Amsterdam coffeeshop while waiting for your laundry to finish next door was laundromat nirvana. But back to the hotel...The Black Tulip is everything shown on their website and more, with a great staff and friendly clientele during our stay. We really enjoyed meeting the other guests each morning at breakfast in the cozy common room. The inclusive breakfast here was the best we had of the three hotels we booked on our trip - a good selection of cereals with fresh fruit, pastries and eggs cooked to order. Our room (number 23) was clean and spacious considering all the 'toys' found in this room. Though we are not into the lifestyle that is this hotel's niche, we wanted to try something completely new and different for our 25th anniversary and we had a great time doing so at The Black Tulip. If you can laugh and have fun with a cage and stocks in your room (like we did), then the Black Tulip is the perfect hotel in Amsterdam. It's a great place for anyone who is open-mined and adventurous. Now that we know how much fun some of their 'toys' are, we are planning to return there again - hopefully soon.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TDResnick
<Content>Slept Well at the Black Tulip Hi we just found this website so we will be entering the six vacations we have taken of the past 3 and a half years. Small boutique hotel that was not very far from the train station. Others had told us that the rooms in Amsterdam were small and the were correct it was. We only stayed two nights and went on to Paris. I think the two fellows that were the staff also owned this hotel. We had been in London for four days before getting here and all we did the first day was sleep. the second day we went to the museums and the Anne Frank house.The hotel is okay but I guess you have to get used to different things when you travel. The bed was comfortable and it was mostly quiet. The hot water was very hot and you need to be careful not to be burned. We had breakfast once and it was fine. We really can't say anything negative or anything great about this hotel it was average in quality. Didn't realize that it had a theme but it didn't matter to use as we mostly want a quiet room so we can sleep. We have been back to Amsterdam once since this vacation and will enter that review soon. We are glad we found this website and wish we would have found it four years ago when we retired and started to go on one to two vacations a year.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Russnot
<Content>Great hotel-ignore the bad reviews       View from room  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>our124me
<Content>Thumbs Up Onno and urick Fantastic Stay - classic Dutch charm restored with modern touches.Loved the ontbijt Onno... ;-)  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>BillsTravels
<Content>Fun BDSM/Kink Boutique Hotel Certainly not your typical hotel, the Black Tulip surely caters to a special clientel. It might not be for everyone, but if you haven't checked out the website (a lot of pics that show you what you should expect) then same on you. Cuz if somehow, like a country bumpkin you happen to stumble your way to this hotel for a night totally unaware of it's bdsm boutiqe specialness, then you'll either run away screaming like a nervous nelly or else you'll stay for a few weeks longer than planned as you discover the slave within you. If I want to host someone for fun and sex with the equipment already available (not so easy to carry things on planes anymore), I'll certain go there again. I had a few issues but I think my stay is what I expected, albeit a bit expensive.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>iesje
<Content>Great hotel We had a great night at the black tulip in Amsterdam. Thanks Onno for your hospitality and giving me (a straight woman) a very warm welcome in your hotel!Mrs. Gisele  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>peb_48
<Content>A really great little place This must be the number 1 choice in Amsterdam for any discerning gay (or gay-friendly!) visitor. Quality accommodation, a great welcome from Onno and Jurrich and excellent breakfasts served 'en famille'. Having stayed there for 3 nights in November, I certainly wouldn't look elsewhere next time I go to Amsterdam. Keep up the excellent work guys!!!Philip  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>imglop
<Content>Stop looking..... you've found Heaven in Amsterdam Quite honestly the BEST hotel I've ever stayed at. This is a case where the operators are also the owners and boy does it show in thier (justified) pride.  I've never seen such dedication to ensuring that my stay was the BEST it could be. From advising on what day trips to take (Haarlem was wonderful) to help on getting a cell phone to call back to the states. No request was too small to be given the greatest of attention. And as far as the themeing, it was OUTSTANDING! The rooms were SPOTLESS. Towls thick. sheets, crisp white. And the breakfast... The breakfast was a travelers dream. Hardy enough to last all day even through the cold rain of the Amsterdam Winters. The Hiltons, Sheraton's and Four seasons of the world shouls take note... size doesn't matter... What does is how you treat your customer and there needs. You'll find none better than the Black Tulip!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>furrman
<Content>Everything you Expect and More I have just returned from Three fabulous nights in Amsterdams Black Tulip Hotel....I knew what I was expecting a themed Hotel to to be emersed in fantasy, but the Black Tulip goes that bit extra to make sure you enjoy every moment of the experience ! The owners really have an eye for detail and nothing is missed, friendly, discreet , It has it all ..... Various rooms themed to suit your taste and resonably priced considering the detail that has gone into the decor.....I have to say it was a pleasure to be pleasured in such outstanding surroundings, shall certainly return if not only to repeat the experience.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>cluelessone
<Content>We will certainly return!!! First I must apologize to Onno for taking so long to write this as I told him when we left that he would receive a glowing review on Trip Advisor. It's only right since we booked our stay at The Black Tulip based solely on the reviews I have read here.  The hotel was easy to find and very attractive. A short walk from Central Station. It basically looks like someones home or a B  B. We appreciate non-chain hotels which have preserved the old world charm of this wonderful city. We were welcomed and the rules of the hotel were explained. In my opinion the hotel is very appealing regardless of what you are in to. True, you should not stay if you are homophobic and not open minded but they have rooms to suit all needs. We are a straight couple who wanted a truly naughty get away in a room with more toys than we could get to and found exactly what we were looking for.  We have to apologize to Onno for appearing to be very anti-social as we NEVER made it down to breakfast. Not one single day even though it is served late. To be honest - we stayed up the first three nights until about 4 a.m. playing in our room and didn't even wake up until about 2 in the afternoon. On our last night we received a call that a young family member of mine had suddenly died. It was so upsetting that I just could not face anyone the next day. When we checked out we promised not only to return but to be more social next time.  We have been to Amsterdam about 6 times prior and have always avoided staying in hotels near Cental Station. We avoided the whole area to be honest because we had never read very good reviews. Well, what a mistake that was. Just around the corner from the hotel is an area we had never been to calledNieumarkt (New Market). We found them most wonderful streets, pubs and restaurants we have ever been to. One had about 150 types of beers! The hotel was also very near to the Red Light District.  We have vowed to return as soon as possible as we cannot wait to stay at the same hotel, in the same area of Amsterdam with the same owners!! Also, we found the price of our room to be LESS that many other hotels. We paid 30 Euro less per night than a hotel we were previously booked into and the rooms would not have been nearly as much fun!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EDINBURGHGEORGE
<Content>highly recommended great hospitality with fantastic host no better hotel on amsterdam highly recommednded  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>peelemma1
<Content>Fabulous! Great place to stay in Amsterdam (unless you are homophobic), we are a straight young married couple. Fabulous location, close to the train station and central touristy area of Amsterdam (red light district), within walking distance to just about everything. Very quiet location with comfortable beds and fabulous bathrooms. We stayed in one of the double leather rooms for 4 nights on the start of our trip and in the Classic double room for 1 night on the return journey. Both rooms were great, the leather room had more interesting decor and a bigger TV (bigger price too), but both were spacious and comfortable. The breakfasts were amazing and being served from 10am-12pm was great, after all you are on holiday, check out time is also good at 12pm. Our hosts Onno and Yurich were both very helpful with all tips and things to do in Amsterdam (and what not to do) and they both make a mean omlette. We enjoyed meeting the other guests at the communal table for breakfast at (both straight and gay) who we all eager to give us tips on things to do.To summarise, the Black Tulip is an oasis in the heart of Amsterdam and we would stay there again in a heartbeat if we could afford the airfare!Emma  Paolo - New Zealand  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SouthFlaCouple
<Content>Best hotel experience in Europe! Thank you Ono!       The Front Entrance  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Edinpeter
<Content>Fabulous Place Fabulously fetish clean friendly hotel. I stayed there with a friend in Jan or Feb 2006 and had such a good time. I was only there on the Friday and Saturday night but was so impressed. Now I am used to staying in 4 and 5 star hotels and not a novice to leather / harder scene - It is the best of both worlds and I describe the hotel to my friends as a 5 star fetish gay hotel.On arriving, we were greeted for checking by a beer which was an added touch. Such a friendly warm welcome. Was also able to borrow a pair of boots from the dining room which saved my carrying big heavy boots and besides, it's always nice to have someone elses on !Very well equipped rooms and you can see what you want / get on their website. Totally spotless and fabulous leather bedsheets ! I think there was also free wifi when I was there. You can also hire DVD鈥檚 from downstairs to help with your hangover the next day !Excellent central location beside the station and the main leather bar area.Total recommend it to anyone and as far as I鈥檓 aware there is only one other place kind of similar in the world and that鈥檚 in Berlin. Lovely clean sleaze !Peter  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stuartLondon
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the Black Tulip in July for a weekend. I had been planning on coming with a mate, but he cancelled at short notice and so I went by myself. The hotel was very comfortable, the hosts very friendly, and the rooms fantastically sleazy! Loved it.Everything was spotlessly clean, breakfast was great and I will definitely be returning!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnnyRay
<Content>Safe, clean, friendly, gay-run, leather-themed hotel I have just spent my second very pleasant weekend in this great hotel (Room 32!). I originally heard about it through word-of-mouth and then googled the hotel name. Their website has pictues of all the rooms and lets you know exactly what you can expect for your money. Given that all the rooms (except two) are gay, leather-fetish, themed, I would recommend checking it out before deciding this is the place for you. Not everyone is as open-minded as they like to think they are, and may find a sling, a cage, a bondage chair, or a St Andrew's cross, along with rubber floors and leather bedspreads too much for their liking. I, however, don't. This is a great hotel, and not just for the facilities (which also include underfloor heating in the bathrooms, a free safe, tea/coffee making, minibar,  plasma satellite TV- English, French, German,  Dutch channels).Both owners, Onno  J眉rrich, are welcoming and friendly, nothing is too difficult for them, and they will do whatever they can (within reason!) to accomodate their guests. Both are knowledgeable of the local gay scene and tourist attractions, and the communal breakfast sitting they have (which runs at a late night friendly 10am - 1pm Saturdays  Sundays, and 10am - 12pm weekdays) encourages guests to relax and share their holiday experiences. They even have a small 'shop' on the premises which offers toys and aromas, and the hire of adult DVDs.The guests are predominately gay, with a large number of Americans  Brits, but at the weekend I have just spent there, there was also a very nice English straight couple staying too.This isn't a hotel for anyone with kids or pets. Nor is it suited for anyone who has problems with gay people or gay life, but it is a great place to stay if you want the perfect weekend away that is within 5 mins (or less) walking distance from the Argos, Dirty Dicks, The Eagle, Mr B, RoB, The Cuckoos Nest, and The Web. Or, alternatively, you could ignore all the local attractions, and just spend your entire stay holed up in your (play) room!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ebarav
<Content>Was anxious but it's really a greatttt place to stay       large and heated floor  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kiwisf
<Content>Great hotel. This place is great. The owners were friendly and helpful, the room was immaculate, had a great kinky ambience, the bathroom was superb. Best of all was the breakfast, with fresh-squeezed oj, eggs any style and everything else you could want. Convenient location close to the main station. Perfect for the kinky traveller!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>hairyotter
<Content>I can't think of a better hotel for men Wow, what can I say, The Black Tulip is the only hotel in Amsterdam that I'd ever want to stay in while on holiday.I have been staying at the BT once or twice a year for quite some time. Even since before Jurrick and Onno owned the hotel. Usually I stay a week to 10 days. I've lost track of which rooms I've stayed in but I think I've enjoyed them all at one time or another. The rooms are very clean, the bathrooms are spotless, free wireless internet, Television, in room safe, linen fresh and fluffy, beds are comfortable, the staff has always been very friendly and helpful with all my needs and concerns, and a great breakfast! What more could you ask for? And that is just the tip of the ice berg. They have great location, mini bar, positioning devices to ... full fill every need. I can go on and on... Why stay anywhere else.I will be looking forward to my next trip to Amsterdam and The Black Tulip in late October to celebrate Leather Pride!Enjoy, Mark  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hip_hotels_4_me
<Content>A hotel for masochists. I am writing this review a year after my stay only because I've just recently discovered tripadvisor.com. I wanted to share what was for me a really unpleasant experience at The Black TulipLast year I planned a trip to India. I booked a flight from LAX to Heathrow and planned to stay overnight in London before continuing on to Delhi. Just before I left Los Angeles I discovered my favorite band, Radiohead, would be playing the final night of their tour in Amsterdam on the night I was supposed to be in London. I quickly found a ticket to the Radiohead show, booked a plane ticket from London to Amsterdam and then booked a room at The Black Tulip for the night I was to stay in Amsterdam. I was excited to stay there because I'd always heard from my other kinkster friends how great The Black Tulip was. Once I arrived at the Amsterdam airport I caught the train into Amsterdam and then carried my (heavy) bag to The Black Tulip (which is within walking distance from Centraal Station, the main train station in Amsterdam). By the time I arrived, I was totally knackered.One of the owners, Jurrich, opened the door when I rang the bell. Jurrich was as cold as the Polar Ice Cap. While he was filling out forms and finding the key to my room I tried to make pleasant small talk. I was met with virtual silence and tight, forced smiles. O-kay, I thought...'the man doesn't want to talk.' Fair enough...I shut up. (I should point out, Jurrich's English seems fine, so a language barrier did not appear to be the problem.)Jurrich then showed me to my room, one of two standard, non-S/M rooms on the property. Unlike Jurrich, the room was completely charming. I was exhausted from my travel and desperately needed a shower. I pulled my contact lenses from my eyes and hopped into the shower. At this point I should say that I am extremely near-sighted, to the point that I can see only about one foot in front of my face without the aid of contact lenses before everything becomes a total blur. I jumped into the shower, fairly blind, and proceeded to have a nice relaxing shower...all the while, unbeknownst to me, the shower was flooding the bathroom because the drain was clogged. Unfortunately, I couldn't see this...and the level of the water from the shower never got so high that I could feel it on my legs. As far as I knew, everything was fine. But then I stepped out of the shower expecting to plant my foot on dry tile...and stepped instead into a puddle of water. I put my glasses on and saw that the entire bathroom floor had water standing about an inch. Luckily the water had not seeped into the bedroom. I threw all the towels into the floor and immediately called Jurrich. Jurrich came down and promptly started blaming me for the mess. Why didn't you turn the shower off?!, he shouted in a very exasperated tone. I apologised and told him I had no idea the shower was flooding the bathroom. How could you have not known the bathroom was flooding?!, he asked, again in an exasperated, blaming tone, one decibel from shouting. I calmly explained that I was not wearing my contact lenses and that I am almost blind without them so I simply could not see that the water was not draining properly. Jurrich huffed and puffed and made exasperated noises while I basically tip-toed around the room getting my things together. Once he opened the drain he saw that it was clogged and admitted that it was not my fault...but he never apologized for taking a harsh tone with me or initially blaming me.Before I left the hotel for the show, I asked Jurrich for directions to the venue, The Heineken Music Hall. He sent me to the Heineken Museum which is in the center of Amsterdam...unfortunately the Heineken Music Hall is in the opposite direction in the suburbs. This was a bit of a disaster because the concert was general admission and getting a good view of the band depended on being early for the show. Thanks to Jurrich's incorrect directions, I was going to be arriving later than I wanted to arrive. It took forever to find a cab, but finally a taxi came along and took me to the show...I walked in about ten minutes before the music started, which meant I stood in the back of the auditorium with a very poor view of the stage for the entire show.The next morning I went to the lobby/kitchen of The Black Tulip. Jurrich asked me if I wanted breakfast (which was included) and I said I did. As he began to prepare breakfast (which was a good breakfast) I again tried to make pleasant small talk, complimenting the renovation of the property, asking how long they'd owned the place, saying how nice the kitchen was, etc... Again, I was met with forced, tight smiles and one-word responses. Clearly, Jurrich did NOT want to talk to me. After a few minutes a few more guests came down for breakfast and lo and behold, Jurrich brightened up. I wouldn't exactly call him a social butterfly, but he did make conversation with the other guests. Was he rude to me because the bathroom of my room had flooded the night before (it wasn't my fault)? Was it the fact that I am American (again, not my fault)? Did he simply not like the looks of me? Who knows...all I know is that the man was never anything but cold.So, if you are keen on being humiliated or if you are a complete masochist, I can recommend The Black Tulip with no qualms. But if you appreciate being treated with courtesy this might not be the place for you.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>1	3	4	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>rubberpup
<Content>Bondage and Breakfast Me and my mate stayed in this hotel last June, and have to say it's a fantastic hotel.Hotel is set in a very pleasant discreet street, 5 min walk if that from Central Station, (Thats with a suitcase full of gear too)Location is within easy walking distance to the main gay leather area and near to bars and restaurants.Owners were very helpful, rooms were clean and kept to a very high standard, equipment was fantastic and sure made use of it, breakfast had a superb fresh selection.Any gay guy who wants to stay in a hotel that is completely different from the rest then this is definately the one.I'm already booked to go again later this year  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Allamand
<Content>Apparently flowers such as black tulips are rare or impossible in nature ....... Just wanted to write a review for this lovely,friendly,small but perfectly positioned hotel.In all honesty I came across this hotel probably just like you through reading other people's opinions on it and the only problem I could foresee where that a couple of websites and reviews mentioned that this was a menonly hotel.Fortunately this did not stop me from using their contact page to send the owners a mail asking if they were happy for mixed couples to use the hotel and happily the answer was yes.I really would recommend this hotel for adventurous travellers who are looking for something very different but at the same time very homely.The owners are very flexible on everything that matters,like check in times and breakfast times .... which by the way are 10.00am to 12.00,how many times have you wanted that to be true! but they are very careful in explaining security and house rules which is fine by me.We spent most of the second day in our room ( funnily enough,as they are sooo perfect for naughty nights away!) but at no stage did we feel as if we were getting in the way,we were just left in peace.The nice thing was that we were told the best places to visit,where the best restaurants were and loads of useful information and I really cannot understand an old review on here commenting on language barriers or bad staff as it is so not the case!This black tulip is extremely rare ........ a hotel in a bustling and centrally located part of town that makes you feel relaxed and at home but also allows you to be as adventurous as your imagination will take you..... we fell in love with Amsterdam and I blame this hotel !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>connectingvodka
<Content>Cant be better than that. This place is legendary.Starting from the location;it couldnt be more central,5 mins walk from the Central Station.But if you dont know the exact address,you wont find the place as the owners prefer to keep it discreet. You are trusted %100 and treated as a family member from the minute you get it.As a result,there is no 24 hour receptionist,so guests are given the keys of the front door and their room during check in.It also means that you can bring guests to your room but you are responsible from them,and you have to obey simple rules like making sure you close the entrance door properly as there is no security guard waiting there.We are a HETEROsexual couple,stayed here for 4 nights and all i can say to you is that Black Tulip is NOT a men only hotel at all. The only thing you can feel that the guests look surprised when they see a girl at the breakfast table.Speaking of which,breakfast was the freshest and the healthiest one i have ever had at a hotel.Bread rolls are warmed, you can have fresh orange juice,tea and coffie as much as you want,as well as cereals,cheese and cold meats.On our 3rd day i was supposed to participate the entrance examination of an art academy in Amsterdam,and my boyfriend mentioned it to one of the guys shortly while he was hanging at the reception.I was still managing my portfolio in the room that afternoon,and the cleaning guy didnt even knock the door not to bother.That day everyone at the hotel wished me good luck and when we were back,again everyone asked how it went.It was pretty amazing to see that they remembered. Luckily, their wishes were accepted and i am admitted to academy.We will be coming back to Black Tulip.Very soon.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>critchlg
<Content>Friendly, Private, discrete Just got back from a trip to Amsterdam. Your accommodation really makes or breaks your trip and in this case we couldn't have been more satisfied with this place. It has everything in the right proportions. Walking distance from Central Station yet alongside a relatively quite canal. Friendly hosts yet the place is quiet and private enough not to meet anyone else if you so wish. Our room (21) was large in comparison to some of the more commercial hotels and the furniture, an absolute must if that's your thing. There are alternatives to this place in the Dam but not with the same atmosphere. The prices are also quite good considering what you are getting for your money and the level of cleanliness you notice. The staircase to the rooms is a bit of a struggle if you have been out late or have large cases but hey, it's an old building and a modern lift would look out of place.Overall the place made the trip and I'll be back next time. Book ahead as it does get busy which now doesn't surprise me.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>niceguyinparis
<Content>A very special place... very welcoming reception, great room, fantastic view, very good breakfast, close to Central Station and still very quiet, we can't find any faults... and we loved the gay atmosphere (smile)  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LostWeekender
<Content>Wickedly wonderful Warning: A stay at the Black Tulip could well put a grin on your face for weeks and weeks to come !Booked just one night (due to a cancellation) as a birthday surprise for my girlfriend... and boy was she !Wonderfully naughty hotel, beautifully decorated and very discreet. Hosts Onno and Jurrich could not have been more helpful and welcoming, even booking us an excellent restaurant for dinner nearby.Location is great, price very good for such a special place, and yes, Onno's scrambled eggs are to die for !Maybe not a hotel for everyone, but a wickedly wonderful place for the rest.Thanks guys... will surely see you again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jiffla
<Content>Tulips are best in Black Just returned from our Amsterdam trip and am already pining for the hotel. Not only was the service friendly, warm and welcoming but the hotel experience has certainly lifted the lid a bit on Pandora's Box! I cannot recommend this hotel enough.The Hotel itself is in an ideal location right by Centraal station but somehow it is quiet and peaceful. The hotel is clean, the rooms are very comfortable (or not if you choose to play!!) and breakfast is delicious. There are two standard rooms should you not be up to the equipment in the more adventurous suites, however I was hooked after one night and now do not want to stay anywhere else when I come to Amsterdam.Am looking forward to coming back soon, Thanks Onno and Jurrich for such a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bbcravinghole
<Content>leather fantasy great location, friendly staff, fresh healthy breakfast and fantasy come true leather rooms... been there 3 times and I love it.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ThomasEdinburgh
<Content>Great Weekend My partner and I stayed over a long weekend for his 30th Birthday. Amsterdam is a wonderful city and this is the ideal venue from which to explore it. The Hotel is centrally located, yet amazingly quiet; the building sits on a picturesque canal and is readily accessed from the Central Station.We had a wonderful time, and stayed in room 34. The breakfast was excellent served by either Onno or Jurrich who were very welcoming and professional.The room itself was very clean, well equipped, and was presented to the standard one might expect from a five star hotel.We would certainly recommend the hotel, and look forward to a return visit ourselves.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ukchapps
<Content>Men Only Hotel Our fourth visit to Amsterdam and first to the Black Tulip. Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. Definitely for the more discerning travellers. Excellent accommodation, clean, friendly, mosthelpful. Relaxing breakfasts round a huge table chatting with other guests is a wonderful way to start the day. Centrally located close to bars and restaurants. If you only pay one visit to Amsterdam make sure you stay here and experience one of the best gay hotels we have stayed in during many years of travelling. We certainly will be back soon.Ian and David (Newcastle upon Tyne)  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ken_SF
<Content>A lot to love I booked a stay at the Black Tulip for my 40th birthday and had a wonderful time. All of the great things people have said here about Jurrich and Onno are true. Comfortable rooms, great breakfast, super location, oh and the, um specialized theme rooms are worth the cost.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fashionbeast
<Content>very very very good I stayed at this beautiful hotel last weekend.Result: Excellent.Though I was a little bit worried about what it would be like, I understood I was at the right place once I stepped into the hotel.No matter what your sexual preference is, you can stay at this lovely hotel. Well, if you ask me whether there was not anything that made me feel irriateted, I would say the illustrations and pictures on teh walls. Having said that, everybody may have a different taste and I am not into the type of imaginations pictured on these illustrations all over the walls.As for the breakfast, it was very good and tasty. The breakfast room, which can be simply named as the kitchen of the property, was decorated very tastefully. Even the music which accompanied the breakfast was superb. This place is highly recommended.Go and see.....Well, I am not happy to say that since it will be harder for me to find an available room the next time I go to Amsterdam, but duty calls...  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ZacLondon
<Content>A perfect place to explore Amsterdam We were gob-smacked by the remarkable experience we had while staying at the Black Tulip Hotel. It is a very unique hotel owned and run by two hospitable, easygoing and no-nonsense Belgium Boyz 鈥?Jurrich and Onno.What makes Black Tulip unique?鈻玅uality StaffIt was great to see when flexibility and professionalism comes as a second nature. The Black Tulip may not boast a large number of staff but with the trio or quartet the end product is fantastic. They were warm (even when Amsterdam was freezing), hospitable, and informative. Together they all put their heads, hearts and hands for the benefit of all, and foremost- the guests.鈻獻ts strategic locationThe black Tulip is located in the heart of Amsterdam. It is only a stone throw away from the 鈥楥entre Piece鈥?of Amsterdam 鈥?The world renowned Red Light District, the Central Train Station, The Sex Museum and The Marijuana museum, next to the 鈥楪od in the Attic鈥?church as well as other local amenities, facilities, events and site attractions. The hotel also overlooks one of Amsterdam many canals.鈻玀oments of TruthThere was no form of language barrier. The staff all spoke excellent English. As a result the reservation was smooth and this paved the way for a great check-in, stay and check-out. At the time of reservation where we told the room would have been ready at 13:30. It was promised and delivered. Great Start. We were escorted to our room and given a brief orientation. 鈻獶茅corThe d茅cor really added sunshine to our days.鈻獵lean and richly appointed bedroom with stunning viewsWe stayed in room number 31 which had two lovely windows. They both served their purposes. We had a splendid canal view coupled with a magnificent view of Central Train Station (great view for train enthusiasts). We often watch and see the various colour trains pulling in and out of the station. The room had a superb feel, it was clean and fresh but it certainly was different. It had an 鈥榚dge鈥? The wide array of appointments certainly stretched our imagination. They are worth seeing and used I supposed.鈻玈ense of safety and securitySafety and security was explained to us at the time of check-in. We were responsible for our guests and the building was monitored 24 hour by CCTV, placed at strategic locations throughout the hotel. This was very good. We felt very safe. 鈻獴reakfast time (BT)This was truly one of the many highlights of our holiday. BT was very family oriented and the conversation around the table was just informative and stimulating. Fan-tas-tic! This was very fascinating as we were all strangers from different part of the globe. Guest shared their world experiences in just an amazing fashion. You sit at the table forever. Even the staff joined in at times. By the way, breakfast was served buffet style. We called it the Continent Breakfast with and 鈥榯hat edge鈥? The food items were fresh; we even believe the bread came directly from the bakery. Our breakfast chef was always at hand to prepare egg dishes to our liking, in front of our very own eyes. Delicious! We loved his scrambled eggs. That master piece above the rectangular breakfast table 鈥?鈥榳icked stuff鈥? We will definitely be staying at the Black Tulip Hotel when we next visit Amsterdam. It is an affordable base, with great staff. A lot going for Black Tulip. Highly recommend. Z/N  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wirral_carl
<Content>faultless We stayed at the hotel over Christmas (Sunday to Wednesday) and found it faultless. We booked a classic room as this was our first trip and we wanted to check the place out first. What we got was a room that wouldn't be out of place in a 4* boutique hotel - stylish and impeccably turned out, right down to the under floor heating in the bathroom. Jurich and Onno were perfect hosts. Breakfast was great - especially the scrambled eggs! And I must congratulate the guys on their Christmas tree - stunning! We'll definitely be back in 2007! Carl and Cameron (room 12)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Man200
<Content>Loved it, loved it, loved it!!! Just got back from a weekend staying at this hotel and thought it was EXCELLENT! The location was brilliant, the hosts were second to none, the breakfast ample, tasty and satisfying and the rooms...oh the rooms! Wonderful. I鈥檝e never slept below a leather sling before! This was the first time we had ever stayed at an exclusively gay hotel, and certainly I approached it with a bit of trepidation. But my worries disappeared once I met the hosts, Jurrich  Otto. Welcoming, friendly and keen to make a good impression, which they did with aplomb! On waking in the morning we saw just how pretty the location is, right on the side of a canal. And though it was extremely near a very busy thoroughfare there was no noise whatsoever. Any location we wanted to visit too were all within spitting distance - the bars, shops, and railway station; and any a bit further out were easily got to from a tram from the station, less than five minutes walk away.This is one hotel that all gay men must visit once in their lives - and I bet my bottom euro they'll return again and again. Thank you guys!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ZWTraveller
<Content>Excellent hotel! We stayed at the Black Tulip on recommendation from a friend. We took one of the larger rooms with a canal view. On arrival we were impressed by the professional yet informal service rendered by the proprietors. It was as if we were arriving to stay with old friends.The room was well appointed, clean and very tastefully decorated. The bed was excellent and the bathroom a delight. We spent 3 excellent days in Amsterdam, always glad to return to the hotel to relax between our forays.It is situated very centrally with easy access to good shops, restaurants and the nightlife. I thought the mid week rate of approx 拢114 per night, including breakfast and all taxes, was excellent value for money when compared against many of the hotels belonging to international chains in Amsterdam.We will certainly be staying there again!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shadesofgrey1
<Content>One of the best and most unique hotels on the planet, very friendly staff I have just completed my 4th stay. This is one of the most unique hotels in the world. The hotel is impecably clean, well appointed, and the staff very accomodating. I read one review complaining about them not speaking english and being rude. I do not know how anyone could ever say that. The owners speak several languages flawlessly. I myself speak only english and broken german and had no problem communicating with the staff at any time.The owners are also extreemly knowlegeable about the local area and events going on in the city. They will help you secure tickets and point you in the right direction any time you need help.It costs a little more but, is well worth it for the value you get.Highly reccomended.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WhirledTravlr
<Content>Comfort and Kink Have stayed here many times over the years, most recently in February. The new management is warm and welcoming, the towels still fluffy, the hot water still plentiful, the decor still one-of-a-kind and the location still unbeatable, a short walk from Central Station but on a lovely canal. But don't book here if you're not comfortable with the gay male leather subculture.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ajdesq
<Content>Friendly, welcoming, comfortable, and great value! Not cheap, but superb value for money - that's far more important! Onno and Jurrich are extremely friendly, polite, yet also highly professional. Hotel was scrupulously clean, and breakfast delicious. Bed really comfortable.We had room 22, and by the time you include the breakfast, we paid about the same as we'd have done in a faceless 2* chain hotel. And that would be without the terrific playtime equipment!Location is also good, being so close to Centraal Station. We will definitely go back, as we felt so very comfortable and welcome there. Love it!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ascottowers
<Content>Fantastic hotel!   showReview(5930764, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tigger_68
<Content>Grrreat   showReview(5908897, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beechmi
<Content>Big Surprise in Amsterdam!!!       View of canal in front of the Black Tulip  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>westashleyguy
<Content>Better than I could have hoped for   showReview(5706729, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at the Black Tulip   showReview(4971404, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>muscledadmike
<Content>Loved it   showReview(4318535, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>itsjohn
<Content>Terrific!   showReview(4092470, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great fun, charming owners   showReview(4014400, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unique hotel; staff was awful   showReview(3981823, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>janknitter
<Content>Das Black Tulip ist ein sehr nettes geiles hotel   showReview(21944787, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fistfrenchguy
<Content>remarquable h么tel sp茅cialement 茅quip茅 pour la client猫le gay "cuir"   showReview(12321200, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

