<Author>hatbar
<Content>Overrated, not a 5-star We stayed at the Inna Grand for a week. We couldn't believe that this is rated a 5-star hotel. Our toilet didn't work properly and our whole room smelled like sewage for a week. The staff were hopeless when we asked for something to be done about it. Management refused to assist us with a phone call back home when our credit cards were stolen - they simply responded with 'not our problem' and proceeded to charge us AU$5/minute to phone our credit card company! You would never get this response from a 5-star hotel anywhere else in the world... but it's not a 5-star - the rooms were shabby, gardens lovely but buildings crumbly and very very old.Staff and management at the front desk were very rude and unhelpful, on a number of occasions. On the up side, the housekeeping staff were lovely, sheets and towels very clean, room service well-priced, buffet breakfast fabulous and the location is great. But for the amount they charge I would definitely not stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	2	2	1	

<Author>alwayslove2travel
<Content>Lovely hotel It is a lovely hotel. The rooms are fairly basic but the facilities and pool area are excellent. The beach right outside the hotel isn't the best but if you walk 5 minutes up the beach it's fine. About a 10 minute walk from a good selection of restaurants and bars.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	4	1	

<Author>newmom2newplace
<Content>So so hotel... The structure of this place was so tired; our room was ok but the entire hotel stunk of cigarettes... they put one of those bathroom sprays in the elevators so the smell was just HORRIBLE. you had to hold your breath to get in there. Mind you we were on the 6th floor!!!We had the sea view room and the view was really nice, the staff were great at the restaurants. Such friendly people. But, it's sad that the room we stayed was very dirty... especially the bathroom. It smelled REALLY NASTY and the shower curtain was very dirty.Not a good value for the money.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	5	-1	

<Author>Sandgroper1953
<Content>Stinks of cigarettes We have just returned from Bali, we had the mispleasure of staying at the Inna Grand Bali Beach Hotel at Sanur.We had the deluxe seaview room booked, the first room offered was extremely dirty, carpets were stained, bath was rusted badly and the room stank of cigarettes.We complained to the hotel and another room was offered, this room was not much better.In fact every where you went in the hotel, it stank from cigarettes.The hotel is in urgent need of an upgrade, it claims 5 stars however I believe it would now be lucky to rate 3 stars.Staff at the front desk are in urgent need of being educated to deal with the public, they are rude and extremely arrogant.Dont spend your hard earned money here unless you are a chain smoking individual that likes rude and unhelpful staff.Wouild I stay there again, no way!!!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>monastella
<Content>Such a dissapointment I stayed in Inna Grand Bali with my fiancee for 2 nights. I was there last year and it was nice, so I decided to return with my fiancee. We were fasting, so when we arrived and the welcome drink was served to us, we thought of saving the drinks for later and asked them to deliver the drinks into our room. The staff at the reception just said No, you can drink it here later. I personally thought it was rude of him. Not only that, we were given our roomkey, and that's all! Nobody seemed to care to walk us into our room, so we walked ourselves into our room.Drawbacks (aside than those mentioned above):1. Uncomfortable and old bed..some of the bed's surfaces were not as firm as the others.2. Small bathroom with a very old tub.3. Strange odor since the room might have been unoccupied for some times (smell of fungus).4. Lousy Pay TV. Not worthy of paying 8 US$..just 4 ordinary movies which were played over and over again.5. Lousy breakfast for those who are fasting. On the second day, they served chicken porridge, fried rice-noodle, fried egg, which were so so (you can get it in any restaurants outside, with a much better taste and much much cheaper price), not a breakfast spread you'd be hoping in a 5-star hotel.The only good thing about it would be the hotel environment, which was clean and green, and that the garden was beautiful. I regret taking my fiancee here, and I definitely will not return again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	3	1	

<Author>Prettypollycat
<Content>Comfortable hotel This was our 3rd visit to the Grand Bali Beach.It鈥檚 classed as a 4 star but is getting in need of some TLC in some of the rooms.The beach frontage is extensive, which is very nice.We spoke to a few people who were staying at hotels that weren鈥檛 on the beach and from their reports the GBB scored high here.We stayed in one of the Garden wings and our room was large and well furnished with a massive extra-king-sized bed (our request rather than twin beds), table  easy chairs and fridge.The air-conditioning was very effective.The bathroom, although clean, was in need of some refurbishment.The room boy was lovely and the service he gave was excellent.The public areas were very clean.The lobby of the Tower Wing is very impressive.There are shop units as you walk through the hotel but unfortunately quite a few of these were empty which adds to the 鈥榬un-down鈥?impression.There are 3 swimming pools, we used the Tirta pool.There were quite a few sunbeds around the main pool and dotted throughout the grounds, although some of the garden rooms that faced the pool (ours didn鈥檛) seemed to have 鈥榓quired鈥?sunbeds for their own personal use, a practice that the management should put a stop to.We were on room-only basis and never ate in the hotel at all.We were happy with the location, although some people may find it a bit far out as it is on the extreme end of Sanur Beach.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Davidpatrickl
<Content>Great Value       Looking north  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>si_jangkung
<Content>Ugly, Really need a total makeover This hotel need a makeover. Everything in the room is old. So old you can smell it. Air Conditioner was not working well.. it was not even cool. Bathroom also need some upgrade. Bed is firm, that's OK for me. Only good thing is this hotel is right by the beach, not too far from the city. Pool is good. Staffs are really friendly. Breakfast is OK, but for those who stay for more than 1 night, you'll find the same menu every morning.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>Wedderburn
<Content>Loved Bali and our cottage accommodation We visited Grand Bali Beach Hotel as a family. My husband and I, Grandmother and 15 month old. We stayed in two cottages right by beach which were extremely spacious with kingsize beds. My cottage had a dressing area as well.We looked at several rooms before deciding and staff were more than happy to do this.Staff also rushed around with luggage, sorting out general needs and spraying the rooms beacause of mosquito's then leaving mosquito repellers which were changed and filled each day for us.The rooms are tired and not everything worked perfectly but thanks to the comments I read on this site it was not a shock.For our family Sanur was the perfect location peaceful and buggy friendly. The beach path going past all reastaurants and bars and shops was perfect for the baby Bugaboo. Kuta was far too busy and not ideal with baby but great for a night out.Grandma loved her cottage and location.Enjoyed swimming in the sea and the pools at the hotel were very clean and not over chlorinated.Massages and manucures are offered by many on the beach we all had several. Also the hotel Spa was a lovely experience and still very cheap by Uk standards.There is a chap on the beach Wayan Suara he charges more but is very good for diagnosing problem areas, using acupressure and reflexology very painful massage which gives results, my back is so much better and Grandma's shoulder is also better after just two massages.We nicknamed him Mr Muscle which he quite liked. He is located oposite main hotel building under trees by the boats next to the pier. My husband recommends massage lady number 2. they cost betwen 3 GBP and 8GBP for an hour massage so take advantage.All the bars and restaurants on the beach are varied and so the choice each evening is wonderful although close early as resort is not that busy.We could have stayed at better class of resort but the money we saved by staying at this hotel goes a long way.The accommodation is three star but the service is 5 star.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Mista-go
<Content>We loved this hotel! Our super-panoramic room was located in the main building and had a lovely terrace overlooking the sea and the hotel's luxuriant gardens. Floor staff was excellent for cleanliness and kindness. Inside this huge compound (infact, apart from the main building, there are other accomodation options such as bungalows) there are great pools, shops, very good restaurants and mini golf. Breakfast was very abundant and wide-ranging from eastern to westrern courses. We loved our stay at Grand bali Beach!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>phillin
<Content>overall good pro,s - tower wing room good ,nice big king size bed, carpet, safe in wardrobe tv ect.excellent service throughout the hotel. breakfast great,evrything you could possibly want.location good and bad,nice beach,but not for swimming, reef just offshore, so water very shallow, but great for kids. tirta pool excellent,plenty of beds,no umberelas but plenty of shade under the trees. the gardens are magnificent and a pleasure to walk around.the interia of the hotel is really impressive. cons - main tower wing is 42 years old and its exterier age is showing. the two pools and courtyard are really looking tatty. if you need transport it is expensive to get from the hotel,as the nearest road is a good 5-10 minute walk. beware when ordering food  drink in the hotel, there is a 10% govt charge and a 21% service charge, so it is really easy to rack up a big bill. no funiture on the tower wing balconies which defeats the point of having a great view. overall a good hotel for families, honeymooners. no good for the club crowd.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Bankhead
<Content>Grand Bali Hotel, Sanur Just returned from a fabulous holiday in Bali again. When we arrived we stayed 1 night at The Conrad Hilton in Nusa Dua which was fabulous but quite expensive in Bali standards. The restaurants are also double the price of restaurants in Sanur and Kuta.We then took a taxi which cost about $10US to Sanur and checked in to the Inna Grand Bali Beach for 8 nights. We had stayed there before 6 years ago so more or less knew what to expect. We booked in the internet and the room rate was $65USD per room incl all taxes and American breakfast. Word of caution as people checking in on spec were being charged $130USD so make sure you book on the internet or call the hotel. We had a tower room which was clean but becoming rather tired and in need of some care, but we had a balcony directly overlooking the Indian ocean which was nice. The hotel was not busy at all as a result of the Bali bombings it seems and the locals are so desperate for tourists to return. The breakfast was ok but mostly catered for Japanese, Korean, Taiwanese etc but you could have eggs cooked to order, cereal, fresh fruits, toast, pancakes etc so quite good overall. Food and drink more expensive in the hotel as you would expect, so 15000 rupiah(about 0.80p) for a litre of beer outside and 35000 plus tax which was then 42000, about 拢2.50 in the hotel. Still not extortionate but money goes a long way outside the hotel. If your in need of Macdonalds, KFC or Dunkin Donuts they're just outside the hotel.Pool area still very nice and no problems getting sun loungers due to the under occupancy at the hotel. Last time we had to get down to the pool by 06.00hrs for a sunlounger but they were available all the time on this trip.The hotel staff and locals are as always very friendly and gracious and will do anything to help. The bars on the beachfront near the village area which is a 10 minute walk were very quiet every night and begging for peoples business. MOst closed around 23.00hrs. If you want nightlife then a short taxi ride into Kuta which will cost around $8USD and its al happening there till the very late hours, and every kind of bar available.All in all a great trip and the Grand Bali Beach is still excellent value, but you get what you pay for.....For real luxury and pampering then Nusa Dua hotels but they are more expensive and outside the bars are also double the prices of Sanur and Kuta.The Club Bali Mirage is all inclusive and located in Nusa Dua and good value at $135USD per night per room for 2 people.[--]All the best if you visit Bali and you'll fall in love with the island.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>beforeIdie
<Content>What a Hotel My wife and I have just returned from 14 days at the Inna Grand Bali Beach hotel, after almost 30 years of travel this has to have the most beautiful grounds and setting of any hotel that we have stayed in, the public areas were great and the gardens to a gardener are superb. the staff are friendly and couldnt do enough for us, any faults or problems were fixed almost immediatel, Breakfast was good , probably not up to the standard in Thailand but good. Our superior Garden room was very clean and kept this way during our stay, unfortunately, the bathroom is in need of a little Tender Loving Care, i.e. the bath fittings need replacing and the tiles need re grouting but apart from that all was well. in the grouds the Swimming Pool in in need of a good clean, all of these faults will not cost a lot to put right and should not put people off going, we would certainly recommend the Hotel to anyone. the beach in front of the hotel is kept clean, but the beach in front of the Market Area is a bit dirty but one cannot expect the Hotel to clean that, some good eating place near by,  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amitabhd
<Content>Good but not up there... The entire property with its vast garden areas is very beautiful but the beach area was a let down. During my stay I saw very few people on the hotel beach. The breakfast was great with a huge spread. I just ate at the coffee shop so I cannot comment on any of the restaurants but whatever I ate was very good. I ordered room service one evening and found it to be quite reasonable. The rooms are spacious. One evening they had a play on the grounds which was very interesting. Overall the service was very good and the price right but I wouldnt rate it as a 5 star experience.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>citynorman
<Content>ok value for money, not too exciting, beach not swimmable, no sunsets       main hotel complex at sunrise  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	4	1	

<Author>LenaPerth
<Content>Gorgeous Gardens! After reading some of the reviews, I almost cancelled my reservation, however, my travel agent assured me that I would love this hotel like all her clients. My husband, 2 daughters- (15 years and 2.5 years) and I had 2 lovely superior garden view rooms with a balcony each. We could look out onto the garden and the beach! We stayed there for 12 nights and both daughters had a great time. The baby loved the pools and playground, the teenager also loved the pools, the facials and mini-golf.My husband and I loved the pools, the food, the massages at the spa and the short walk to the Sanur markets and excellent restaurants. We had seafood at a fraction of Jimbaran Bay's prices! We would highly recommend The Seven Seas restaurant!The hotel service is excellent, the upgrade of the garden wings is superb- vitreous floor tiles and lovely furnishings. You can have as much water as you desire- the housekeeping staff are only too happy to help- and best of all- no tipping policy, so it's entirely up to you if you want to- the staff certainly don't expect it! To all those unsure after reading other reviews, I'd say, go- and ask to see your room BEFORE you agree to accept it. I would also recommend strong mosquito repellent. ENJOY!!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>yapnelann
<Content>good value hotel but if you want 5 star, this should not be you choice       beautiful view from tower room window  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>hejabois
<Content>Nice       view from the balcony  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If they paid me to stay here I would not This hotel is so awful, I was compelled to write a review and warn other travelers. The hotel is essentially a bunch of bungalow-type rooms and from the exterior the complex looks passable (though by no means fantastic). However, the horror begins after you enter the rooms. I would say imagine a college dorm room... but worse. The beds were old, the furniture was awful, the bathroom has not been refurbished probably for 15 years. When we turned on the faucet brown/rust water came out, indicating the probably no one has stayed there for quite some time. The breakfast buffet was horrendous, the only thing I ate was eggs because at least I knew that was cracked open right in front of me so no bugs had crawled all over my food. If someone offered me money to stay here I would still have to think about it.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Holiday! The Inna Grand Bali Beach hotel in Sanur. What can I say? I had an excellent time, everyone was extremely friendly and every single staff member I passed greeted me with a warm smile and a friendly hello how are you today absolutely no money or posessions went missing and our room was cleaned daily and bedsheets were replaced with fresh, clean sheets.I made friends with many of the locals and did not once feel in danger whilst I was there. I assume it's because we were Australian. No offence but I asked them why they like Australians and they replied that we are friendlier and nicer than most tourists. while I was there I found myself agreeing with the phrase Whinging poms even more so after visiting this site!!! the Americans there were arrogant and talked to the Balinese like they were stupid, the poms whinged and complained about every damn thing and the Australians were the ones having coktails, swimming in the pool and socializing with everyone!I came upon this site prior to leaving for bali and I got the impression that the hotel was going to be disgusting, unsafe and dirty. when I arrived I was so very surprised. the place was absolutely gorgeous! immaculate gardens, friendly staff, beautiful structure (everything is just about marble!), beautiful flowers, wood and decoration.. I could go on forever! sure the bathrooms weren't 100% but they were definitely manageable.I love this hotel and visiting Bali so much that before I even left to go home I started organising to return in September. I encourage everyone to visit Bali. it's a beautiful beautiful place and they are struggling because of what happened. I encourage people to stay at this hotel. I loved it and am looking forward to returning in a few months.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Bali Beach our 2nd Home We have stayed at the Grand Bali Beach for the last 6 years - It is home from home, excellent staff and accommodation. If you are not satisfied about a room or anything they change it immediately. Nothing is too much trouble. I would recommend it to anyone.The bar is a little expensive but it works out the same price as the UK) - If you want cheap drinks go to other bars / restaurants. We always do. We have met many many friends since we first went to Bali in 2000 and we will continue to go and stay at the Grand Bali Beach.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful time.had wedding in grand bali beach hotels grounds.going back 2006 stayed at the bali beach in oct 2004,cannot believe all the negative veiws i am reading.staff and people were the most friendly people you could ever wish to meet. as for the rooms,we stayed in the tower wing and the room was clean,damp free ,spaciuos, enormous bed,spotless bathroom,large amount of money was kept in room safe and not one penny went missing.the hotel and garden areas were very clean and tidy.will be returning in 2006.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nickIpswichEngland
<Content>an insult to the word hotel all the bad reviews were quite true. the rooms are an insult to the word hotel room we arrived on 16 oct the room allocated and paid for was supposed to be tower wing deluxeit had light fittings hanging out of the ceiling,damp bedding,holes in the bath,carpet that had been patched with different colour carpet,furniture that was chipped and in fact one bedside table fell to pieces when i touched it. we were offered two different rooms but these were no different,all the rooms were filthy.i spoke to the duty manager who said all the rooms were bad as no money was invested in the hotel.there were only a coffee shop and one beach restuarant open as the managment had closed all the other ones.the prices were horrendous about double of any other hotel for food and drink after three days we moved to the puri santrian which was brilliant. be advised stay clear of this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Suitable hotel - you get what you pay for. We stayed at this hotel in the Garden Wing for two weeks and found it ideal as a home base. We spent almost every day travelling to different parts of the island and this hotel was very suitable to retire to each evening. Staff is extremely courteous and friendly. Beds were comfortable and rooms spacious. Rooms were cleaned every day and we had no problems whatsoever with any of the staff regarding money disappearing. The rooms do need to be updated and are not exactly what we expect in North America. However, you are here to enjoy the surroundings and experience the culture, not scrutinize the corners of the room! The air conditioners do leak in the stairwells at times. The fitness facility is very dated. Pools were well kept and towels always available. Spa is wonderful and a wide variety of treatments available. Food and beverage is very over-priced at the hotel, but the beach is lined with restaurants just a five-minute walk away. Felt very safe at all times walking along the beach pathway to the restaurants. Definitely walk out to the street to hail a cab - much more reasonable this way. Transportation to/from Denpasar, Kuta or Jimbaran is extremely cheap, so do not let the distance bother you. Sanur is much quieter than Kuta and there is not much night life. Depending on what you like, this may affect your decision as to where to stay. For the money we paid, this was definitely as we expected, with the service being greater than expected.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1 of the worst htls i have seen many hotels all around the world and stayed in all kinds of accommodation types but this one was the worst. all the negative comments are spot on. i can guarantie that you wouldnt find it a restfull or entertaining place to be.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh my! the reviews were true!!! Well, The first cottage was dirty, smelly and had electrical sockets hanging off of the wall in the bathroom!!! The second was slightly better but very close to the pool, so couldn't complain!!! If they paid as much attention to the rooms as the gardens it might be good. Our brochure said, a lively resort Where, we looked and found two bars. One kareoke and one with some loud singers!!The local shops - You will be badgered just say No Thank You and they back off after a day or two!The prices in the hotel were expensive compared to outside in Sanur. Try the local supermarket near to the Bonsai Cafe. Open 24hrs. 1.5ltr water 14p!The local resturants are nearly half price. Some good, some indifferent.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>weebrian
<Content>Run as fast and as far away as possible...       and finally... your wardrobe.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Bali_babe
<Content>Fantastic Having been to the GBB 3 times i can honestly say that this hotel is truly wonderful. It may not be five star luxury but I cannot fault the services on offer at this hotel. I agree that the hotel rooms may not seem overly luxurious but the tower wing rooms are more than adequate and are clean and comfortable, which is the most important thing.The facilities of this hotel are superb and there are an array ofthing to keep you occupied. One thing that i rate the hotel very highly on, are the immacualte gardens. They are so beautifully manicured and maintained. there was not 1 day that passed during my holiday that I did not see a gardener doing some kind of maintenance work.Each time i have been to this hotel it has just got better and better. The garden wing lobby has been renovated and the additionof the Sector night club seems to be popular, but not distubing to other hotel guests. As for the location it could not be in a better place. Right on the beachfront and just a couple of minutes from an restaurants and shops.I truly believe that this hotel is an honest reflection of Bali, friendly staff and comfortable surroundings. Could not have wished for a better place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holidayharvey
<Content>Come here and get robbed blind. The Grand Bali Beach was the third, and worst hotel we stayed in on our trip last year. There were six of us on the trip including two children, one 3 years old. All the other reviews state the hotel is poor, dirty and has a constant damp smell. All the other reviews are very accurate. We didn't bother eating in the hotel as food and drink are very expensive compared with the restaurants in Sanur. There were some particularly good restaurants including The Garden Italian and even the Japaneese restaurants were excellent and cheap. A good local restaurant is always superb value. You do have to shop around to find the best and cheapest but there are some good restaurant guides available on the internet. There are very few touts and all are happy for you to look at their menus. The very worst part of the hotel was the staff 'dipping' into everyones room safes. Everyone we spoke to had small amounts of money taken, usually around 拢20 a time so most guests would not notice. We had 拢40 travellers cheques, 拢100 cash, and a mobile phone stolen from the room safe. Other guests we spoke to had US Dollars, Australian Dollars and local currency taken. When we confronted the hotal manager she said her staff were God fearing people and would be punished in the after-life if they had taken anything. Very helpful. We went to the Police station with a member of staff and made a statement. When we had the statement translated at a later date, it stated we had 'lost' our money and belongings on hotel premesis. The only conclusions that we could draw is that the Staff, Management and Police may all be involved in this scam. PLEASE BE AWARE. After this, we used the hotels' own safety deposit boxes to the rear of reception and no more money was 'lost'. One good place to visit to get all your souveneers is HARDY'S at the far end of Sanur. Generally, you don't get much pressure to buy and just point to what you want, they wrap it for you and take it to the cashiers desk and give you a ticket. Prices are good and the choice is huge. It's great to get all your shopping done in one hit. Generally we avoided Kuta, it's too much like Australian Costa del Sol. There is not a great deal to do in Sanur in the evenings so find a really good restaurant and settle down for the night. The hotel bar was a bit of a chuckle, we christened it 'The Dog and Chopstick' thanks to our Korean friends and their obsession with Karaoke.  Do have a look at the organised trips. We found one but didn't go...Big event Cremation ceremony...the organisers wanted a couple of days notice! Scuba diving is good at Tulamben and Scuba Dooba Doo 5* diving centre were particularly excellent and professional. Jimboran beach for seafood sunset dinner is a must and do visit the bird park. Always go outside the hotel to get taxis, agree a price and the driver will stay with you all day if required. Avoid government orgnised trips to wood carving, silver works and Kintamani Volcano. Bali and Sanur are worth a trip, but do find a good hotel and do be brave and try out as many restaurants as possible.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>webbs
<Content>Never again - worst of all money stolen from safe in hotel room Stayed in the Inna in November last year for honeymoon and was disappointed actually disgusted would be a better word. The rooms that we were first shown to were dated, dirty (marks on the carpet and walls, marks in the bath) and smelt of damp ( this was in the tower), the furniture was in need of updating ( chipped and looked like it could do with a coat of paint)We were given a room upgrade when we got there due to honeymoon !! (it was awful) and we actually asked to see the so called downgrade to see were these any better than the rooms we were already shown, these were the garden rooms and they were very basic with old furniture again. After calling the rep and manager to say the hotel was not up to standard we were finally given an upgrade to a suite room with panoramic views( seperate living area and two bathrooms - 1 toilet kept breaking each day) which I have to say was lovely.When we were at the hotel there was renovation work being carried out, painting, up grading - so maybe the place will look better now but we did pay alot of money for the honeymoon so that is why it is such a let down, we went with Kuoni, but did receive compensation from them as we provided video evidence to support our concerns.There was only one restaurant open and this was the one by the beach which had the same menu day and night. The food was over priced in the hotel and your best bet is to walk along the beach front in the evening and there are loads of resturants to choose from.The hotel had a constant smell of damp, and on numerous occasions we were greeted with duvets ( for beds) covering up wet patches from leaking air conditioning in the main walk ways. The smell was awful.We would get a taxi into Kuta most days and do some shopping, loads of stalls, go to the waterpark. Then stay on into the evening for a wider variety of bars and restaurnats. We did not come accross any clubs in Sanur but there are loads in Kuta.Also outside the hotel you have traders trying to sell trips, massages etc but this can be quite a hassle at times.The hotel also has a nice spa with treatments which is nice to have a days shopping to help relax.We also seen that the hotel was over run with guests, while walking from our room each day when the chamber men were cleaning the rooms there were no beds in the rooms just matresses on the floors, in most rooms at least 4/5 which should of housed a 2 people.The pool was full first thing in the morning and then there would be people in there until 11.00pm, even though they should of not been in there, nothing was ever said.And finally the worst - on the way to breakfast one morning we heard an arguement with english residents and the staff, we overheard that they had money stolen from the safe in their room. We were concerned so decided to go back and count up the money we had in the safe ( it was either that or take the money, passports with us everywhere) we had bali money, sterling uk and malaysia money (next stop),.When we came back at lunch time we checked the money again and would you believe we had the equilevant of 50 uk pounds stolen !! We called the hotel manager to come up to the room, she was no help what so ever and said she would get a sniffer dog to come up to the room, I asked what good this would do, she could not answer.The hotel (after being asked on at least 3 occasions) would not call the police, they wanted the hotel security to sort this out ! what a joke .... we called the kuoni rep and explained what had happened and he came over. He made arrangements for a car to pick us up the next day and take us to the police station ( they would not come to the hotel even though the manager had advised us that it had happened to at least 8 other people) it took another 3 hours at the police station to make a statement and we were made to feel like we were the ones that had done something wrong. We went to the police out of principle more than anything and did not put a cliam in for any money lost with insurance.To be honest I could go on and on but I have to stop sometime all i can say is Never again - even if it was free !!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute rubbish We were so looking forward to visiting Bali, but on arrival at the Grand Bali Beach Hotel - what a shock. We had already looked at the pictures on the web, but they must have been taken when the hotel was first built because it was so run down now. The beach hut was absolutely disgustingly filthy, so we moved to the main hotel. We moved rooms 4 times in 10 days. All the rooms and bedding smelt of mould. You couldn't get a sun lounger. The beach was not private and disappointing. It most certainly isn't a four star hotel, maybe one star. We ended up getting a refund from our travel agent as the hotel ruined our holiday, and after speaking to various people staying there, they agreed. GOOD POINTS - White water rafting, and Elephant ride in Bali.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Halo11
<Content>Beautiful area, hotel not so great! We visited the Grand Bali Beach in October 2004. Lovely time of year to visit Bali as the weather was perfect. We upgraded to a tower room, big mistake! The small bungalows which are a grade lower are perfect, they have their own smaller pools and snack bars, are closer to the restaurants and shops etc and have easier access to the beach. The tower room we stayed in was over the large air conditioning unit, which was quite ironic, considering how non-existant our air-conditioning was. The room was very basic, and not a patch on similar hotels in Thailand and Malaysia etc. The food is v. overpriced and they prey on the lazier visitors who don't feel like walking to the main restaurants. This review is sounding very bad, but we did have a wonderful time and the hotel is very impressive in reception, which is lovely when you first arrive. It's just a bit of a shame that the rooms let things down.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away! This hotel was built in the 60s and from the look of it, nothing has been done to it ever since. The facilites are run-down and not reflecting the price at all. There are plenty other places available. If you are still planning a stay, choose the garden wing which is a little less industrial.The beach was a major disappointment. The water is ok, but because of the reef it's not really for swimming. Although the pool was ok, it is a major hassle to get a sunbed. Expect to get up early to beat the elderly to the race for one of the much-sought sunbeds.The location is quite a walk from major attractions, shops and restaurants. By taxi it's quick, of course, but otherwise half an hour to the main strip in Sanur.That said, I won't give it the lowest rating because of its relatively clean and hospitable service and friendly and helpful reception staff.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gp171080
<Content>Did not meet expectation This was the 2nd visit to Bali when we stayed in the Grand Bali Beach and we were really looking forward to staying here UNTIL we arrived at the hotel and it looked really tired and in need of a good lick of paint all over.After a 17 hour flight journey we were taken to our room (bungalow) which was dreadful it was all dark in side, the shower was disgusting aswell as the toilet, so we then went onto another room which was exactly the same. We then complained to reception and had to pay an 150 for the whole stay to be upgraded to another room, which was not worth it as it had stains up the wall. At this time we were fed up and so were happy to just go along with anything, the utilities were clean which was the main thing. Not a good start though!!!We found the pool areas very nice, the one closest to our room was sooooooooooooooooooo overcrowded, our of the 14 days there was probably only got beds for 7, we had to lay on the beach on our towels which isn't very nice even after getting up at 6am to get a bed I still couldn't!!!!!!!!!!I would not recommend this hotel to anyone considering there are fair nicer ones on the island. It is in desperate need of redecoration and some thought put into the whole process of the hotel.A no no for me  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfortable We stayed at the Grand Bali Beach in September 2004 The hotel was Comfortable we stayed in a tower room which was fine in need of some minor decoration but fine for what we wanted. the hotel its self was nice the pool area's were lovley with shade if required. Towels for round the pool were provide free of charge which is a bonus.The restraunts were nice but the menus were similair and soon we found we were always eating the same thing, this said some of the facilitys were been renovated while we were there.If I went again I would definatly stay in a garden room. Overall we had a fab time and would recommend this hotel  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ToscaCheng
<Content>Comfortable stays, in the reasonable price I stayed in Grand Bali Beach with my wife last year, and spent very wonderful days. The room is very clean, the decoration is fine(although not full bali style but very comfortable in the light colors). The view from the balcony is well, just face to the sea. The bathroom is not so big, but everything goes well: wide mirror, shower curtain on the bath tub. Water Pressure is OK. The metress is nice, for my feeling, not too soft or hard. The Buffet Breakfast served in the 3rd floor, in the huge resterant, combines western and indonesian foods, feeds up every ones. In the very low price, you can't complain anything. I bought it with my plane ticket, and each continued stay only cost about 15 euros, what an amazing price! They got night feast every night with different type (like BBQ) on the swimming pool side, costs about 10 euros each person. There is even a 9-holes golf plain in the hotel. But, still some points should be noticed. They have Taxi-calling-service on the main door, but several times expensive than you get on the street. They have the money exchange in the hotel, but not as cheap as on others. They have a beach-volley arena, but too hot to stay. Beacause of the golf-plain outside the hotel, if you want to go out from hotel, you have to walk about 10 minutes to get to the street, and quite far from any attractions or busy streets. The bali taxi is very very cheap, the fair price is about 1 euro for 2 or 3 km( you can cut the price as you can , because the drivers will add on since you are a foreigner), but it's quite hard to find the normal taxi on the quite street outside the Bali Beach. Me and my wife decide to walk to the busy street, and spend almost 40 minutes. Anyway, the Bali Beach is a very ideal stays for the people who will spend most of their time in the hotel. It provides everything. As for the backpacker like us, you can take it as your base, in the limited budget, if you don't care about the volley arena or the golf like us. You can spend some days here to save the money, and then find a wonderful villa to stay in the rest days of your trip.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jagat
<Content>銇ㄣ仯銇︺倐銇曘伂锝炪倠   showReview(21155937, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併亴鐩伄鍓嶏紒閬婃閬撱仹銇暎姝┿亴姘楁寔銇°亜銇勶紒   showReview(20348560, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in Bali   showReview(22948394, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

