<Author>CCOND
<Content>Expedia does not know how to rate a hotel I booked a Christmas trip to HI for my son and me with Expedia. I did not have any idea where to stay and they made it sound easy. Making was easy what we got was NOT.... I requested a 4 star hotel on the beach. Upon checking in we checked out... This is not even a 1 star hotel. Dirty Dirty Dirty, old very old in the 70's this was a good deal. In 2008 it was still in the 70's. It took me two hours on the phone to get this cancelled and we moved. If you want run down with a picture of a boat dock this is for you. The smell in the room was probably the worst thing, I would have never made it for a week in this room. I have pictures of the linens fraed, furniture, carpets etc if you would like to see please email me.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	4	4	1	

<Author>Love_My_Rescue_Dogs
<Content>Pros and cons; consider the tradeoffs We reserved several rooms as part of a family vacation. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable, and it's a great location if you want to be able to walk easily to the beach. Also nice to have kitchenette basics, and the rooms are clean and basic for the budget category.I had read the reviews and brought ear plugs and eye shades, but they didn't help as much as I hoped. I've never heard noise like what I heard from my room (it was a corner with more windows than an interior room) and found it impossible to get quality sleep due to trucks, buses, city noise, etc. Also, the mattress was soft for my liking. To me it seemed more like a hostel room than a hotel room, but others in my family liked their rooms.If you're a true beach person and the downsides are worth the tradeoffs, go for it. In hindsight I would have picked a nicer hotel further away from the beach and rented a car to spend time on other parts of the island. Waikiki is a lot like Miami Beach, with lots of people and shopping and nightlife and good beaches and snorkeling, but it wasn't my cup of tea. If you're into the beach, you can't beat the location.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	-1	5	

<Author>JayCa
<Content>Inexpensive but not worth it My husband and I went to Waikiki for my father's family reunion. My in-laws came a long for the ride. We knew we weren't going to be spending any time in our room so we just wanted a place to sleep for as cheap as possible.I had seen the reviews for the Waikiki Prince here on tripadvisor and decided to book it. Since it was just the two of us and we were being as fruggle as possible we went for the very small room. I believe this was our mistake. The very Small room was on the far corner of the top floor. I didn't mind having to walk up one flight of stairs to get to the top floor (the elevator only goes to the 5th floor of 6) but the elevator was out of order half of the time we were there.The main problem I had with the room was the noise. Waikiki is not a quiet part of town, I understand this, but the room only had 2 normal walls out of 4. The 2 walls that faced out (we were on a corner) were entirely made up of rippled glass, slat windows. Even if we closed them and pulled the thin cutain closed it was still impossibly noisy not to mention bright as day. This made sleeping (the only thing we wanted the room for) difficult. This may not be a problem with other rooms.What I did like was for the same price as the Waikiki Hostel (where my sister stayed) we had our own decent sized bathroom, fridge and microwave.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>waikikigirl
<Content>Just loved it       night view from balcony1  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>AaronPaul
<Content>the "Ohana" of the Waikiki Prince       view from the lani w/cell phone  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MrsWorldTraveler
<Content>A home away from home in Fabulous Waikiki! The Waikiki Prince is a great place to stay if you are looking for great value for the money. I learned about this hotel in the book 鈥淥ahu Revealed,鈥?which gave it a 鈥淪olid Gold Value鈥?rating. (It鈥檚 a great book by the way, you should pick one up before you arrive.) We originally chose this hotel because we were looking for somewhere cheap to stay that we could live on a budget for a couple of weeks. This is a great place to stay if you want the option of cooking to save some cash, or if you are going to be so busy you just come back and crash at night. Cooking can save you a fortune here, even if you just have microwave meals鈥?that鈥檚 what we lived on at the hotel. The front staff is friendly and helpful. If you are going to rent a car or if you are moving here and shipping your car, you will need to let them know when you book the room. Parking is very limited at the Waikiki Prince there are only about 5 spaces so DON鈥橳 overlook that detail. Also a note on renting cars here, get the smallest one you can fit your luggage and family in. Parking and roads can be VERY tight here.The rooms are clean and equipped with all the things you will need, mini fridge, microwave, stovetop, pots and dishes, tv, etc. They are very bright in the morning sun. We didn鈥檛 find this a problem due to the time zone difference, we woke up around 7am anyway. Besides you are not coming to Waikiki to sleep! It is amazingly close the beach鈥?1 block and about that takes 2 minutes to walk. There are tons of restaurants around, including a great little gelato place in Kings Village (a block up the street). They have internet access in the lobby, however we were able to use the Wi-Fi in our room since we were right over the office. So you might just get lucky. The maid comes through every few days, so if you don鈥檛 pick up after yourself it will get messy fast. There are coin operated machines downstairs so you can do laundry, and they are good machines鈥?they don鈥檛 shrink or ruin clothes.Basically if you want a great place to stay that is clean, safe, with nice people at the front and you want to save $$$, this is the place. If you want valet parking, in room breakfast, a pool, a golf course, a butler, a gym, and a spa 鈥? then look at the hotels that are six times more $$$ a night this isn鈥檛 the place for you.We chose this hotel for value because we were moving to Hawaii and needed a place to stay while we looked for an apartment, but I recommend it to everyone I know visiting Waikiki. We love this hotel and drop by to say Hi anytime we are in the neighborhood.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Yorweerd
<Content>everything I needed As per all of the other reviews you get what you pay for. ex. there is no pool here. But I ask, what does one need a pool for when Waikiki beach is a 3-minute walk away?! My room (the small double) had normal-sized washroom, microwave, fridge, and coffee pot. The sheets were obviously very clean and crisp. The hotel is not on a main street so it isn't really noisy BUT there are no actual windows, just the usual hawaiian slanted glass, so light and street noise does get into the room. But again, if one has been busy all day taking in the kajillion things to do in Honolulu you'll sleep just fine. I did not see any parking here either, but the bus system in Oahu is top-notch so a car isn't really needed. and no bugs!!Summary - if you are travelling on a budget but still expect a decent and clean room then I HIGHLY recommend this little hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>SarahAAA
<Content>Amazing       room 206  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>D8andS7
<Content>Good location but that is about it The hotel is in a good location for the price you pay. Close to beach and shops. But we found the room extremly noisy, you could hear everything(so many police sirens). At night the room was very light, the curtains were rubbish and it was like going to bed in the daylight. Earplugs and an eyemask is essential. We found the people on the front desk not particularly helpful, and were not particularly knowledgable on the area.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>dallastxcool1
<Content>Don't get riped off by paying $25 a night to park here, park next door for $10 This was a very clean, comfortable and safe place to stay. We upgraded (upon arrival) to the 34 floor with included cont. breakfast and snacks in the evening, which unlimited access to the executive lounge, which was not very executive just a room with computers, and a fax machine.. no frills but worth the upgrade. Don't get duped like we did the first night, if you are driving park your car next door at the Binyon and pay $10 a night instead of $25 that Hilton charges. It is a better deal if you stay for 7 days only $60 total!! Check this out when you first arrive especially if you are staying for a week. We really did not need a car for this trip all of the shopping, resturants, beach, activities etc. are within walking distance of this place and the weather was so nice during our stay we actually preferred walking. If you want to see the island, take tours, visit sites you will need your car however. Otherwise the hotel was great and the staff was awesome. Wish I was still there!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>katherinious
<Content>Perfect location, good little budget hotel We stayed here for 5 nights  loved the location, it's a couple of minutes walk to the beach  right in the thick of it as far as all of the shops  restaurants go.We went for a small double room which was small, but not cramped. There were a couple of things that weren't perfect, but as far as budget accommodation goes, you can't go wrong with this place.Strangely our room had a bit of a lack of curtains, one window had just a thin net curtain  the other window was made up of frosted, slatted plastic. The end result was that we couldn't make it that dark  woke up when the sun rose at 6am every morning. The air con unit was ridiculously noisy, to the point that you really couldn't have it on over night  there was quite a bit of noise coming from the street below. I'd definitely bring a sleeping mask  some ear plugs as these were my saviours!It's an old hotel  rightly knows that it's budget accommodation. Don't come with high expectations  you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>charlottegirl48
<Content>Great deal close to the beach If you are looking for a good deal and friendly, helpful staff, the Waikiki Prince is for you. If you are OK with budget hotels, this has everything you need and it really is a minute from the beach in the heart of Waikiki. It is clean and comfortable - I have no hesitations in recommending it.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ridgeman49
<Content>Great value Stayed 2 nights in March 2008. 2 Adults, 2 teenagers. Room was clean and beds were comfortable. Very close to Wakiki beach, and shopping. Parking is at a premium here. Had 2 nts. parking booked, but was asked to go to another hotel's parking garage the 2nt night. Not a big problem, but it was an inconvienience. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sammhy
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff, Great Price! Location was within walking distance of most of the venues in downtown Honolulu as well as 1 block from the beach. Room was comfortable and clean and came equipped with a small kitchenette. Staff was excellent! If there was a downside it would be that in the early morning street noise tends to be a bit loud.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>shasta
<Content>Great Place, Much Aloha We stayed for two weeks in January at this nice hotel. Room 403. The hotel is located on Prince Edward St. a quiet,(not much traffic) one way street about 45 seconds from the Dukes statue.Our room had two double beds, kitchenette, lanai, good sized bathroom(shower only). $95.00/night.One bed had a newer mattress than the other but both were comfortable.The entire staff including housekeeping were very accommodating and helped with our every request. Mozah, Ashley and Lincoln were very helpful and Mozah can book a Luau or other activity, just ask. On the day we left we had a late flight out (22:00hrs) and wanted to keep our room for the extra day - no problem. In fact Mozah called me at home in Utah, it took him several times before he got a hold of me, to let me know that they were only going to charge me 1/2 price for that last day. We visited on the phone for a while, I told him of the 36 of snow Id come home to so he said he would go surf one more wave for me. He is a very nice man and good at his job.Great customer service  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheCollies
<Content>Great value and location I stayed here with my husband and his parents for a week in the middle of Feb 2008. We had just finished travelling around the States for 6 weeks and were very pleased with what this hotel offered us. Yes it is basic but they are honest about this from the start and you can't expect much for the price you are paying, however it is in a great location, the staff are friendly and the room is clean. I would stay here again and would recommend it to anyone wanting honest accommodation in the middle of Waikiki for a fraction of the price.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>head2hawaii
<Content>Terrific Choice I am a budget minded traveler and the Waikiki Prince was a terrific choice. I had read many of the reviews and decided to stay at the Waikiki Prince because of the reviews, the price, and the location. I could not have been more pleased. The room was comfortable, the balcony and view were great, the employees were always helpful, and the hotel is close to all the Waikiki attractions including just a couple of blocks to the beach. I have already started thinking about my next Hawaii trip and that will include staying at the Waikiki Prince.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>patfromlogan
<Content>Nice and comfy. This IS a budget hotel, and a very nice clean one. The unit was small, but just fine and included a kitchenette that was well stocked. My bed was a serta pillow top and the moment I hit the sack I felt great. Quiet air con, though I only used it during the day once, as early Feb was pretty cool. No obnoxious fragranced smells (like the Sheraton on Kauai). No noises at night (and the hotel is in a rather quiet part of Waikiki) - and I left the windows open every night. There was one regular dump truck in the early morning, but nothing like the hordes of trucks on the mauka side of the Sheraton and Halekulani area. And no clubs emptying at 4:00AM like on Lewers or on Kuhio St. more to the west side.Friendly staff and all went well.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>GaryandCarol
<Content>Loved the Hotel/Location My wife  I had just returned from our 12th trip to Hawaii (my 15th). We have lost track of how many hotels on Oahu, Maui, Big Island  Kauai we've stayed at and there is no better all around hotel than the Waikiki Prince for the price, location  staff. This was the 2nd time we stayed there, 7 wks in Dec/06 to Feb/07 and 7 wks in Nov/07 to Jan/08. We are booked again for 8 wks in Nov/08 to Jan/09. Yes the Waikiki Prince hotel area can be noisy at times but the whole Waikiki area is noisy. The rooms are on the small side but so is the price. Mozah, Ashley  Lincoln could not be more helpful. Ashley save us $50.00 on a 1-day car rental with one phone call for us. We have stayed in 5 different rooms over our 14 wks there and none of them was a problem with bugs. We had bugs in more expensive hotels. We were on the 6th floor for the last 7 wks. We used the remote control for the air-conditioner so there was no need to stand on the bed. You can spend your money while you're asleep or while you're awake, if you want to spend it awake, stay at the Prince Hotel. If you're coming from Canada take a box of Prudy's chocolate for the staff. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SteveFromBoulder
<Content>Great value The Waikiki Prince has a very friendly and helpful staff, clean rooms, and is about 1 minute from the beach. It's nothing fancy, but if you're looking for a clean, comfortable place to sleep while you're in Waikiki, this is a great choice. Location is excellent.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LenLangevin
<Content>Exellent place, excellent location, excellent price! We went to Hawaii thinking we would only be in the hotel to sleep, so we didn't really care what kind of place we stayed in. We booked our rooms at Waikiki Prince because of the cheap rates, not really expecting much when we go there.Much to our surprise, our room was much more than we expected. We had a the large kitchen room and it was well-equipped, clean and very comfortable. Our balcony even had a view of Waikiki Beach.We highly recommend the Waikiki Prince to anyone who travels to Honolulu.The only negative - if you want to call it that - is the elevator on the six-story building only goes to the fifth floor. If you're on the top floor, you have to get out on 5 and walk up to the top floor. This would only be an issue with someone with mobility issues. It was not a problem for us. And after eating at one of the many excellent restaurants within a block of the hotel, we appreciated the bit of exercise getting back to our room.I know where I'll be staying on our next Honolulu trip!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ConnieAlaska
<Content>A great bargain: clean, close to the beach and helpful staff. I was worried that the low price meant low quality, but for $100 a night our room at the Waikiki Prince was clean, comfortably sized, a great location just blocks from the beach. The kitchenette was very handy.The staff was kind and helpful. This was a real bargain!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>angsa
<Content>Good price and location The appearance of the hotel is not great, but we got a very nice and good sized room. We knew we would not be inside our room much so it was not a problem. Just who would spend most of their stay in their rooms at Waikiki?The only problem was that we had quite a big of baggage and they put us on the sixth floor, while the lift only goes up to fifth! So if you have baggage, be sure to ask for a room NOT on the sixth floor.Location of the hotel is very good and almost everything is within walking distance. The staff are good and helpful. It was very quiet at night as well, we were never disturbed from our sleeps.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Gr8ful321
<Content>You Get What You Pay For My review is as detailed and forthright with regard to my observations beyond the exceedingly low cost of the room.My husband and I had a late arriving flight, and ended up at the Prince Waikiki Hotel at 12:40 a.m. There was a sign at the lobby that said to see the resident agent in Room #405. We went to Room #405 and found a second note taped to the door that said our room was ready, which was Room #501.Since we were coming in late and planning to stay at another hotel for five days, I chose the Waikiki Prince Hotel because it was rated so high on Trip Advisor and due to the price. At the time of this writing, the hotel was rated 14 out of 85. I was amazed at all of the positive comments on Trip Advisor saying how fabulous the hotel and management was, and I thought the price was too good to be true 鈥?I later was reminded that you get what you pay for.Room #501 is a 10 x 10 room (100 square feet) with a double bed, refrigerator, coffee maker, nightstand and lamp, small table with two chairs, wardrobe, and tall chest of drawers. I knew I was getting a small room when I made reservations, again with the thought that we were not staying there long. Since the room is small, the double bed is abutted against the corner. In order to turn on / off the air conditioner, one must stand on the bed. The bed mattress is of poor quality, one you would buy at a discount swap meet. The air conditioner is very loud when turned on. My husband had to stand on the bed to adjust the air conditioning. The d茅cor of the room is late 70s, early 80s, with popcorn ceiling, dated furniture and appliances, etc.I had to go to the bathroom upon entering the room. There was a large, fast roach (3 inches long) in the bathroom. I was not enthused. I later saw three large, black roach baits in the corner of the bedroom where I was supposed to sleep, and throughout the room, which did not help my enthusiasm (lack of). The bathroom itself is very small with a corner shower, small sink area with hair dryer and toilet. I noted that the toilet paper holder and light switch had not been wiped down for some time and needed to. This made me question the cleanliness of the room.Parking 鈥?We arrived very late and found that all five parking spots under the hotel were in use. There is a small alley next to the hotel, more like a driveway, and there were already two cars parked there, one blocking in the other. Since we had no directions for parking but yet were being billed $10, we parked in the driveway in front of the other two cars. At 4:30 in the morning, I checked to make sure our rental car was there and not towed. The hotel is on a one way street which does not allow parking. Unless hotel staff knows where you can park, it is not clearly obvious to someone new to the area to know where to park other than at the hotel.The room has a balcony with two chairs and a table, and there are slotted window blinds about 1.5 feet wide from floor to ceiling next to the door that tilt open and closed for air. A second set of larger, slotted glass window panes are located in the corner with the bed. Even though we were on the Fifth Floor, you can clearly hear motorists driving through, horns honking, the beep-beep sound of delivery trucks backing up to make deliveries for neighboring businesses, people yelling outside, etc. The hotel has a no noise policy after 10 p.m., and now I see why 鈥?you can clearly hear everything. Also, the curtains in the room are not light blocking curtains. If you are a person that needs to sleep with a dark room, you will not experience that here.I noted there were a variety of people walking down the street with backpacks at all hours of the day and night. I later realized that there is a hostel two doors down (in aqua colored building), and that is why people with backpacks are near the area. Also, there were men just hanging around a street corner at night looking intently at the cars drive by for no apparent reason (selling drugs?).The hotel has coin operated washers and dryers located in the back of the building on the ground floor. Laundry soap is available at the Front Desk for $1.00 as well as change.There is no Internet access in the room. For that matter, there isn鈥檛 a phone in the room, either. However, my laptop picked up a variety of wireless networks, one of which is Skywave. You can use Skywave allegedly for free but must sign up with a credit card. With regard to receiving incoming phone calls for guests, management will 鈥渂uzz鈥?your room through their electronic buzzer system. If you hear this signal, you are supposed to push a black button located on the wall in your room then go to the office for the message. If you ignore the buzz, a message will be taken for you. Collect calls can also be taken on a special guest line.Maid service is provided every fourth to fifth day for guests saying six days or more. Used towels can be exchanged for clean ones at the front desk during the office hours of 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. daily. Waste baskets should be emptied daily in the green container located in the parking lot behind the office. Extra trash bags are available at the front desk. I would not stay at this hotel for several days nor would I stay here again. I realize it is very inexpensive, but price is not the only factor in my vacation. For travelers who just want the cheapest place to stay that is 鈥渄ecent enough鈥?(similar to a Motel 6) and who don鈥檛 have a rental car wanting to be close to Waikiki, then this is the perfect place for you. For travelers who want amenities, quality, and comfort, you may wish to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	5	1	5	2	3	1	1	

<Author>KissMiss
<Content>Great value, friendly service we didn't have any accommodation booked and wandered around the streets of Waikiki when we came across this little gem of a hotel.the gentleman at the front desk was extremely helpful, absolutely nothing was too much trouble (not only were we 'walk ins' but my partner had to extend his stay on a daily basis as he fell very ill.)the room was basic yet sufficient, comfortable single beds, kitchenette, aircon and TV, clean. my only gripe was the non stop hum (imagine helicopter) from the aircon of the shop below.definitely will be staying there again, but in a larger room.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>secryt
<Content>Great budget hotel! My husband and I have stayed at this hotel two years in a row and so far, for a budget hotel, it's been the best. The staff is very nice, the booking was very easy and accommodating. The rooms are always clean and all rooms have a refrigerator, coffee maker, and microwave. All rooms have a lanai as well.There are no phones in the rooms, but we use our cell phone, so no problem for us and there is phone usage in the lobby.Maid service is only every couple of days, but you can drop off your dirty towels and get clean ones as you please.Other amenities are parking- 5 stalls at $10 a day with in and out privileges and a coin laundry in back of the parking lot.What is also nice about this hotel is that it's close to Waikiki beach and there are several ABC stores near by as well as a Food Pantry. It's also just a small walking distance to the International Market.My husband and I go to Oahu every year because his mom and family are living near by and so this hotel is perfect for us. If you aren't too fussy about luxury and you want to save money on your sleeping situation, this place is perfect.The only downside is that the elevator doesn't go up to the 6th floor which might be an issue for some people, and the curtains don't really filter out any light. We bought some of those cheap beach mats and hung them to block the light and that worked fine.We will be staying there again next year for sure.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travgran
<Content>a gem The Waikiki Prince is a gem. It is a short block from Waikiki Beach directly behind the giant, expensive Hyatt Regency Hotel. All the rooms have balconies with peek-a-boo views of the water - which half the Hyatt rooms do not!The property is an older 6 story building, but is kept in great condition and sparkling clean. The elevator goes to the fifth floor, if you have a 6th floor room, you have to go up one flight of stairs on foot.My room was advertised as a Very Small Room, it was small, with a queen size bed, but more than adequate for one person, even for two if you had only one small suitcase between you. The bathroom was, in comparison, quite spacious. There was a microwave and coffee maker in the room. Other, larger rooms have kitchenettes. I paid $61.54/night incl. tax, and enjoyed it enough to return for a second stay. Although housekeeping comes only every 4th day, fresh towels and beach towels are always available on demand at the front desk.There are a lot of cheap places to eat in the immediate area, and several mini marts if you want to get things to eat in your room. Robert's Shuttle leaves the airport every 20 minutes and will take you right to the hotel for $9. Another company, which you can book at the front desk, will pick you up for $8, but they come only once an hour.The young man at the front desk could not have been more helpful and accomodating. There are no phones in the room (there are TVs though) but you can use the phone at the front desk from 9am to 7pm.The only problem would by the street noise if you are a light sleeper. Although the side street is quiet, the noise from two major roads does filter through. The window are louvers, and so do not offer any sound insulation.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katiesdaisy
<Content>You will be suprised! I have to admit that I was worried about staying in a hotel so close to Waikiki beach for only $80.00 a night. Especially when consideringthat other hotels that are close by are charging upwards of $200.00 per night. The room and hotel was clean, everything we needed was provided and the staff was really friendly! My boyfriend and I are planning to return to Waikiki in June and we'll be booking the Waikiki Prince again!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FSUmac
<Content>Great for the price! Well priced budget hotel with an excellent location. I spent one night here and strolled around Waikiki before heading off to another island. The staff was friendly and the rooms were clean. Be sure to reserve parking ahead of time if needed.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Doug&Sharon
<Content>A good budget choice The Waikiki Prince is a good value budget hotel only two blocks from the beach. Our room was clean, it had a balcony and a kitchenette, tv and a/c. The shower was very good. The bed was small/double.Rooms are only serviced each 4 days but you can exchange towels daily and borrow beach towels and mats.Staff are very pleasant and helpful and our rate of $75 per night plus taxes was very good value. Buy your coffee and groceries from Food Pantry 4 blocks away. The Airport-Waikiki shuttle drops off at the hotel for $15 return trip.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotspot_7
<Content>excellent value i have 2 discerning teens who are now believers in the Waikiki prince. They went from skeptical because it dosn't have a pool, room service or fancy frills, to loving the hotel because its so close to the beach and the staff cares more about our concerns than their own. The hotel is well worth the stay and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>roadtestking
<Content>Great price and location cant be beat We came from Michigan; my wife and two teenage kids stayed here for 1 week during my brothers wedding. The rooms were basic, but all we needed were beds to sleep in, because most of our time was spent outside of the hotel. I paid $90/nt and we got a kitchenette in the room to cook some meals. The rooms were very clean, no noise problems, parking was $10/nt if you could get one. I found the best way to get from the airport to the hotel was by contacting a shuttle service (I used Ilima) who charges $9/person 1 way. They don't have to make as many stops as the Airport authorized shuttle. But I found out the taxi service is about the same price if you have 4 in your party. The location of this hotel is excellent one block directly across from the Duke statue. Be sure to haggle at the International market 2 blocks away. Catch the Bus on Kuhio also one block away. If you bring a laptop get free wifi by buying coffee at the coffee shop at the Food Pantry store on Kuhio. Excellent and cheap meals across the street at the Korean BBQ place at the Royal Grove Hotel. To rent a car go to the Hyatt next door. Hertz lets you drop off at the airport if you are leaving. If you have time I recommend getting out of Waikiki and going to the North Shore. It is more of the real Hawaii. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Great place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>aussiegirl77
<Content>Good hotel at a budget price We recently stayed for 2 nights at the Waikiki Prince. It is a small hotel only about 1 min easy stroll to Waikiki beach. The rooms are nothing flash - but they are clean (I didn't see any bugs etc as described in a previous review), the shower was excellent, they were fairly quiet and the beds were pretty good. As far as we were concerned this is all you need in a budget hotel!Check in was great - they let us into our room at 11am, and they also upgraded us from the 'small standard' to the 'standard' - which we thought was nice of them.For $80/ night in the middle of Waikiki I think you would be hard pressed to find something better for the price.If you do want to stay here though, I wasn't able to find any 'deals' over the net - had to contact the hotel directly.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BrisbaneSenrab
<Content>Aloha! Basic but GOOD Waikiki Prince is well priced for what you get. Very clean and located in a great place. Easy walk down onto Waikiki beach. Lift only goes to fifth floor. If you can't carry your luggage up to the top floor, ask to stay on the fifth or below. I'd stay again. We only slept in our room. Rest of the time was spent checking out the sights and sounds of Hawaii. Just catch the shuttle bus from the International Airport and buy a return ticket at the same time. Mahalo Waikiki Prince  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>salacker
<Content>Best price in town, friendly service I stayed here from a recommendation from a local there in Hawaii back in may of 2005. I loved the service there so much, that I went back to Hawaii 3 more times since and another trip coming up this September and stayed there! This place is perfect for singles, or couples or groups of young people. I say this cuz being a recent college grad, being on vacation and low on cash, this place is perfect, ESPECIALLY since you're in HAWAII - You're at the beach, bars, clubs, touring, hiking, doing things in HAWAII. Why get a place for an expensive price, when you're going to be out of your hotel most of the time? I had a great time spending my hard earned money on things I want to do in Hawaii, rather than spending it all on a hotel I'll hardly be in.Some of the rooms have stoves, refrigerators for the left overs, great size and lots of other young people in the other rooms to party with. I recommend this place to everyone who comes out to Oahu!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kscycler
<Content>Great Value!       Waikiki Prince  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happigirl67
<Content>Best Value in Waikiki       Waikiki Sunset  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>new_Jersey_3
<Content>Very Satisfied at the Waikiki Prince No issues whatsoever. Plain and simple studio apartment with a balcony. Room was clean. For the people that wrote in and said they saw bugs, maybe they should have read the instructions to throw the garbage out daily! We did not see a single bug. Mozah provided us with exactly what we needed like options on getting to the hotel with prices, late check in instructions, reasonably priced excursions. He was so helpful. Location was smack in the middle of action with nightly entertainment at the Hyatt on the next block, International Market within 10 minutes (like a flea market) and tons of other shopping, 10 minute walk to a large food market (we saved a ton of money on food), two tiny blocks from the beach. If you like a fancy place, definitely go someplace else. But if you are willing to do without the frills, stay at Waikiki Prince and pay a lot less.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maestro300
<Content>Great value and location!! I have no complaints at all! My wife and I stayed here because its easy walking distance to Waikiki beach and shopping. For anybody staying on a budget, this is the best place to be! The rooms, of course, are a bit outdated but the beds were comfortable! Great cable TV and the kitchenette was great! We didn't, however, use much of the kitchen. They did supply all the plates, silverware and other various kitchen utensils though!Others complain about the street noise, yeah it was bad some nights but any place in Waikiki will be like that. We ran the A/C at night (though you really didn't have to) but it helped with the noise considerably. Bathroom was clean, no bugs anywhere. Very limited parking but parking on the back side of the next block is only a min or two away. They had three washing machines but one was broken; made it difficult to find a time when nobody was using them. The dryers are nice industrial size and not expensive to run.All in all a great place to be!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>campchick
<Content>Very pleased My boyfriend and I went to Oahu on a budget and were so happy with our stay at the Prince. We stayed in room 605 which was a standard with kitchenette. It was also located off the street, so you don't get the noise of the cars. The room was spacious enough and had good closet space. You're just a short walk to the beach, and they have parking available (I think it was $10/night). The people who work here are very helpful and friendly. They also have laundry machines which come in handy when traveling. If you're on a budget and want to stay near the beach, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>urbanalbino
<Content>Great value! We actually enjoyed our stay at the Prince very well. Yes, it is old, but for the $55 that we paid for the night it was great, clean and in great condition. Our room was small, with a queen size bed, and private lanai (or balcony), and also had a stove, sink and small refrigerator. Each room, like almost building in Hawaii, has a wall unit air conditioner which kept our room very cool. Honolulu is a city that doesn't sleep, so wherever you stay, its going to be a little noisy. Which was fine by us because we enjoy the nightlife and watching the people walk by all night long. The beach is a mere 75 yards or so from the beach. From our lanai, you could see the beach a little bit. The girl in the front office was very friendly, and offered to watch our luggage for us while we walked around town and waited for our flight to the other island. The only letdown I would say is that the elevator only goes up to the 5th floor, and our room was on the 6th floor. You have to walk up a flight of steps - and with a bunch of luggage it was a little inconvenient, but not too horrible.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Bluemooncruiser
<Content>Amazing hospitality! The young man who greeted us, Mozah, was very professional even though we arrived late. My wife was on crutches ( sprained knee just hrs before the flight) and even though we were there only for one night before our cruise and were given a room more accommodating for no extra charge! Very clean suite and would not hesitate to book for an extended stay as the location was close to everything! Two thumbs up for affordable accommodations.R. Chamberlin  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mjgatto
<Content>Worst place I have stayed in years!!! I have to say, this was one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a hotel. I never want to go back to Honolulu because of my experience. I will lay down the facts, knowing that some of my business associates in other rooms did not have the same terrible experiences I did. Here are the chain of events from my stay:1. Night number one - I came back to the hotel around 9PM to find bugs flying around my room. The bathtub was there destination, so I assumed, because about 15 were flying around the drain. I killed all that I could but had an eerie feeling all night I was getting bit by bugs. A/C did not work, so I left the windows open. Not a big deal, except I could hear buses all night long stopping on the not so busy sidestreet. A very raucous room across the alley kept my attention as well. Slept about 2 hours. Did I mention no phone in the rooms? The lobby is only open 9-6 and if you have a problem at night you are basically screwed until 9 the next day?2. Night number two - Came back from work and asked the maintenance man what the bugs were in my room. He came and checked it out and said,  Dude, you got termites, man. I asked him if I could change rooms and he said he would check it out. He called on his phone downstairs, Hey man, room 301 has termites. I never saw him again. Buses, taxis, and bugs woke me up all night. Apartment across the alley had another party, I think. Maybe 3 hours sleep.3. Night number three - I am starting to get used to the bugs so they are not as big a deal. Buses and taxis are not bothering me so much because of the sleep deprivation going on in my head. I decide to watch a little TV before bed. 10PM, the power cut out in my room. Pitch black, no sounds except the buses and taxis. I call my associate and ask him about the lights. He is having no problems. Apartment across the alley has another party. I am starting to think something else is going on over there. I decide to just go to sleep. Maybe 3 hours of sleep. Did I mention they only clean the rooms every 4 days? My mildew smelling towel is something to look forward to for day 4.4. Night number four - I am tired of the bugs. I ask the clerk downstairs if I can change rooms. Clerk says,  You are paying for the standard room. Termites come with that room. You have to pay more to upgrade. I am pretty sure he is joking, but I still do not get a new room. That night the bugs are back in force. I have finally figured out the apartment across the alley is some form of prostitution. Boy am I slow. Maybe 2 hours sleep.5. Night number five - I finally am upgraded to a new room. At this point I can barely stand because of my closed down eyelids. My new room smells of vomit, but that is an improvement, so I am not saying anything. Buses, taxis, and the room across the alley with the ladies of the night are not keeping me up tonight. I get a good nights sleep. (4 hours tops).6. Night number six - I open the drawers in the dresser and notice sawdust. Termites in this room as well. I go on the balcony and watch the men parade in and out of the apartment across the street. I wake up all night feeling I am being bit.7. Finally the day we are leaving. Wait for the office to open until about 9:30. No one in site. We have to get to the airport, so we just leave. I am pretty sure my credit card was hit with more than it should have been, but what are you going to do if you don't have a bill?$10 a day parking kinda sucked as well.The location is nice, but that is about the only thing I enjoyed at the hotel. I would not recommend anyone staying here.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>1	4	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>bigditty
<Content>Brilliant Cheap alternative The Prince was a brilliant little find. Wanted a place smack bang in Waikiki without the price. We discovered it in The Rough Guide to Hawaii. Yes, the rooms are old, and the bathroom is small, but the place is clean, the beds comfortable. The kitchenette  small fridge are an absolute bonus!We stayed in the larger rooms with a double  twin. Great little balcony to sit out on. The rooms have AC, although you don't need it with the great sea breeze. We even managed to pickup a free wireless internet connection right from within our room!Basic, clean  would definitely stay there again. Very helpful staff as well.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>canuckkelly
<Content>great location i should start by saying i really liked this hotel. the location was great and the staff very friendly and helpful. however we did have a problem with many small bugs. and the bed was like a rock. also, someof the windows only had shutters on them, so the street noise was very loud, sometimes very early in the morning. it is for a budget-minded traveller, for sure.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>v1girl
<Content>REALLY? Ok, this place was cheap for Waikiki, but i can't believe the good reviews. It's a year later and I'm looking for hotels in Peru and I was curious about how this hotel did. Shocked that the reviews make this place sound so good. There were bugs. *Lots* of little ant-like insects crawling in and around cracks in the kitchenette area and the bathroom. Maybe they got rid of them?  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>123451234512345
<Content>Great bargain hotel, Kind service My husband and I stayed at Waikiki Prince Hotel for three days, following a wedding in Lanai and 5 days in Maui. We were looking for a cheap, decent place to stay in Waikiki, since we knew most of our time would be spent outside on the beach and streets and not in the hotel. At $55/night, we were pleased with the quality of room and service that we received.Upon check-in, Mozah, the hotel manager, expressed concern over the room size that we reserved and gave us a key to look at a larger room. However, we liked the location of the smaller room and turned down the upgrade. There were no problems during our stay. The room had all the basic things we needed: a bed, TV, shower, microwave, and TV. I don't understand why people would be complaining about Waikiki Prince. Let's not forget that you get what you pay for. If you're looking for Egyptian cotton sheets, feather pillows, and daily housekeeping, you need to check-in to the Hyatt or W. But you also shouldn't have to settle for a roach motel to get a bargain price. Waikiki Prince Hotel gives you an affordable rate with kind hospitality, plus the location is great.The staff was very accommodating, and I appreciate the care and attention that they showed us. The last time I was in Waikiki, I had to pay $10 to park my rental scooter overnight. We parked for free at Waikiki Prince. Check-out time was at 11 AM, but Mozah held onto our baggage in the back until our 7PM shuttle arrived. The hotel provided beach mats and towels, so we didn't have to bring sand into our room. Also, Mozah was well-informed about the shuttles and public buses. I only wished we had asked him in the earlier part of our trip about places to go and how to get there.Waikiki was just a pit-stop on our way back to LA from our beautiful wedding and honeymoon in Lanai and Maui. Thanks to Waikiki Prince, we were able to add Oahu to our Hawaii trip without breaking our bank.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>womquat
<Content>A Throwback in Time! Being lucky and catching a company trip to Hawaii, I decided to tack on a couple of extra days on my own. Not having the $$ to stay at the Hilton, I did some Internet searching before the trip. One of the best prices I could come up with was the Waikiki Prince. Now, being the pessimist that I am, I didn't have high hopes, but thankfully I was wrong. First off the service was top notch: Mozah kept in touch by e-mail constantly to let me know how the reservation was going - and was able to score me a parking place (there are only a few) at the last minute. (He was kind enough to contact the hotel across the street about overflow parking in case it was needed). I arrived VERY late on a Friday night after island hopping from the Big One. A note on the front door instructed me to my room, which was clean and ready to go. The throwback was that it was like being in a coldwater flat in Manhattan! I had the very last room all the way in the top corner of the 6th floor. Had to pull my luggage up from the 5th floor since the elevator stops there. A note on the table in the room let me know I was ready to go. The location of the hotel is right next to a hostel, and it was a bit noisy on this Friday night, which made me fell all the more like being in that coldwater flat (voices, truck noises, music)! There were slatted glass windows that seemed like something out of the 60's, and the lack of curtains had me a little perturbed, but a couple of well placed bath towels cured that. The A/C was a bit noisy too but I was so tired it didn't really matter. Since I was planning on being up and out by 6am the next morning, the size of the room really didn't matter either: clean, dry, and comfortable was all I needed and was what I got - and the price couldn't be beat! The fact that everything was handled so well made it all the more pleasing. So, if you need something inexpensive but not fancy, and want to take a step back in time, the Waikiki Prince is the place for you!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>shortstufff
<Content>We Loved Ittttt This place is brilliant. My friend and I spent 11 nights at the Waikiki Prince and found everyone of those nights pleasant. The staffwere absolutley wonderful and were very willing to help us, especially when we had some difficulties with the tours that we had booked. They also helped us find a very reliable travel agent through which we could book tours- he gave us the cheepest deals and greatest advice. The Waikiki Prince was very comfortable, for the kind of price that we would find ourselves paying for a small and simple room we had one double bed and two single beds to share between two of us, full kitchen, table and balcony. Needless to say my friend and i were very impressed as were the other Australian tourists we met to whom we boasted about our apartment while they complained about having to share a bed among three of them and paying $200-300 a night for a hotel 3 blocks from the beach. I would recommened a room with a kitchenette. If you're on a budget, as we were, you will save hundreds of dollars on food.The location! Absolutley brilliant. The reviews that the Waikiki prince is close to the beach are not exagerated. Especially convenient if we had forgotten something or felt hungry.My friend and I had no issues with noise at all and we were in a room facing the street.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>deanykins
<Content>Great place to stay My fifteen year old daughter and I stayed at the Prince for 3 nights in the middle of March. We were on the 6th floor. There is an elevator to the 5th floor and we had to walk one floor up which wasn't difficult even with our bags. I never used the elevator once as I am claustrophobic and I never found the stairs an ordeal. I was very impressed with the room. We had a single and double bed in there plus a table and kitchenette and a TV with cable which made my daughter very happy. From our balcony we could look out and see the beach which was very close. I was very impressed with how clean our room was. I did find the early morning outside noise a bit loud the first night but hardly noticed it on the other two nights. The staff are very friendly and helpful.I would happily recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a very central location at a very reasonable price in a very clean and comfortable room. One tip though, if you use the recommended airport shuttle service, allow yourself at least an hour to get to the airport as the bus makes many stops at other hotels along the way to pick up other passengers and make sure you have cash to pay the driver as he won't take credit cards as some of our fellow travellers found out. He also does not give any change!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>alexisbabe
<Content>great value Our friends visited 2 months ago and recommended this hotel, so we decided to give it a try. The hotel is right in the middle of Waikiki, very close to everything: beach, restaurants, bus lines. Parking is a little bit tight since they only have 6 stalls available, but the staff were helpful in getting us parking across the street at $12.00 (thank you Ashley!). The rooms are very basic, but clean and fairly comfortable. We reserved one with a kitchenette, so we were able to cook breakfast-lunch, and ate out at night. From a previous review we read it might get a bit noisy, but of the 6 nights we were there we only experienced it on our last night which happened to be a Saturday, on Pro bowl night. Bring your ear plugs just the same. Interesting thing that happened that night is watching a pair of cops escorting a couple out of the hotel, which may be related to the previous review. My husband doesn鈥檛 buy the 鈥榮moke-alarm going off-and now we鈥檙e being evicted by manager-and escorted by cops鈥?story鈥e鈥檚 an ex-cop. Otherwise, the staff was very helpful, friendly, and patient throughout, and for the price we were charged compared to the price other hotels were charging at the time, and value of what we paid for; I鈥檇 say I鈥檓 quite satisfied with our decision to stay here.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aussiechick06
<Content>Aloha still lives at the prince Beautiful hawaii- how can you not love it. And the prince is one block from waikiki beach. For $69 plus tax we had a kitchenette room. Ok its small with double bed, balcony and basic furnishing but how can you beat that price for the location. Next door is a hostel ( have stayed there) -do they relise the fab value next door ? thats how I discovered this place. Around the corner are people paying a fortune for this location... at the hyatt. So you will not beat the prince for a budget hotel in the BEST location. The staff were wonderful, welcoming, helpful and provided parking for us. They helped us checkin early after our lengthy flight from australia which we were grateful for, organised a shuttle for us and the hotel had a lift. We caught buses everywhere- pearl harbour for only $2 (1 hour) from up the street and hanauma Bay $2 (40min) When we hired a car management were very patient to give us directions around the island, parking squashy but no problems and you can hire from the hyatt around the corner. we will b back Thankyou!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nykkybaby
<Content>dont ever stay here Wow... what a horrible place. The hotel itself wasnt too bad... but heres the story. I booked this hotel about a month before our stay in Honolulu. It was the only night of an 8 day trip that we weren't camping, on the evening of the probowl. I asked in advance if there was parking available and was promised it would be in close proximity. Called on our way to the hotel just before we arrived and was assured...yep $10 right next door. We get to the hotel, and are booked on the 5th floor, which has no elevator up to it... no big deal. After 40 minutes of driving around looking for parking we finally get a spot... $30 later. Pop our frozen pizza in and sit down to relax... two minutes later the smoke alarm is going off. (frozen pizzas do not burn in two minutes)...So my fiance goes down to speak to the manager who had said earlier, any problems... just let me know. Tells him the smoke alarm is going off for no reason and the guys says... Thats ok, we'll just get you right on out of here. My fiance questions, what do you mean? Manager states, we have the right to refuse service to anyone, get your stuff and get out before I call the cops.. We told him, go ahead, call the cops, maybe they will be able to suggest a place to stay seeing as we booked this room two months ago, its probowl, and every hotel is booked. Needless to say, the cops were great... unfortunately we ended up having to camp again this night, but the cops told us we would be ok with out a permit. I have a feeling Mr. Hotel Manager wanted to sell our room to one of the other desperate hotel seekers for a much higher price...do not ever stay here....what a joke.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>klinker1
<Content>Great Location Great location, close to every thing. The beach is one block away.You can walk, trolley or bus to many site seeing places from this location.The hotel was very clean and tidy. The kitchen was furnished with utensils, etc. We did cook one meal a day, so we could afford one expensive meal out a day. I did miss daily housekeeping service, it is hard to go on vacation and make your bed. BUT with what we saved over Hyatt prices we were able to do many expensive activities.Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Will go back to this hotel again. Aloooha  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Benchnickel
<Content>Perfect for an active vacation! I travel often and refer to TripAdvisor on a regular basis for places to stay. The positive reviews on this hotel were right on. I traveled to Waikiki on a whim. Never had been to Hawaii, so I rolled out on a free ticket and was looking for an affordable hotel with a good location for a 4 day stay. I couldn't have asked for more than this place for the price! It was a block and a half away from the beach! The hotel was clean and despite its age, it was well-maintained. Had a balcony (could see the beach from it) and a kitchenette. The staff was terrific. They were very helpful and cheerful. The $10/day to park is nothing if you've ever tried to park a car in other cities like NYC and LA... If you're on a budget, or you just don't mind foregoing the finest toiletries and room service, this place rocks. Only downside I'd say is that I've been pampered with too many super-plush beds at Westins and Doubletrees and the Prince bed just wasn't up to that level.PS: This is my first review ever, if that tells you anything about how I feel about this place.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Da'Shark
<Content>Loved the Prince! My wife and I just left Waikiki Prince after staying there for 11 days over New Years.(Dec.30th-Jan.10th) It is a great little hotel, excellent location(I could see Waikiki beach from my balcony). Rooms are fine, beds were comfy, kitchenette was good to have also.For the price, you can't beat it, the Hyatt is the next block dowm, and I 'd rather stay at the Waikiki Prince. If your into being pampered...stay at the Hyatt, if not, stay at this little gem. you won't be dissappointed.Mozah is the man!! We got there late on the 30th, and he had everything prepared for us. He is a very cool young man, who we were extremely impressed with. Helped us out on anything we asked for. He has a very bright future ahead of him.So if you go, say Aloha to Mozah from us!Mark  LisaVictoria,BC.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>notmuchifnotDutch
<Content>Great place to stay. The location is excellent. Unlike some, I had no problems with noise whatsoever , The place is clean and safe. This is no four star hotel, but is a great value for the money. Adrian pater.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>bossarmani
<Content>excelent place my wife and i stayed from nov 28 to nov 30 2006,perfect location.Clean ,i give them a 10.Its basic but more than enough.I have pictures but just look at the one that the other travelers have posted, i have the same ones.Eric and joanna  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JohnnyBeeGood
<Content>Personal  My wife  I stayed at the Waikiki Prince for 8 days (Nov. 27/06 to Dec.5/06). What we enjoyed was the personal service they had for us and the tremendous help they were e.g. : where the buses ran, special deals (Circle Island Tour~HALF price!), special events, typical tourist questions that they never seemed to tire from, etc. etc..Our room was clean, and had a TV, air conditioning, a complete set of utensils/plates/bowls/glasses/pots, a comfy bed (we had 2 in our room, yours might different), a stove, a sink a fridge, the ability to open the windows in such a way that we had a cross breeze coming through. It wasn't huge but was certainly ample. We didn't hear anyone else (voices through the walls) and all this for a very reasonable price and 1 minute from a convenience store and 2 minutes from the beach.We didn't have a phone in our room, but we knew that going in. In fact, I appreciated being away from a phone for my holiday. If I did need a phone, one was made available to us (all hotel guests) for free! One more thing...my wife and I felt safe saying there. I encourage anyone who is looking to stay in Honolulu and would like to save some money to stay at the Waikiki Prince. Would we stay there again? You bet your beach towel we would!Aloha  Happy Holidays...John  Lona  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NoEasyTraveller
<Content>Great value in the heart of Waikiki The Waikiki Prince hotel is a nice basic hotel, efficiently run by a dedicated and friendly staff. It does not have a restaurant, but so what? You are surrounded by them. It does not have a swimming pool, but so what? The beach is five minutes away, and only if you walk reaaaaaaally slowly, otherwise less. It does not have a gift shop, but so what? You can find them every few steps.I just stayed two weeks there, while I was looking for an apartment to rent permanently, and I enjoyed the cleanliness of the room and the help from the staff. I read other reviews where people complain about street noise and what not, and I was not bothered by any.At half the price of any of the heavily promoted chain hotels, it is a very good deal if you care more about the room where you are staying than the stars of the resident chef and if you are not interested in feeling pampered only because you overpaid heavily.And it is centrally located in Waikiki, so you don't feel like you are out in the boonies. In a nutshell, worth staying there.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>flyfisher100
<Content>Waikiki Prince is a Gem Stayed at Waikiki Prince 11/8-11/12 2006. It was a great place for our stay in Waikiki. Good location and clean. Nothing fancy but great for budget minded travelers. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>pacifico
<Content>Great for a short stay As planned, we got to the Waikiki Prince close to midnight, and easily found the manager to let us into our room. It was spartan, but very clean, and the sparkling clean tiled bathroom provided plenty of hot water and places to dry swim suits and wet towels the next day. The window A/C was a little noisy, but one could opt to open the vented windows instead. The kitchenette provided a small refrigerator and a few appliances, but I鈥檇 find actual cooking there difficult without collecting a few more kitchen supplies. It鈥檚 fine for breakfast and snacks. Most impressive were the polite and helpful staff, and attention to cleanliness. I would stay here again for a couple of nights before flying to or from another island, or would recommend it for those on a budget who are not planning to vacation in their room. The excellent location close to the beach (just behind the Hyatt), bus stops, and shops make it a real find.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>koki2
<Content>Great value! After reading all the positive reviews from tripadvisor, my husband and I decided to book our room at this hotel. The manager, Mozah was very helpful and attentive. The room was exactly what we had expected. No frills but clean and functional. Sure, this hotel is not for travellers who are looking for luxury, but it is the best for budget minded travellers who are simply looking for a place to sleep. The location was central to everything. The only thing we would like to inform other travellers about is the noise level from the street. There is no acoustic system and we were surely glad to have our ear plugs with us! With the money we saved on accommodations, we were able to enjoy all the wonderful activities that are offered in Oahu. Thanks to Mozah for the fabulous hospitality!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ZooKeeny
<Content>Had to relocate We booked the Waikiki Prince after reading all the positive reviews, but ended up relocating after three noisy nights. The rooms were clean, but nothing fancy, which was okay. We sure missed not having a telephone in the room, and the kitchenette didn't have enough plates or cutlery or cooking utensils, so it wasn't used at all. All three nights we were there, we were awoken in the early hours (3-4am). We were hearing fights, arguments, horns honking, doors repeatedly slamming, etc. etc. Our room was one floor up from ground level, and facing Ulhuniu Ave. I would suggest getting a room on the top floor, as far away from the road as possible, although this would mean a less than desirable view of the neighbouring apartments, and it wouldn't guarantee a quiet night's sleep. We moved acroos the road to the Aqua Kuhio Village ($69/night), and had a great stay for the remainder of the trip (see review).  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>rubymitch
<Content>It was a great find The hotel gave the best service we have ever encountered; we just got off a cruise ship for 11 days and had been treated like royalty on the trip. However, none of it compared to the friendly and knowledgeable service at the hotel. It is not the newest or fanciest hotel in Waikki but it is probably the best value if you want to enjoy all the island of Ohau can offer. Thanks for the great time. Past injury  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gralaw3
<Content>Awesome! We stayed with Mozah and the crew at Waikiki Prince from October 6-12 and had an unbelieveable experience. They could not have been more helpful in assisting us to plan our time wisely and most of all cost efficiently!!!!! Our room was very comfortable with our own lanai, a double and single bed and kitchenette. Although we didn't use the full kitchen, the fridge and microwave came in handy! The room was certainly worth the $70.00 per night and really helped our budget! We were only a half block walk to Waikiki Beach and half block to the bus stops. We highly recommend using the Bus during your visit if you don't want to rent a car. You can go anywhere thus saving yourself from the high priced tours. We only booked two tours while visiting Oahu, the Wild Dolphin Excursion (which was WONDERFUL!) and the Paradise Cove Luau (which was wonderful for children and we enjoyed it too!) The rest...snorkeling at Hanauma Bay, Pearl Harbor, the North Shore Sunset Beach, and waterfall hike we did on our own by utilizing the Bus system The drivers are great and very helpful.Again if you are looking for a modest hotel with a great staff and super location the Waikiki Prince is perfect! We will see them again one day! Hang Loose Mozah!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kamika1964
<Content>Genuine surprise in Waikiki I just got back from Hawaii yesterday and felt compelled to write this review. This was not my first trip to Hawaii or Honolulu, but it was my first stay at the Waikiki Prince Hotel. I spent a month on the Big Island and this hotel was recommended to me by another traveler I met there who had had a bad experience at another hotel up the street. My flight back to the mainland left from Honolulu so I needed somewhere to stay for 3 nights, which was clean and safe and near to the Beach. The Waikiki Prince met all those criterias, except for one small thing. I am not an early riser and because the rooms face the East, that rising sun worked better than any alarm clock could ever possibly function...lol. I suggested to management that the drapes ought to have black-out lining. That was the only thing that personally bothered me, otherwise everything else was really super. Thanks Mozah.......see you again... very soon.Alvin  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SFBACCA
<Content>Good Value, great Location       View from our room, straight.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>redwing7
<Content>Great Little Place, Great People I booked this hotel after reading mostly positive comments on this website. The accomodations are basic, but very clean and comfortable. This is not the Hilton! but your not paying $300+ a night either. The property is conviently located one block from Waikiki beach behind the Hyatt and an ABC store and worked well for my family. Michelle and Mozah are incredibly helpful and accomodating in every sense-Thanks!One tip-If your going to grocery shop, go to the Ala Moana (sp?) Mall and shop at the Foodland-it has much better prices than the Food Pantry, although the Food Pantry is closer to hotel row.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smch916
<Content>Awsome location! There are several hotels in the Waikiki area with Prince in the name so be sure when you're booking it is the WAIKIKI PRINCE because this place rocks!You are so close to the ocean-it is literally only 1 minute to walk there! There are plenty of ABC stores and yummy places to eat nearby. It's just a short walk over to the International Market Place. We ate at Cheeseburger in Paradise...two or three blocks away, and at a Restaurant, Oceanarium which is about the same distance. Oceanarium had a great seafood/prime rib buffet with all you can eat KING Crab for $33...it was a great recommendation.The staff are so helpful and friendly. One night our taxi didn't come on time and we were whisked away by (Odie's?) Minivan to our destination so we wouldn't miss our excursion.The place itself shows it's age, but you definitely get a clean room and a balcony. Each room has a fridge too. The swamp cooler or window air conditioning kept us plenty cool.If you can't walk up stairs, do not get a room on the 6th floor. The elevator only goes to the 5th. Bring your earplugs, it can be a bit noisy with the window cooler going. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Bang for our Buck! We chose to stay at the Waikiki Prince based on all the reviews on this site, the price, and the location. We were NOT disappointed! The walk to the beach took three minutes, if you walked slowly. There's an ABC store on the same block. The rooms were super clean. My husband loved the remote control for the a/c. :) The staff is so friendly and helpful. I locked my keys in my rental car, and they bent over backwards to help us make the calls we needed to. One member of the staff offered to use his free locksmith service ( I think it was through a company similar to AAA.) One thing that bothered me was the curtains were a light color, allowing the sun to come in pretty early...but since we planned on getting up early anyway, I considered it an alarm clock. Parking was tight, but we never damaged our car getting in or out. Overall, we were very pleased and would for sure stay here again! If you are going to be out and about all day exploring and playing and are just looking for a place to sleep and shower, then this is the place for you!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Spirit of Aloha resides at the Waikiki Prince!       Feelin It!  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paristoujours
<Content>Wonderful stay! We are, regulars ,at the Waikiki Prince but have never submitted a review of this fantastic little hotel so we felt it time as we had read a few reviews not giving full credit to its' location, value, and service.First, the location!! WOW it's incredible to be so close to the beach, PLUS to have one's own balcony AND a view of the ocean...all these factors ALONE should make the visitor happy!We both have travelled all over the world and let me tell you, this hotel in the a one star ranking is exceptional.The price is modest, and we hope that it will remain the same (as far as possible!) The SERVICE..ahh, now that IS the best; our room gets cleaned and the bed changed every four days(more than I would do at home...lol), the rooms are freshly painted practically every year , and new carpets and curtains have obviously just been installed.Odie , as Manager, is the best. He is very friendly and obviously enjoys helping his guests and he has lots of good information and advise for activities during your stay; nothing is too much trouble or so it seems!It's like visiting with friends during ones' stay here, which is why we will continue to go back as often as possible!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>delo
<Content>Great location! My husband and I, our two daughters (19 and 14)and son (14) stayed at the Waikiki Prince for 1 week in March 2006. You couldn't ask for a better location (less than a 2 minute walk to the beach)! The hotel IS old and not stylish, but it was very clean and comfortable; plus Odie and his staff were all extremely helpful. Odie went out of his way coming in late to help out our 19 year old daughter to get her shuttle to the airport after the rest of the family went onto Maui; Thanks Odie !!!! We would definitely recommend the Waikiki Prince Hotel to anyone who wants to enjoy all that Honolulu can offer, and save money in the process by not pay huge costs for lodgings.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabry_ll
<Content>great location, great price great place for the price, good location, obie was very helpful. there is free wireless, but it had patchy access. room was clean and comfortable. if i was inclined to stay in waikiki again, i would definitely stay here!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TiffanyOH
<Content>Great Experience!       Waikiki  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real bargain with friendly staff Just spent one week at the Waikiki Prince and found it great value for the money. Clean room, nice small balcony, kitchenette, excellent location close to the beach, and very friendly helpful staff - and all for $65 a night. I also stayed one night at the Sheraton Princess which cost $165 and provided far less value.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please don't stay here...gross... People who give this hotel 4 or 5 stars must be under the influence of something. Hotel is dirty, rooms are small, even though it's not in a major thoroughfare, the noise at night is intolerable. I didn't sleep at all because of the noise outside. By the way, there are no phones in the room either and I paid $100 for this crap. People who rate this hotel as terrific must be the ones who are used to staying at no stars hotel (non-rated). Motel 6 is better than this hotel. If you are really strapped for cash, this is the place but if you want to flash your $100 down the drain, go for a better hotel. Oh, the surrounding area is like living in the projects. Gross!!!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChrisDaberer
<Content>Waikiki's Best-Kept Budget Hotel Secret! My mother and I stayed a week at the Waikiki Prince Hotel in May of 2005. It was everything that we wished for in a budget accommodation and enhanced our stay in bustling Waikiki. Below are our thoughts:WHAT WE LOVED ABOUT OUR STAY:1) We felt like we got a lot of value out of the price we paid. We had a clean room with private bath, 2 beds, kitchenette, and a balcony. Although the decor wasn't going to be winning any design competitions in the near future, we were happy with it and used our room as an excellent base for our activities. Our balcony was also a fun place to hang out!2) The proximity to the beach is amazing. It's off the main drags, so it was (relatively) quieter, but we never felt too far away from the action at all. In my opinion, this part of Waiki (eastern) is the place to be!3) The service from the chek-in staff was amazing! The guy (I'm sorry I can't remember your name) was very helpful, and seemed genuinely concerned that we have a good stay. He told us that we could knock on his door after hours if we needed anything and we could borrow beach mats etc. for free. Initially, we were concerned that there would not be 24-hour front desk service, but the hotel was quiet and this never became a problem for us. Soem advice though, if you're going to be arriving later in the afternoon, please advise the hotel of this so that they can make sure to be there when you arrive. We arrived later then we had expected to but, because I called ahead, all was cool!4) We always felt safe and secure.In conclusion, if I ever find myself back in Waikiki, I will be sure to stay at the Waikiki Prince Hotel. It was awesome!Whatever you decide, I hope that you have an awesome time in Waikiki! This was -- in my opinion -- a way better value and far more peaceful that staying at a hostel with comparable facilities (i.e. Hokondo, HI-Waikiki)  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vairbabes
<Content>Everything you need for much less $ We stayed in the Waikiki Prince for 12 days in December. We had a standard room with a kitchenette, with a double and a single bed, private lanai, and brand new air conditioner. Three of us shared the room, making it an even better bargain (about $260-270 CDN/person). The rooms are small, and with one traveller returning from a year trip to Australia, the luggage between the three of us took up a lot of room. Odie and his staff are very helpful. Be sure to ask him about most of your planned activities, because he had a lot of very good input for us. The office is only open 9am-6pm, which was a bit inconvenient considering the only phone in the building is in that very office (no phones in the rooms).All amenities are very close by, like the Zoo, the International Marketplace, many restaurants, and of course the beach is about a minute away.If you're looking for a clean, simple place to stay with friendly, helpful staff, at one of the lowest prices you'll find in Waikiki, this is for you.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jbarm
<Content>Waikiki Prince a great place for one night I generally agree with other reviewers as follows:1. The hotel is a clean place to crash in the center of Waikiki.2. Odie is helpful.3. The price/value relationship is very good.4. Unlike other cheap places I've stayed in Oahu, this is not a scary, icky place to stay.Caveats:1. You have to realize that the Waikiki Prince is very basic. Basic bed, small room, old furnishings.2. We were on the top floor and even late at night it was fairly noisy.3. The bathroom was clean, but small and the shower head height was about 5'5 height, with the ceiling in the shower not much higher.4. Parking was $10/night, but quite tight, so don't get a full sized car if you want to park there.5. The window mounted air conditioner was very noisy.I would not recommend the Waikiki Prince for a long stay because of the above issues. That being said, if you are just looking for a place to crash one night before going somewhere else it is perfect.jb  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ExploringTravel
<Content>Wonderful Budget Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed in an economy with kitchenette room. The room was very clean and only a minute walk to Waikiki Beach. Odie is super helpful and answered all our questions. I would definitely stay here again since the room was clean (most important) and is in a great location. It's a wonderful budget hotel. We paid approx. $ 65.00/night. I hope their rates will always stay the same!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome little 'hole in the wall' hotel My girlfriend and I stayed there for the whole week we were in Oahu. We loved it. It was conveniently located near everything! Keep in mind this isn't a world famous hotel like the Hilton...but for $55 a night, you can't go wrong. Rooms are serviced only once a week...but then again...how often do you clean your OWN room anyway? Our room was towards the front of the building which was slightly noisy at times. The staff was very friendly without the I'm nice because you're a customer. Rooms were clean and only a minute away from Waikiki beach...not to mention surrounded by dozens of ABC stores. We would definitely stay there again when we visit. We would recommend it to anyone who wants a nice place to stay for a great price.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The secret is out. Clean, safe, great location for littlle money. If you are looking for a clean, inexpensive, safe hotel right next to the big expensive places, this is the one for you. The staff are genuinely nice poeple who want your stay to be pleasant, and you can't beat the location, even if you spend nearly 10 times as much next door. Sure, you change your own towels, and there's no fountain lobby, but who comes to Hawaii to stay in the hotel? A little old fashioned, but VERY clean and handy. Save your money for the sights you came to see. We are so glad we found this secret hotel. You will be, too.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superduper I have stayed at this Waikiki surprise three times in the last three years, and it is the perfect place for the relaxed, yet active traveler. It is close to the beach, close to all bus lines, accesses easy shoping, topped off by a very friendly and helpful staff. A true refuge from larger and impersonal hotels.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dougsup
<Content>An Oasis In Paradise Greetings,Douglas here, coincidentally also out of Dubai, and also coincidentally booked into and stayed one night in the hostel next door. (The hostel was one of the worst places I have ever stayed, with unquestionably one the rudest people I have ever met working there.)The Waikiki Prince was unimaginably better. An extremely comfortable, clean, cheap room with everything I required in it, TV, fridge, AC etc. And a short, pleasant walk to the famous Waikiki Beach. The gentlemen running the place, Odie, was extremely helpful and friendly, as was his Vietnamese sidekick.This property in particular, and Honolulu in general, were highlights for me on this recent trip, which took me right around the world.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SUPER! This is a great little hotel in a great location. Our room was clean, the bed was great and the shower was very good. Odie gave us great advice and made us feel welcome. SUPER! May 2005.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Budget Hotel My wife and I spent several days at this hotel last month. You can't beat the price of the Waikiki Prince. We paid about $75 plus tax per night for a room with a kitchenette. The hotel is in a fantastic location (a 2 minute walk to the beach). Odie at the front desk was very helpful and friendly. He even arranged a car rental for us. Yes, the room was small, but it was very clean and we weren't planning on spending much time in the room anyway. So much to see and do. Shopping and restaurants all around and the hotel is very close to several bus stops. We would definitely stay here again the next time we are in Waikiki and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a clean, affordable hotel.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>banzha2002
<Content>Great deal with low budget! I was in Honolulu a few weeks ago. I truly enjoyed my stay at the Waikiki Prince Hotel. The room was nothing fancy; however, it was clean and affordable, plus it had EVERYTHING I needed, including A/C, hot shower, cable TV, and a nice kitchenette. It literally takes just a minute to walk from the room to the Waikiki beach. Odie and staff were super friendly and helpful. I'd definitely stay there for my future vocations. I'd highly recommend it to those who have a low budget on lodging.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good service from friendly people....... Hi my name's Conrad, working in Dubai. I actually was booked in for the Hostel next to Waikiki Prince, but since it was not what I had expected, I decided to check in a Hotel. All hotels nearby were either sold out or the price was too much for me (even Waikiki Prince had no vacancies for a couple of days). But ODIE being a very nice gentleman, went out of his way to get me a room. His hotel is not very expensive and it is neat and cosy. You will never get a room close to the beach for this price. If I should ever go back to Hawaii, I will stay at the Waikiki Prince Hotel. If you are looking for a clean, well-within-your-budget hotel; then this is the hotel for you. THANKS A MILLION ODIE FOR ALL THE HELP RENDERED.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel I chose this hotel because it iwas cheap and not so bad reviews on this site.This is an unsafe, dirty(a lot of roaches and smell!!) and noisey hotel.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CDGYYZ
<Content>Good value for money We were five family members travelling together ranging in age from 34-79... Not easy to find affordable rooms in Waikiki, given we needed 3 rooms (and let's face it, how much time do we really spend in the room anyway?).The Waikiki Prince seemed like a good deal - excellent location (2 blocks from beach) though could be noisy at night - we were there at New Year's. That said, at some point in time, all of us spent time resting in the rooms and during the day noise was not really an issue. Airconditioning was much appreciated! Rooms were clean and fairly spacious - even the cheaper room we took for the person travelling alone. Management was pleasant. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Canadians Love to Save Money!   showReview(3015409, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's worth to stay @ Waikiki Prince Hotel!!   showReview(2971817, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Value, Value   showReview(2815551, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for the dollar   showReview(2807326, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missinghawaii
<Content>Spend the extra money and find something better   showReview(2780688, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iam_learner
<Content>What a great bargain   showReview(2206136, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1850386, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal in Waikiki!!   showReview(1548779, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Deal in Waikiki!   showReview(393350, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>銉椼儶銉炽偣銇伄銇ч枔閬曘亪銈嬫柟銈傘亜銈嬨倛銇嗐仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(22292619, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>銈儛銇°們銈?> 銈儛銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜哄悜銇?#x201d;   showReview(21027172, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>laroal
<Content>Super Lage, super Hotel   showReview(18210178, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MelnJay
<Content>Abordable, emplacement de choix, service exceptionnel   showReview(8254409, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

