<Author>TripFanIreland
<Content>Recommend this hotel We stayed for 3 nights at beginning of December. Travelled from the airport by metro, change trains x 2, v. easy, and there are 2 stops just 100 metres from the hotel. It is situated right in the centre of Madrid, but on a quieter street, with plenty of restaurants. We booked a superior room, which was small, but had everything you would need, including a jacuzzi bath. No problem with noise - slept like a baby !.Across the road, you will find De Marios restaurant, which I would recommend. Excellent Argentinian style menu - great atmosphere, even for a drink, and advise booking on Saturdays .DId'nt have the breakfast in the hotel, not included, but coffee shops in same street, with coffe, fresh juice and croissant for 鈧?.or 鈧? for coffee/croissant. (hard to beat).Loved Madrid. V. easy to eat Tapas in the many bars, and the Hotel staff will point you in the right direction.The art is out of this world - give yourself plenty of time in the galleries. They are mind-blowing.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ArtandWine
<Content>Thanksgiving Holiday in Madrid My wife and I just spent four fabulous nights at the Hotel Preciados! We booked a Junior Suite through the hotel website and we were delighted with our selection. The room was modern, clean, sound proofed and great for a multi-night stay in Madrid. This is a hotel that certainly makes travel a pleasure.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carolinecalifornia
<Content>go to Madrid and stay here Excellent hotel, very clean, modern rooms, excellent helpful staff, fantastic, if expensive breakfast, and superb location. Cannot beat the location. We could walk everywhere, Prado, Royal Palace, Plaza del Sol, Plaza Mayor. Excellent access to metro. Had a very good dinner there and also ate 3 wonderful meals at the restaurant across the street called De Maria.Excellent value. Would be noisy at night if you kept your windows open as it is in the center of a very vibrant night restaurant, bar area.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>psychtobe
<Content>Loved it - perfect This was an outstanding hotel, good value for the money, great location, and very very very quiet rooms (see below). Everything we could have asked for.The hotel is 5 minutes from Puerta del Sol but not on a major street like Gran Via, so it is reasonably quiet. Very safe area. You are within 1 minute of 2 different metro stops.The hotel is a business class hotel, with extremely sleek interior and professional staff. The staff was very helpful - fair English, very willing to help make reservations, call taxis, etc. Made good suggestions for restaurants, shopping, etc., and provided a useful map, too.There are 2 computers with so-so internet access in the basement.The room is small to average for Europe, small by US standards, but is extremely sleek and with a lot of features that were unexpected. For example, there are electrically-controlled window shutters; a flat-screen TV with about 40 stations; tons of lighting including 2 different individually-controlled reading lamps for each bedside; a small refrigerator; safe and hair-dryer. The bathroom is very good size, with lots of space for toiletries. The shower is a full bath-shower combo. Nice soft towels. The bed is a little soft but perfectly acceptable, with lots of pillows.We had asked for a crib in the room, which was already in the room when we arrived. The room was ready at 10 in the morning, which was very nice.I want to commend in particular the housecleaning services of the room. The room was always cleaned on time, and at a very high level. As an example, every morning they refolded the sheets and blankets of our baby's crib; folded up the blanket that we used to cover the crib (to keep it dark while we watched TV) and placed it neatly in the crib; folded up her pajamas and sleep sack; and straightened the crib out in the corner of the room. I was very impressed by the housecleaning staff. The only drawback is the strong smell of vinegar in the towels, but that wasn't a big deal.The room was very very quiet and dark. The room has 2 large windows, each having TWO sets of double-paned windows with a mechanized rolling shutter between them. When you bring the shutters down, and close the drapes, you are talking about 4 panes of glass, drapes, curtains, and the metal shutter separating you from the street. Believe me, it was dark and quiet. We often slept til 10 am without stirring, even our infant daughter who is a bit of a light sleeper. This was a great night's sleep!We would stay here again in a heartbeat - simply couldn't have asked for more. Exceeded all expectations.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MMH
<Content>Perfert and Excellent! This wonderfully updated boutique hotel is in an ideal location. It is tucked between the Puerta del Sol and Grand Via and walking distance to the museum distric and the Royal Palace. It's location gives you easy access to all important Madrid sights without having to deal with the unbearable noise and congestion of the Grand Via and Puerta del Sol.The hotel itself is extremely clean and updated with great room amenities. We had a Junior Suite which gave us plenty of room for four and a good view onto a Plaza. The service was impeccable. We are well traveled and recognize the difference between good and excellent service. Any and all requests were immediately responded to. Extra pillows arrived within five minutes, a request for cups and saucers in our room was met without hesitation, a call was made to our room the night before check out to ask if we needed a taxi for transport to the airport, and on and on. We had the hotel breakfast each morning and it was worth the cost and kept us going for the hours before a late lunch. It is more like a brunch than a breakfast. Fresh baked goods, fresh fruit, ham, salmon, ham and salmon mini sandwhiches with fresh baguetts, scrambled eggs, bacon, eggs sunnyside up, yogurt, cereal, and granola. I am sure that I am missing some of the items but it was great. Once again, the service at brunch was impeccable. The reception staff can appear to be stoic but they are extremely helpfull. They made dinner reservationss and printed out Renfe time tables and weather forecasts when requested, and again, within minutes. I saw an earlier post regarding the sleepness nights from bottles being unloaded outside their window. We heard a little of this from our second floor room but were able to muffle it by closing the double windows. However, I could imagine it being a problem if your room was in close proximity to this noise. We did conclude after our trip that our perception of a hotel was influenced by our rooms as well as the over all quality. We were in a fabulous hotel in Granada but the room was less than desirable. We were in a good hotel in Seville but it was made better by having the best room in the hotel. So, be certain to discuss room location and view when booking anywhere.The Preciados was perfect for our family of four which included two adult children. We all had a great experience at this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ronaldjp
<Content>A Quite Oridinary Hotel A forgettable albeit quite decent hotel. Nothing in particular would make us remember this hotel with any fondness or disdain. Mostly sullen staff (except Anna the receptionist who was excellent) and a ground floor room which certainly was acceptable with the mod cons and free wi-fi, but with windows which were opaque so you couldn鈥檛 see out and which gave onto an exceptionally noisy street at night and a less than queen size bed which was just too small. Location excellent however and was the unique selling point as was its restaurant which was very good but there were many notable restaurants nearby.I would recommend for location and providing you took rooms which were on upper floors but other than that give this one a miss鈥here are so many better and maybe even cheaper hotels in Madrid in the same category..  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>ikaros58
<Content>Loved the place! Stayed 4 days end of October with my wife. Excellent hotel, in a fantastic location in the center. Spacious room 4th floor with all necessary things brand new and well operating. Cleanliness all over the space same for the room items, although centrally located amazingly quiet and above all polite staff ready to help and advise accurately and on time.Maybe the best value hotel I have ever stayed.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>abubnic
<Content>Fabulous ending to our 5-week trip to Europe!       Bedroom Area, Room 407  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steve_DC
<Content>A fine hotel This is a very fine, slightly expensive hotel tucked away about one block off the main commercial street in Madrid, Gran Via. Staff was excellent, rooms immaculate and very well appointed. Big bathroom with modern fixtures, hotel safe, and a small balcony to boot. This is not a bargain hotel, two nights, with one breakfast, was about $500 for a small room. Their breakfast is first rate, but be prepared to pay Waldorf prices: About $40 for two people, but the food was of very high quality.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bigbang13
<Content>Good hotel Rooms clean, nice and kind staff, breakfast over the top.Will be back soon.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>BarryBenajarafe
<Content>Service great street noise unbearable Just had two sleepless nights at Hotel Preciados, Madrid. Paid 鈧?28 per night for a rear facing room, reasonably quiet during the daylight hours, but after midnight my room number109, which was 1st.Floor, was directly above the bottle bank ,paper for recycling and other rubbish collection boxes. Around midnight the bottles from the day's sales were thrown into the collection point. Around 1.a.m.they were collected by a team of noisy workers who made even more noise than when the bottles were deposited. At two a.m. another lorry turned up, turned the waste paper bin upside down and crashed everything into the lorry. By this time I had become so annoyed and wide awake that it was after 4 a.m. before I went to sleep, to be woken again at 9 a.m by a lorry dragging a very large skip container along the street immediately below my window. where it was left to be used by workers in the building opposite, who filled it with mountains of rubbish by 11 a.m, making more noise than ever. This was my worst ever experience of hotels in fifty five years of travel throughout the world. I would not stay at Hotel Preciados ever again if I was offered a free week as compensation in response to my written complaint to the hotel made as I left this morning.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>emmandjay
<Content>Great value hotel in a central location We booked this hotel after reading other TA reports and we were not disappointed. The rooms are modern and very clean and we found the staff very helpful and friendly. Although it was very warm outside, the air con was efficient and we were able to keep the windows closed to eliminate any street noise. Its location enables you to walk to all the major sights and there are plenty of nearby cafes for a reasonably priced breakfast.On the downside, there was some building work going on in the reception area and this didn't give a very good first impression on arrival. Once this is completed this area should be very nice.If your budget can run to it, I recommend an evening meal at the Cafe Oriente, facing the Royal Palace.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>AlisonBCalgary
<Content>great hotel; exceeded expectations! Some of the things I loved about this hotel: 1) Fantastic location: It is at Callao, a couple of minutes walk from Puerta del Sol and the Gran Via, steps away from many stores (Corte Ingles, FNAC, Casa del Libro, Mango, Zara, etc etc...), restaurants, a Starbucks (for those who can't go without!), metro, bus;2) Lovely hotel with very nice rooms: hardwood floor, good soundproofing, minimalist chic, rooms were a good size;3) Clean;4) Very helpful and friendly staff;5) Good price: we feel the hotel was great value.I had read that this was a child-friendly hotel in a great location, and I wasn't disappointed. On the minus side: the buffet breakfast was average but expensive. Also of note: I was told that the stores such as Corte Ingles in the Puerta del Sol area are the only ones in the city open on Sunday. We found that very handy for buying baby supplies that we needed that day.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Julie071
<Content>Great location to see Madrid We chose this hotel through other reviews here on Trip Advisor and weren't disappointed. Although the reception area is quite small the staff and standard of accomodation were good. Breakfast was excellent - fruits, cereals, cakes, breads, all the coffee you could drink as well as the usual eggs and bacon - but was16euro each. There are numerous bars and cafes nearby who serve the more typical fare of chocolate or coffee and donuts. Their restaurant had a varied menu also but we preferred to try the tapas bars and cafes in the surrounding streets.Our room was clean, comfortable with modern furniture and serviced daily - all you should expect from a 4 star hotel. The Preciados Hotel's main benefits are its proximity to the Big sights such as Royal Palace, Plaza Mayor and the Cathederal which can all be reached easily on foot. The reception staff gave us a map to help find our bearings.A word of warning - watch out for Chinese women who hang around the gardens in front of the Palace and try to grab you to give you a massage or what looked like accupressure. They are very forceful and I found one a little threatening when I said no .Over all, we had a wonderful few days in Madrid, the hotel was very comfortable and the staff helpful and polite to English tourists who spoke very little Spanish.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>louisvilletravel
<Content>Great hotel - even better Location!       Hotel Room  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mr_magoo_8
<Content>Good clean Hotel A 3 night stay at this hotel was an enjoyable experience.The room was nicely furnished and clean, yet smaller than some hotels we have stayed out. The bathroom is great.There is a Juliet balcony, but not too much of a view.The hotel itself looks great from the outside, but less grand inside, but again clean.The staff are friendly and helpful.The location is in a good position, one block from the busy Gran via and short walking distance to the opera and the palace area.We purchased a three day travel card for 11 euros each. This enabled us to take the the metro from the airport to the hotel with two changes in about half an hour! Much cheaper than a taxi. The metro is a good and cheap way to get around the city and is relatively simple to use with clear directions and trains run every 3 mins.Overall this is a good hotel and would recommend this to anyone, but facillites are lacking compared to other hotels if you like that bit more luxury.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Agathalina
<Content>Excellent Excellent hotel. My room was very quite and confortable and very near from tube. In my case, all that I needed.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>goju
<Content>Mixed Feelings We stayed here for 3 nights in early september and found the staff to be both bad or excellent depending on who you were dealing with.The room was a junior suite and was very nice with excellent soundproofing and good air con. The mini bar was indeed free but only works when the card for the lights is inserted so when you are out of the room the fridge is turned off, therefore when you return from a hot day in the sun and fancy a cold drink, you get a warm one. The breakfast was very good and we had a meal on our first evening that was also quite good, service was a bit hit and miss though.location is very central but adjoins some very seedy streets, so be aware in the evenings and try to avoid these streets after dark.Far from the worst place I've ever stayed, not too close to the best either.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>MouserB
<Content>Great stay! Great hotel, central location but quiet once in room, clean and modern, helpful staff, complimentary mini bar (low-cal beer, juice, water etc), good range of toiletries, air-con. Not the cheapest hotel but thoroughly enjoyed our stay and Madrid was fantastic, would definitely return!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>grahamandjulie
<Content>To many Tapas, Rioja and sight seeing Just returned from a 4 night stay in the Hotel Preciados Madrid. The taxi ride from the station was 25 euro, husband thought he had been ripped off as they add 5 euros on top of the meter price, which we didn't realise until returning back to the airport.Had an excellent stay, the reception staff were exteremly freindly and helpful. Hotel is spotless, it's very central. Three/Four doors from the hotel is a Tapas bar which is worth a visit, as the tapas were delicious. Madrid was buzzing, plenty to do and see, went to Tolerdo on the train for the day which is interesting if you have the time. The Plaza Mayor is a must but meals are expensive, try one of the side streets.The open Top bus is a must, we stopped at the Real Madrid Footy ground for a tour, not usually my cup of tea but it was highlight of the day, real treat, even get to go to dressing rooms. Bullring was quite a hike, as we walked, but easy to take the metro, however although we would of loved to see in side all we could see was a very disappointing museum.All in all the hotel is worth a stay, although breakfast was very nice it was a little over priced at 15 euros plus taxis.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stevewarbie
<Content>Great Location and Hotel Just back from a 3 night stay at this Hotel. Very clean and helpful staff. Room of a good size and large bathroom with full bath and shower over it.Hotel is only a few hundred yards from the palace and has a lot of good bars near by. Good local bar at the back of hotel frequented by locals so good atmosphere and reasonable.Would stay again at this hotel when in Madrid.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WeekendBreaks
<Content>Fantastic location Stayed in this hotel last weekend and the location is fantastic. It is located near two metro stations which is convenient for the airport. As we were out and about most of the time we didn't spend too long in the hotel. However the room was spotless and while small I'd highly recommend it. The chocolates on arrival are a nice touch. A good variety of toiletries are provided including toothbrush, toothpaste, comb etc.The room was 鈧?25 including tax but not breakfast. However we got lattes and doughnuts for 鈧? around the corner, much cheaper than Dublin prices! We went to the markets on Sunday and stopped at a bar there and it it was half the price for tapas and beers compared to the city centre. Saying that the city was still cheap. There is a pub called BeerStation near the hotel in Plaza Santa Domingo which has a great atmosphere. We sat outside the restaurant on the corner opposite the hotel and got a bottle of wine for 鈧?1. I'd highly recommend this hotel as it is within walking distance of the sights, shops and places to drink  eat.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>frinty
<Content>fantastic Just back today having been in northern spain for a week. This hotel is great. The uplift to the reception was fnished today and it really puts the hotel well out in front of their rivals. Great staff and superb rooms. Complimentary minibar! Spotless, contemporary rooms with great aircon -- and double / double glazing make it very quiet at night. Just round the corner from some excellent tapas bars and only minutes from the Plaza Major. Cant wait to do it again,  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KristaInLondon
<Content>Decent Hotel. Modern Rooms. I stayed at the Preciados for two nights with my cousin in August 2008. We were pleased that the rooms were nice and modern. I totally forgot that the minibar was free so if you do stay here, drink up! Our safe wasn't working when we checked in, but this was fixed shortly. When we first got to our room, the entire floor reeked of cigarette smoke, despite the no smoking signs. For the rest of our stay, it reeked of room deoderizer spray. The hotel is a short walk to Plaza Mayor. I found the surrounding area though less than attractive. The streets smelled like urine and there's a lot of graffiti. Also, there are a bunch of beggers on Calle Preciados, the pedestrian shopping street. There are two PCs in the hotel basement, but only one had an Internet connection while we were there. I found the front desk less than helpful when it came to restaurant recommendations. Perhaps the normal staff was away for August? Firstly, I e-mailed the hotel a week before we arrived and asked for some recommendations and they never responded. Secondly, when we did ask for tips, the guy at the front desk just responded vaguely with Plaza Mayor. Everything is good there. Well, everything directly surrounded Plaza Mayor is a bit of a tourist trap. Plus, we were two females wandering around at 11 p.m. at night and we didn't like not having a direct destination.So while the accomodations were clean and neat, I wasn't too keen on the location or the service we experienced.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	2	2	

<Author>wonderland30
<Content>Wonderful hospitality, quiet, hotel, rock hard bed... This hotel was under contruction while we were there, just this summer (2008). Though the construction was inconvenient, the hotel staff was wonderful and the hotel was very very nice. The rooms are small but of course, that's a typical European hotel room. The double-paned windows made the noise from the busy street below virtually non-existent. The hotel is literally in one of the best and most convenient areas!!!! The only thing that was hard (literally) was the bed. It was a rock. Other than that, I highly recommend the hotel!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sf7307
<Content>Loved this hotel       Desk area  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ghostship
<Content>Modern, Location, Comfortable, Quiet       Pueto del Sol  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>Newsgal67
<Content>Love It! This hotel was more than what I expected....the rooms are ultra modern and spotless, the bathrooms like new-very modern also water pressure was great. The hotel is quiet. Staff spoke English and were very friendly. I loved everything about it. It was located about one block or two from Plaza del Sol where you could catch all the tour buses. Less than a block from El Corte Ingles department store. Walking distance to Gran Via, Plaza Espana. At night it seems kind of lonely, but it seemed safe, just don't walk alone to be safe. The bed was not as soft as I would want it, but it was fine I guess for a hotel. If you want comfort, safety, cleanliness, this is the place for you. I would stay here again and again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>elizajanec
<Content>Great hotel This is a great hotel, in a really central location. While we were there (the last week of Aug 2008) there was a fair bit of work going on in the reception area (painting, and a general facelift by the looks of it), but once you've got through that it's great. We were in a standard double room, which was rather small, but had everything you need in a modern, sleek and clean environment. There's plenty of hanging space in the wardrobe, a minibar/ fridge, safety box, flat screen tv and a comfy bed. The bathroom was larger than average - all marble effect with a good shower over the bath. The rooms have two sets of double glazed doors leading out to a balcony (only big enough to stand on), so we heard no noise from the street below. Breakfast was about 16Euros and sets you up for the day. There are 2 Metro stations within 2 minutes walk from the hotel, the main square (Plaza Mayor - rip off cafes!) is about a 10 minute walk away, and the Gran Via is one block away - lots of good shops and realisticaly priced restaurants, almost on your doorstep!If is wasn't for the building work in the foyer I'd have given this hotel 5/5, and I guess in a few weeks it'll be done and looking great!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>SKCTokyo
<Content>Very nice. Good location, especially to get to the palace and the old section of the city. Quite far from the Prado, Reina Sofia and Retiro Park. I had a VERY small room with no view of anything (except other hotel windows). Outstanding breakfast. I would stay here again, but would assiduously research other options before doing so.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>TorontoMcKenzie
<Content>Terrific! Our expectations were met and exceeded. Modern, tastefully decorated, comfortable, good value, well located, we would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>rachelg62
<Content>Good hotel, great location This is a good hotel in an excellent location. Staff were helpful and professional. Our room (on the 4th floor) was not huge, but stylish, air-conditioned, lots of storage space and very clean. I thought the bed was too hard at first, but got used to it. Although it was a twin room the beds were right next to each other (and no room to move them apart), which might not be ideal for everyone who wants a twin room. It looked as if rooms on lower floors might be quite noisy, and there was a lot of rubbish on the street below.The balconies are tiny, too small to sit out on, though they are typical of Madrid architecture. We felt quite envious of people who could afford the rooms/suites with terraces on the 5th and 6th floors!There was a problem with the safe not working but this was sorted out within minutes.We could walk to all the main attractions in Madrid鈥檚 old town, also the Prado and the other art galleries. If you don鈥檛 want to walk, there are several metro stations close by, and taxis are reasonably cheap.Particularly liked the free wifi, the plasma TV with 42 channels (we watched Rafa win a Canadian championship) and free minibar (only soft drinks and beer, but room to store your own water).Breakfast was charged extra (very expensive) so we went to various local cafes 鈥?about 2-3 euros for a coffee/juice and croissant 鈥?though we wouldn鈥檛 recommend Domingo鈥檚. Lots of restaurants and tapas bars nearby. Also the Corte Ingl茅s.Madrid is just fabulous and we had a great time here. A feast of cultural and culinary delights鈥?br/>We would stay at Preciados again but not without checking out other beguiling hotels like the Room Mate chain!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>beani_p
<Content>Hidden Gem - Definitely worth a stay! This was truly a hidden gem for us. The hotel was very cute, clean, romantic and in a great location - a great find. It was also reasonably priced. We were expecting something older and smaller for the price we paid, but was pleasantly surprised by the standards received. We are use to our 5 star comforts, and although this was a European non 5 star big hotel or chain, it did not disappoint in the least.Hotel staff were very friendly, hotel was nicely decorated, location was quite central as well. All and all, a hotel I would definitely recommend to others.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Shain
<Content>Excellent choice This hotel is extremely quiet, centrally located (you can walk to both the Royal Palace and the Prado), within a block of one metro line and two blocks of two others, and the staff is generally very helpful. The front desk was able to identify all Italian restaurants within a ten block radius for us and also printed out all the train schedules for day trips and could make reservations. There were only two things I didn't like about the hotel: whatever cleaning fluid they use on the towels has a pretty distinctive and unlikeable odor. If this sort of thing bothers you, bring your own towels. Also the stuffed animal that my daughter had hand-made disappeared from her room, and it took four visits to the front desk before they would call the laundry to see if it got mixed up in the sheets. They never did find it. Presumably one of the housekeeping staff took it, which points up a general problem with Madrid and indeed every city we visited in Spain: the petty theft and pickpocketing is completely out of control. There were three attempts on us and we watched as a thief brazenly walked into a restaurant where we were sitting on the main street in Madrid and started to walk out with someone's camera after eyeing our (well-protected) backpacks. If you are going to visit this country you have to start out with the presumption that they are going to get you unless you are on alert all the time. Also the hotel restaurant at the Preciados is very expensive by American standards and the lobby is currently undergoing some sort of renovation so that a small part of it is blocked off.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>BandBTourist
<Content>A Diamond selected from T A Reviews Our small group of 2 couples stayed here for 4 days prior to touring the other major cities and sites of Spain. We selected it solely by T A reviews and rankings. We were very pleased with the result - good value, well located, very clean, reasonable size rooms and friendly and helpful front desk staff. What a contrast with the four star hotels which our tour company selected for us elsewhere in Spain. We never ceased to be amazed at how these other hotels maintained their star ratings -often poorly located, rooms that reeked, TVs that hadn't worked in years, outrageous prices for basic services like room safes and internet and indifferent staff seemed to be the norm. If you can, avoid the so-called four star hotels where the group tours stay. This is where T A reviews are so helpful - The Preciados turned out to be a diamond in a sea of sludge.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Silvana_Michel
<Content>Location, Value, Hospitality We arrived very early on a Sunday morning from the U.S. We were shown to our room in 5 minutes which is so wonderful after a very long over night flight. The people at the front desk could not have been more hospitable in booking tours, restaurant recommendations, mapping out the city, immediatelly printing out train schedules, arranging for taxis, etc. The hotel is in walking distance to most Madrid sights and the Metro station. It is situated in the old part of Madrid (that is where you want to be) a few minutes walk to Plaza Mayor, Puerto del Sol and the Royal Palace. Our room was clean, quiet, air conditioner worked wonderfully (major plus), free mini bar, Swiss chocolates delivered to your room on your first night. We reserved our room through a travel agent and had breakfast included. The breakfast was wonderful, one of the best breakfast displays I've seen in Europe (and we travel extensively). So, overall for the price and location this is the hotel to stay at when visiting Madrid. We had a wonderful time and will certainly return on our next visit to Madrid.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PNMLAW
<Content>You Can Find Much Better in Madrid This is a lifeless hotel in Madrid. We stayed in a suite with our 2 kids, and for Spain, it was of an ample size. The location is central for tourism, but nothing with this hotel stands out. It was quiet, but weekend house cleaning had real problems. There is no concieige, and the front desk was frequently vacant. On Friday night we asked the time for breakfast, and was informed 7 am. On Sat. morning, the same guy rolled his eyes at us and mumbled that breakfast was at 8:30 a.m. on weekends. Another time, we asked for directions to a restaurant, and the desk tried hard to redirect us to someone they obviously wanted us to visit instead. Little stuff like that holds me back from a positive review. I'd stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>LakshmiRk
<Content>Precious Preciados       Room 311  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>heinertx
<Content>Modern clean hotel We stayed at the Hotel Preciados late last month for 3 days/nights. Overall impression was that it was a very clean and modern hotel. Our room on the forth floor was large as was the bathroom-full bath. It was quiet too. Pros:Location was convenient with public transport nearby. Taxies seemed plentiful too. Near the Plazas-Sol, Mayor, Royal Theater, shopping and not far from the Royal Palace. Many places to eat nearby too. Large room-bathroomVery clean  modernQuietStaff helpful  attentive.Cons: None come to mind.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DBooger
<Content>Great Location, Great Room Value We were very pleased with this modern, spacious hotel. It is well-situated north of the Plaza Mayor, and east of Old Madrid.We found the staff to be very helpful. We went through the front desk for bullfight tickets and paid a premium, but that was our own fault. We could have just as easily taken the Metro straight to the bull ring (metro: Ventas) and done it ourselves, so no points off here. We were lazy, and paid the price.The rooms were (relatively) large, with very nice / spacious bathrooms. The rooms were substantially nicer than the Sumner (London) or the Relais Bosquet (Paris).This is no comment on the hotel, but we found Madrid to have more street people and (pretty obvious) hookers than either Paris or London. Maybe this was just random chance.The lobby restaurant is not cheap. It's fairly priced, but not cheap. If you're looking for bargain eats, you'll have to leave the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LongIslandFlan
<Content>Great Location, OK Accomodations We recently spent three weeks in Europe and stayed at 5 hotels -- Preciados was in the lower half. The location was excellent but the staff was only ok. We were 2 adults and 2 children (8 and 13) and had a double room on the first floor (which is the second floor to Americans). Room was oddly configured corner room with pull out sofa in front room which was shaped like a triangle and very tight. Also, room was very dark and they had heavy curtains and poor lighting. I assume the room was clean but who could tell. Bathroom was large and spacious. Room was quiet. If you don't care about your room and focus on location, the Preciados is very good. Also, restaurant on first floor was not a great value, overpriced poor service and quality of food was lacking. I would try another hotel in area, on my next trip to Madrid  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lar36
<Content>Great experiance at the Preciados This is a medium sized hotel in a great location. Only a two minute walk to a couple of different metro stations and a short walk to the Opera, perhaps a 15 minute walk to the Prado.Just a short walk to the Grand Via with all its international shopping. We had a modern room that was well insulated from the exterior noises that come from a low floor. Our room wascomfortable, well lit and had a great bathroom with a great shower. The house keeping staff did a great job as well. I was very pleased with the staff at the reception desk as well. When i had a problem with a restaurant reservation they solved the problem and took care of it. All other requests were also handled with a great atitude. Really terrific considering that English is their second language. Sorry to say that we never did try the hotel's restaurant. There were also a couple of computers available to guests for internet access on the lower level. We would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HappyMondayLondon
<Content>Fantastic hotel, great location My boyfriend and I stayed at the Preciados after reading the excellent reviews on TripAdvisor and had a great stay. Rooms are incredibly clean and unlike a previous reviewer we had plenty of space (superior room 507 - think it's worth getting one as high up as possible to avoid any noise). Would throughly recommend the location (minutes from Sol/ Plaza Santa Ana) and the service was great. Would definitely return!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>angloT
<Content>A Great Find This is a wonderful hotel in central Madrid. As you first enter the street from the metro, you wonder what you're getting yourself into as the street is narrow and looks vaguely questionable. However, as soon as you enter the hotel, the contrast couldn't be greater - it's clean, modern, quiet and quite luxurious. The staff are very efficient. We stayed in a superior double with balcony on the 4th floor overlooking the street. The room was very well furnished (modern style) with lots of space and a huge bathroom with a skylight. There was a small issue with the in-room safe when we first arrived, but it was very quickly and efficiently resolved. At night we had the balcony doors open, and it was extremely quiet. The hotel is in a perfect location, with the metro, the palace, the shops, Plaza Mayor etc all within a 10 minute walk. We didn't use the restaurant, though it looked fine (hotel restaurants are always pricey, with not much atmosphere) - as there were plenty of decent places to go to close by, including a number of simple coffee shops where you can get a great breakfast of pastries and cafe con leche at a very reasonable price. Considering the value of the dollar against the euro, this hotel provides outstanding value.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Liath
<Content>Mixed Feelings When I booked this hotel, it was at No.1 in Tripadvisor ratings. We stayed in Room 508 for a week. Disappointed at the cramped space on each side of the twin beds which had been pushed together. There was not room to separate them in any case. This room is described as 'superior', but its size does not suggest that. Making the room even more cramped was a padded seat along the foot of the bed.The bathroom is massive and special, but I would prefer to have had some of its space incorporated into the bedroom. The skylight with electric shutters is an interesting addition to the bathroom. But, I fail to see how the sloping ceiling in the bedroom is considered a selling point! Just adds to the cramped feeling!We failed to gain access to the rooftop where we could see evidence of seating. The lobby is not somewhere you would want to sit to read or relax as it is too small and positioned between the desk and the door to the restaurant. The brochure still shows a residents' lounge, but, when we asked, we were told that it no longer existed!!! And the room,as I said, was not big enough to allow for comfortable lounging and reading.Sorry for sounding off on the negatives, but it was supposed to be The No 1 hotel in Madrid. (I note that it has now slipped a couple of places)On the positive side it is one of the cleanest hotels we have ever been in. The standards could not be higher throughout the entire hotel. The staff are friendly indeed and we saw only one who had a grumpy look, in the restaurant. The soundproofing from the street is perfect. Not a whimper from outside. It surprised us then to find internally how noisy an American sounded when talking at a late hour in a neighbouring room. We dined in the restaurant on three days and the food was excellent. We found that the set price and set menu, running from 12 to 4pm each day, was excellent and very good value.Calle Preciados is as central an area as you will find in Madrid, whether it be for shops, eating, galleries, parks. I have no doubt that this is one of the great advantages of Hotel Preciados. The small free bar containing juices, water, soft drinks and two beers is unique and is refilled each day, no questions asked or payment sought.We had decided to use transport which would drop us at the door of the hotel and back at the airport. We avoided the taxis and used Aerocity. Their small minibus is comfortable, prompt and costs 鈧?1 each way. We had it to ourselves when arriving and had just two others using it when departing. When I contacted the hotel in advance, I was quoted 鈧?0 each way for what they would provide. It was probably for a limo! Aerocity can be booked on the internet for both journeys in advance and you simply go to their desk in Terminal 1 when your flight arrives. If you have hand luggage only, you can get into the city by rail for just 鈧?, but you need to know how to use the Metro to get to the hotel, getting off at Metro Callao.Madrid is buzzing and well worth the visit. Hotel Preciados has a lot to offer by way of courtesy, cleanliness, good food and above all convenience in the city.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PeterMirka
<Content>Modern design in right place We spent four days in this excellent hotel in Madrid. It is located two minutes from Gran Via shoping area and 10-15 mins from major museums. The Calle Preciados itself has at least six restaurants. The room design was modern (done by an architect) and we loved it. Bed was firm and although you can hear busy street with open balcony you can hear nothing after closing the balcony doors that perfectly attenuate noise. The staff greeted us with a chocolate. Everything was perfect. The room was not as large as happens in US but it was comfortable. If you like art and museums but have a limited stay in Madrid choose Thyssen-Bornemisza (extraordinary), then Prado, and Reina Sofia. Remember that most restaurants do not serve a main dish after 4 pm. The hotel restaurant does. We strongly recomment this luxury without pretension hotel with moderate prices.Peter and Mirka, NY, USA  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rakona
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location When booking this room back in March, this hotel was #1 on TripAdvisor. I can't say if it is truly #1 as I've not stayed elsewhere, but I can say it was a great stay.Staff was helpful, polite and the room was quiet. After driving around Spain for a week, I was sooo happy to pull up at the hotel and have someone else take care of parking and the bags. The location was ideal, we didn't get the car out once and only had to use a taxi a few times. The Prado, Plaza Major and Palcio Real were all short walks from the hotel.If were are luck enough to make it back to Madrid we would definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Adventurebuzz
<Content>Just Right! Stayed at Preciados for three nights in late May - fifth (top) floor in a standard room. Absolutely no complaints. Room floorplan was spacious with nice moda design. Free wifi. Free mini bar (limited). Bathroom was very spacious and had a retractable skylight and jacuzzi tub. Walk out balcony. Double paned heavy doors blocked all city noise. Very friendly, effective staff. Cleaning staff was very thorough. Turn down service. Location was just right - block from Callao tube stop. Easy walk to Plaza Mayor and palace. Three tube stops with a change to Prado. Easy access to Gran Via for taxi to other locations. Lots of easy places for continental breakfast/espresso - tapas. Onsite restaurant was a bit overpriced - but the breakfast buffet satisfied all tastes. Would recommend to all and would stay here again.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigjobby
<Content>Would Recommend Stayed in a Junior Suite for 3 nights.Room was spacious and immaculately clean.All staff were pleasant and efficient.Had breakfast at the hotel twice.A very good buffet including scrambled and fried eggs,bacon,cold meats and cheese,cereal,yoghurts and fruit.Cost for breakfast was 16 euros per person.Did try Domingos which has been recommended for breakfast but found the waiter surly and was unable to understand a word of English.So if your Spanish is good and you take exception to the hotel charging 16 euros this may be an alternative.Had dinner twice in Plaza Mayor-very touristy but the food and cost was acceptable.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>baysidegirl55
<Content>Wonderful hotel       Shower  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Carlettino
<Content>Recommendation       Hotel Preciados (view from the terrace over the roof landscape)  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Quido
<Content>Exactly as stated--great value, great location Stayed one night on way to Seville. The reviews on this hotel were correct. One street away from the Gran Via and steps away from the walking streets. Great value for the money charged. Room was very quiet, staff helpful. Would stay here again without question.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>globetrotte11
<Content>Great City Break My Husband  I stayed here for 3 nights and couldn't fault the Hotel. It is well placed for attractions, Restaurants  Metro. Our room, overlooking the front entrance, was slightly noisy due to traffic - however, not as much as most major cities. The external window shutters managed to keep out all the light  most of the noise so we were able to get a good night's sleep in the comfortable bed.The mini-bar was most welcome even if only for the cold water which can be expensive in some hotels. The bathroom essentials such as make-up removal pads, cotton buds, tissues etc were replenished daily..........the standard of cleaning was excellent.I would certainly recommend this Hotel  wish all those reading this review a pleasant stay. ps.......Visit Toledo it's beautiful, but allow plenty of time to get your ticket at Atocha Station.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aliballi
<Content>Excellent hotel, would wholly recommend We stayed in the Junior Suite (us plus our son) for 3 nights in May. The room was excellent , the staff were very pleasant and helpful. The weather in Madrid was horrible when we were there (cold and very wet) but hardly the hotel's fault so it was with great relief that we arrived back in the hotel each night and found it an oasis in the midst of the mayhem(?) of the centre of Madrid. My only complaint/comment would be that it would have been nice to have tea/coffee making facilities in the room.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>londonbaby2008
<Content>Pretty Good... The hotel is clean and well located. The people who work there super friendly. Rooms and bathrooms are good size and air conditioned. No iron/ironing board in the room!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TMitch6542
<Content>Nice Hotel, good location, but a few drawbacks Like other reviewers, I thought this hotel was well located, had modern clean rooms and generally the staff was helpful. This however, was not my favorite hotel of my recent visit to spain. I agree with one of the previous reviewers that the room was unbearably hot. We complained, and although someone from the maintenance staff was sent up to the room, bottom line was that the a/c was not on. We had to sleep with the windows open which would have been fine but for the fact that Madrid (and most of Spain) is a late night place with people walking the streets and talking most of the night. I'm not an early bird, but once it hits about 2 a.m. I like to sleep. With the windows closed, the hotel was quite soundless, but without A/C, we had to either not sleep or try to deal with the street noise. My other complaint is the knowledge that the front desk staff has of the city. I am a food freak and love to visit the food markets/mercados of the places I visit. I came armed with a list of the main food markets of madrid ( La Paz, Chamartin, etc) and the man at the front desk had not only not heard of them, he looked at us like we were crazy when we asked where the markets were. Since I had a list of at least 10 that I had found in one spot on the internet, had seen on tv and read about in various books and magazines, I was quite taken aback that I seemed to be asking for something so unfamiliar to him. He was familiar with the Sunday flea market ( El Raestro (sp?) and was happy to direct us there, but I think a hotel from a large chain (NH) should have better informed people at the fornt destk. Othere than these two complaints, I would say this was a good hotel. Would I return? Probably not, only because on my return to Madrid I stayed at the Atlantico and found the staff more informed and the temperature of the air more comfortable.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MARGIE-L37
<Content>5 days in early spring We booked the Hotel Preciados after reading reviews on Tripadvisor.It was comfortable,reasonably priced and well located for metro, shops restaurants. A great flight direct from Liverpool then straight on to the Metro where trains left every minute. Clean, fast ,efficient, oh to have such a great transport system at home!Blue skies and sunshine awaited us as we reached street level. Our room was very clean, the mini bar (juices, water- still and sparkling) was free and replenished each morning.Do go and see flamenco dancing and after lots of art at the Prado, my husband really appreciated the Bernabeu stadium visit which is free entrance when you use the Madrid Card. We went on the Madrid Vision open topped buses, which helped familiarise us with the layout. For a capital city, Madrid is quite compact. and clean, we saw very little litter. A stroll in the Retiro Park is a must . At night, and in early hours, even at 4 in the morning ,there are so many people about and all we saw were happy revellers, so you can enjoy Madrid by night too. Superb architecture, well worth a visit .  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mellemel
<Content>Good hotel, great loocation I and a friend stayed at hotel Preciados for four nights from April 20-24. Our rooms were ready within 10 minutes of arrival. The hotel is very nice with marble and wood floors. We both had seperate rooms and they were very clean and modern with a small balcony facing the front of the hotel plus a complimentary mini bar which is always a plus. This hotel is in great location very central, walking distance from everything. The receptionists at the hotel were very helpful. We encountered two negative situations: The thermostat in my friends room to control the heat was not working but then it was fixed with a phone call to the receptionist desk. Second, There was a sewage smell every now and then coming from the toilet of the bathroom in room 304. But, once you close the lid you want smell it. Obviously, It was'nt that annoying because I forgot to mention it to the front desk.Overall, I would definitely stay here again when I come back to Spain.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LillianV
<Content>Deserving of its Tripadvisor Ranking Spent 2 nights at the Hotel Preciados last week with my husband and 3 children. We had 2 adjacent rooms, and a 3d bed was added to one room. I do understand why this hotel has TripAdvisor's current #1 rating among Madrid hotels -- as the combination of quality/cost/location is probably unbeatable. Truthfully, I was a bit apprehensive as we pulled up to the hotel -- as the immediate neighborhood and the hotel's exterior are a bit tired. However, the hotel's interior is new, sleek and contemporary. The rooms are comfortable and have many nice amenities and lots of storage space. The bathrooms are enormous. The one complaint I have is that the rooms are a bit antiseptic and cell-like in feel. While our room looked out on the busy Calle Preciados (and the windows can be opened to the air and outside scenery), we heard no noise at night. It is true that the hotel has done an excellent job of soundproofing.We quickly came to appreciate the hotel's location, as you can walk to pretty much anywhere you'd want to go -- Palacio Real, Plaza Mayor, Puerta del Sol , Prado, Retiro, Salamanca, Chueca -- and there are a number of Metro stations nearby.We had breakfast in the hotel's very attractive restaurant. It was not cheap, but it featured an all-you-can eat buffet with many choices including an assortment of fruits.The hotel's staff was friendly enough, but do not expect much in the way of service. They did arrange for taxis to take us to the airport early in the morning -- but were unable to help with, for example, locating a guide. I interpret this as a consequence of a lower room rate. This caused a real problem, however, when I discovered -- upon reaching the airport -- that I must have left a pair of expensive reading glasses in my room. I immediately phoned the hotel and did not receive satisfactory help at all in locating them! They also made it clear that they would not arrange for the glasses to be sent to me. My son ended up returning to the hotel via the Metro (as the city's streets had since been closed for a marathon) and was given begrudging permission to search the room himself. The glasses were there, and he was able to return to the airport in the nick of time.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Grindley
<Content>Mixed feelings about Hotel Preciados My cousin and I stayed at the Hotel Preciados for 3 nights in mid April 2008.In most ways it was as previous tripadvisor reviewers had reported. Its location was great. Our room was gorgeous - modern, clean and very functional. The free minibar was a really nice touch. The front desk were very friendly and helpful. A serious unresolved problem for myself and my cousin though was the heat in the room. We had travelled from Ireland which has experienced a particularly cold spring. To us our room in the Hotel Preciados was stifling and it seemed that only the heating but not the air condtioning was working. We reported the problem to the front desk but to no avail. Considering this hotels 4 star status and how much we had paid, I would have expected that we could have had the room as cool as we had desired - but were disappointed here. Personally if I had to choose I would prefer a less fancy room but one over whose temperature I had more control. Others from warmer climates would have had no complaints. So hopes fulfiled but also disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>MarkfromBath
<Content>Enjoyed my stay I stayed here for 3 nights after reading the reviews and it certainly lived up to expectations. The location is very central which makes it easy to walk to the various attractions in Madrid. I thought the room was very comfortable and was impressed with the electric curtains which cut out light and noise. The only trouble was that it was too easy to sleep in the morning! The free internet was good and I it was great to get so many complementary toiletries! The staffs spoke excellent English and were helpful in providing advice. I had a problem with the electronic safe and this was quickly resolved. Madrid is a great city and the Hotel Preciados made it all the more enjoyable.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasAMC3
<Content>Expectations met! We were so pleased with our decision to stay at this hotel. It's everything we expected--great location, clean, roomy, comfortable, kind and helpful staff. Also, there's a ton of storage--we had more than enough room for our things.After a long day it was nice to come home to complimentary drinks (water, juice, soda, beer) in the fridge--something we sorely missed when we left for other hotels elsewhere. There are two computers on the lower level which always had a connection and always were available for use.For our six-night stay, we requested and received a double superior which included a terrace overlooking the rooftops and sky light in the bathroom. We loved how sunny and bright our room was. And although street noise can be heard with the doors and window open, closed the room is quiet as can be thanks to double paned glass. The hotel was so quiet it felt as though we were the only one's there.Love this hotel and hope to return one day soon.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frequentvoyager
<Content>En el centro del centro - superbe location and comfortable Spent three nights at the Preciados. The location of the hotel is absolutely excellent if you want to be in the very centre of Madrid. All the monumental places (Gran Via, Palacio Real, Puerta del Sol, Plaza Espana, etc. ) are within walking distance, more or less. Surprisingly, the location is rather quiet, also because the rooms have double windows . The old (around 1900?) building has been completely overhauled and now has extremely modern amenities, the rooms are modern style, clean. The four stars are well deserved. Everything, including bathroom, works very well. However, there is no coffee maker nor ironing board in the room. Bed is very comfortable. Staff is very friendly. Rooms are a bit small. There are rooms facing the street, but also rooms with no outside view (single rooms). There are many light switches, about 20, you have to identify before going to bed. Breakfast is charged separately at 15 euros plus tax, the buffet is mas o menos ok, but sometimes no waiter or waitress around. If you are not hungry and want to save money, there are a few bars in the vicinity that are substantially lower cost. In restaurant there is a smoking zone, but in the cafe section with the television, no smoking. The minibar appears to be free of charge, but we hadn't knew that, what a pity. The reception is helpful, they also arrange taxis e.g. to the airport at regular price. But to conclude, we really enjoyed the sojourn at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>finicky1
<Content>Quiet Oasis in the middle of Madrid for quick recovery from jetlag! I am only writing this so that those of us spend our hard-earned money to travel half way around the world for a vacation or have to do so for business could have complete quiet at night so as to be able to recover quickly from jetlag after a couple solid nights' sleep. As I am always uncertain about how quiet a hotel really is (it's relative what constitutes quiet for a 19 year-old who parties until 5AM then passes out anywhere as opposed to a 39-year-old), I wanted to reassure you fellow globetrotters, this gem is truly very quiet.:)The room: beautiful wood floors were squeaky clean, bed comfy with cozy down comforters, modern, clean bathroom and shower w/ great pressure, Ikea furnishings complete the room w/ clean lines while providing ample storage.The fridge is stocked w/ quite a good selection of complimentary (you read it right - free! - this hotel is probably the only one of its kind left any where in the world...sad) beverages is heaven for the tired traveler no matter what time of day you get there. For the vacationer, it saves quite a bit of $, esp. considering how the US$ to Euro is so pitiful thanks to our weakened economy brought on by greed and poor ruling). Just carry a bottle or two each day before you head out. The hotel is central enough that you can return to your room mid-day for a quick break and to pick up more if it's warm out. And unlike what previous reviewers alleged, the hotel replenishes each and every bottle that you consumed the previous day up to the number of bottles that were in there to start with. And be a decent human being and buy more with your own money if you drank every bottle in the fridge after it's been restocked but before it's to be replaced the next day for gosh sake....The staff, while professionally courteous, are not the BB type to bend over backwards to help you. So it's good to have your head screwed on and know what you're doing, where you're going, and know how to get there.I hope that despite all the positive reviews, this hotel's owners will remain decent members of society and keep the hotel's rates reasonable for a long, long time.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Pollybelle
<Content>Great hotel We stayed for a week with our teenage son in the Suite Privilege. This included a sitting room with a pullout couch and a very large rooftop balcony with a great view of the city. We do not speak any Spanish and had no problems communicating with the front desk although their English was not fluent. The rooms, bedding, bathrooms were very clean with ample storage space. I found the best rate on the hotel website. We were charged an extra fee (39 euros)to have our son in the room but much less than the rate listed by other Madrid hotels.The location is the best, with the Plaza Santa Domingo metro and Plaza Callao metro steps away. We took the metro to and from the airport without difficulty although we did have to carry our bags up several flights of stairs. We booked a tour of Toledo with Trapsatur through the front desk which was terrible. The group was too large and we were rushed to get to the souvenir stand at the end of the tour. I would highly recommend the flamenco dancing at Cafe de Chinitas (walking distance) and diner at Cafe Botin (off Plazor Mayor) . There are many wonderful trabernas and cafes nearby for meals. In summary an outstanding hotel in a great location in a wonderful city.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>giggitygoo
<Content>Great Hotel - better locations My wife and I recently stayed here for our tenth anniversary after reading all of the great reviews posted here. We can't say enough good things about the Hotel Preciados. The location was outstanding, outstanding, outstanding. We walked to every major attraction in Madrid and took the metro (2 stops right near the hotel) to the train station to go out of the city. The room, while small (European), was exceptionally clean, stocked everyday with free drinks, and had all toiletries including toothbrushes, razors and shaving cream, shampoo, bath gel, and plenty more. They have in an in wall stereo system with speakers in the main room and bathroom.The floors are hardwood and the bathrooms are ceramic / marble. Most rooms have balconies (although they are very small) and flat panel TVs.We order room service once (just for coffee) and didn't eat at the hotel (too many choices right near the hotel. If you do stay here, hang a left when you go out the front door and an immediate right at the first intersection. You will see a cafe called Domingos - I highly recommend it for daily eating (breakfast and lunch). Order the tortilla espana and jamon. You can't go wrong.The staff was courteous and professional - although one of them printed us a train schedule to segovia and accidentally gave us the wrong schedule - which had us sitting at the train station for an hour waiting for a train that wasn't going to come for another two (by the way, the Renfe people don't really even know there own schedules - but that's a different story). Other than that, the staff was perfect.The hotel has wifi (I've seen conflicting reports) and I used it every day. While it's not super fast (don't plan on downloading any big files) it is sufficient and it allowed us to check reviews of restaurants while we were there.I don't know how well the staff spoke english - my wife speaks fluent spanish so I just stood behind her like a dope the whole time.All in all - my wife and I had a great time and it was in large part because of this hotel. I am a very experienced traveller and this was one of the most memorable trips I have even taken (first time in Spain) I can't recommend it enough.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>linduguapa
<Content>Highly Recommended I can see why the Hotel Preciados gets such great reviews. I just returned from staying there for 3 nights and highly recommend it to others. It has a perfect location, on a quiet street very close to the Gran Via and the Pueta del Sol. You can walk to many places from here.The hotel front desk staff is very friendly, helpful, and accomodating. The hotel itself is beautiful, well kept, bright and clean. On the ground floor there are two computers offering free internet to guests. We booked two double rooms for my family and they put us in two rooms at the end of a hallway, with a door separating us from the rest of the hallway, It was very nice to have that extra privacy and my two year old could safely wander between the rooms. Both rooms had very small balconies and nice views to a pedestrian street below. The rooms had wood floors and felt very clean. The bathtub was nice, and the water pressure plentiful. The rooms had plasma TVs.I don't think we could have chosen a more perfect place to stay while in Madrid. I will say that I had breakfast at the hotel one morning and was disappointed - there were many options for ham, pastries, fresh juice, coffee, yogurt, cereal but if you don't eat ham, you are left missing something.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BigDaveWirral
<Content>Preciados - First Rate Nicely furnished hotel in a great location within walking distance of the central attractions. Room was very quiet (double double-glazed) and very clean.Staff were courteous and helpful. Only minor downside was that the complementary minibar wasn't!Overall an excellent choice and we could see why it was top rated.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ElsiMM
<Content>Plesant stay I ended up picking this hotel because of the reviews, price and location.We weren鈥檛 disappointed, however, I don鈥檛 know if it鈥檚 truly Madrid鈥檚 #1 hotel.We had 2 rooms. The first being a single room which was actually a full bed, big enough for 2. The room itself felt a bit cramped because you can only get in on the bed on one side since the room isn鈥檛 that big, but it was perfect for just one person. It had a desk and a flat screen t.v. There is also a safe and a mini bar fridge. There was a window facing the inside of the building with no special view just of other walls. The decoration is modern yet minimalist with wooden panels on the walls and great lighting. The bathroom was very spacious with marble tiles, a regular sized bathtub and bidet. We spent 90 euros a night for this room. The other room was a twin room with 2 small beds. The room itself was spacious and had a small balcony facing the back of the building. The closet space was double the size of the single room. All the other amenities were about the same. We paid 112 euros a night for the twin.The only complaint I have is that the cleaning staff starts at 7 am and I could hear them in the morning. I wouldn鈥檛 expect this for a 4 star hotel which is what the hotel is now considered 鈥?TA still has it as a 3 star.The other downside is that breakfast isn鈥檛 included. However, there are some great restaurants nearby that are not touristy at all. I did enjoy my stay and would recommend it to anyone. The location is fantastic 鈥?it鈥檚 central but not on a main busy street and there are lots of great restaurant options nearby. The decoration is very nice and the hotel is well maintained and extremely clean. The staff is very welcoming and extremely helpful.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Baixas
<Content>Very good hotel       Room  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lovetravelexplore
<Content>Perfect location, great attention to detail, would stay again! We stayed with our two year old in a Junior Suite (i think 407) which had a separate sitting room and bedroom. We were really jet lagged from an overnight flight from JFK, so having the automatic shutters were fantastic. The concierge and porters were so welcoming and helpful. Everything was ready upon checkin and a nicely made up crib/cot was ready for our toddler. The amenities were fabulous and the mini bar. Breakfast was very european (we are health freaks and would have liked some wholemeal bread, skim milk, high fibre museli) - but I am being picky, as it was a nice spread.We checked out the menu for dinner in the restaurant and found the staff a less friendly and welcoming than the staff in the morning. We decided not to eat in the restaurant. There is a cafe next to the restaurant that might have had a more casual selection.All in all, this hotel lived up to our high expectations and those minor things which it didn't have, kind of didn't matter. We would definitely stay again for the great service, location (walking distance to everything Royale Palace, Plaza del Sol, Plaza Mayor, El Prado. El Cortes Ingelis Department Store is about 100 metres from the hotel with a good supermarket and other things.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MobileResident
<Content>Great Value, Convenient Location With No Smoking Floors I spent 6 nights at this property earlier this month and could not have been more pleased with my choice. I booked my room on the hotel web site and requested to be on a no smoking floor and a higher floor. My room on the fourth floor was fresh,clean and very quiet. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was clean and in good working order, the safe was easy to use, there was ample closet space, the mini bar was restocked each morning and my room was cleaned and refreshed each morning.Unlike some previous reviewers,I thought that the front desk staff(particularly Oscar) were very helpful during my stay. Oscar gave me a very thorough and helpful orientation to the local area and city and provided me with a helpful map that I used throughout my visit. The nearest METRO station is Santo Domingo(Line 2). Callao(Lines 35) is also nearby. Plaza de Espana(Lines 310) is about a 5 minute downhill walk from the hotel.I never had to wait at all to use one of the two free computer teminals on the level below the lobby.Every aspect of the facilities that I looked at on their hotel web site proved to be the case during my stay. There were no surprises or unexpected charges.I think that this property is of good value and is an excellent base to enjoy all that Madrid has to offer.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ktkat59
<Content>Great hotel for the price My finance and I stayed here for 4 days for my birthday. The hotel is in a great location in the center of the old town. Easy walking to many sightseeing attractions. We stayed in the penthouse suite for one night and it is absolutely fabulous. Well, worth the extra money for a special occasion. Afterwards, we moved to a deluxe room for 3 nights. Very clean but could use some paint and minor fixups. However, I would hightly recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Silster
<Content>Great location The Hotel Preciados is centrally located and within walking distance of the major sites in Madrid: Puerta del Sol, Teatro Opera, the Palacio Real, Catedral Almudena, etc. The staff was extremely helpful and was able to answer all of our questions. The rooms were clean and the bathroom was completely up to date. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>theTraveLees
<Content>Outstanding little hotel       Comfy bed  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>GwennSingapore
<Content>Clean and convenient This hotel is very close to the metro station as well as walking distance to major sites. The cleanliness of the hotel makes it a delight to stay.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rareNItraveller
<Content>Great Stay Stayed here with a friend for 3 nights. Central to most of main Madrid sights, with a metro stop at each end of the street, but then any hotel in old Madrid is central to most of main sights, either on foot or metro.If coming from the airport via the Metro, would suggest changing at Mar de Cristal and then taking line 4 to Alonzo Martinez and then line 5 to Callao, rather than the route described on hotel website. Callao is at the end of the street where hotel is situated, 2 minute walk, whereas directions on website are from Gran Via and took us a while to find (OK once you have your bearings and know where you are going, but Callao is easier for first time travvelers and avoids Nuevos Ministerios changeover which is notorious for pickpockets).We had an interior twin room, which was clean but not overly big. Good sized bathroom,. Free minibar with 2 bottles of beer, 2 bottles of mineral water, 2 bottles of fruit juice and about 5 small bottles of soft drinks (these were replenished each day). Shutters on windows and interior room meant we had no noise at night, which was good.Didn't eat in hotel, breakfast wasn't included in rate and at 16.50 euros was expensive. A short stroll to the Gran Via got breakfast for 2 for around 8 euros total.Staff were friendly, reception staff spoke good English. They let us use computer in back office to check in on-line for our return flights and print out our boarding passes.Madrid is a lovely city and we had a great stay. Compared to other hotels we have used I would say this isn't quite a 4 star but close, certainly a very good 3 star plus and would use it again if in Madrid.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>christine32
<Content>Great stay at Hotel Preciados We stayed at Hotel Preciados for a weekend recently, and really enjoyed it. The room was huge for European standards, with contemporary furniture. The staff was very helpful, recommending a great paella restaurant to us, and booking a flamenco show for us to attend afterwards. The location was central, so we were able to walk everywhere, but public transportation was nearby if needed. And the minibar was free.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>ZKDDS
<Content>Beautiful hotel right in the center of Madrid This was a great hotel in Madrid. We stayed for 3 nights, and spent 130 euros per night. It was definitely up to US standards for hotels. The entrance/lounge area was beautiful, our room was spacious, and the bathrooms were nicely updated.The location was by far the best feature of the hotel. We walked a lot, but it was nice to be so close to the speedy metro station to get around. They had a nice restaurant in the hotel as well, but it was a bit on the pricey side so we never ate there.There is a lot of shopping around the hotel as well, near the El Corte Ingles store along the pedestrian walkway. Since Madrid was our last stop during a 3 week vacation, we bought all our souvenirs for friends/family on our last day!I would definitely recommend this hotel and hope to return one day!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrsm2007
<Content>Hotel Preciados was wonderful! We spent two nights at the Hotel Preciados after reading about it on Trip Advisor and we could not have been more pleased. The room was immaculate and spacious. The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful to us during our stay, and although we prefer to walk rather than use public transportation, the hotel was close to the transportation systems. We would definitely stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jaimef_whufc
<Content>Best Hotel in Madrid I stayed at Hotel Preciados for two nights at the start of January and cannot recommend it enough. I have been going to Madrid a couple of times a year for the past 5 years so have stayed in my fair share of hotels in Madrid, including 5*. Hotel Preciados is by far the best. I usually go out there for the football and for family as my father works in Madrid. I took my girlfriend this time and i booked the VIP suite on the 6th floor with the roof top terrace as it was her first time in Madrid. The room was large, modern and clean and the terrace was amazing......just a shame it was too cold to sit out for too long or i don't think i would have ever left!!!I have never seen more helpful and courteous staff....they could not do enough for us, especially when i was trying to arrange a trip to Segovia.....(Which i would highly recommend!!)I am currently looking to book up my next trip to Madrid in the middle of May and will be booking Hotel Preciados again.It's easy to understand why this hotel is rated #1 on Trip Advisor  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CMAS_Chicago
<Content>Nice hotel, great location We stayed at Hotel Preciados for a week in January. My husband was visiting on business, and I tagged along as a vacationer.We found the hotel to be clean and well lit. The desk staff was very helpful, and all spoke at least some English. Oscar checked us in and was the most helpful. We arrived very early, around 9am, and were able to check in right away. It is in a great location near Gran Via and Puerta Del Sol. Great shopping, restaurants, and bars nearby as well as the Metro station at Callao. The hotel offers free wireless internet access in the rooms, as well as two PCs in the basement guests can use to access the internet. We also very much liked the free mini bar. Our room was on the small side but the furniture was well positioned to allow for movement and the closet held all our belongings. We stayed on the 3rd floor, facing Calle Preciados, but had no troubles with street noise - double sets of doors on to the Juliet balconies and the mechanical shutters blocked out all noise (and light, which was nice for sleeping in!).A few minor negatives we noted. First, the towels in the bathroom smelled very strongly of vinegar. They appeared otherwise clean. Also, the room had a very slight musty smell. There was an air freshener in the bathroom that dispensed a minty spray every 20 minutes or so. Finally, the 1/2 wall in the shower did not keep the water inside the shower, and we had a puddle on the bathroom floor after each shower. Generally the positives far outweighed the negatives.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>bluesfamily
<Content>classy and good value We splurged a bit to stay in the junior suite here, while on a trip with our teenage son. The Preciados was great - good location, friendly helpful staff, free access to computers and internet downstairs, a lovely suite which was as good as one in an expensive hotel.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robertoecoralo
<Content>amazing What a wondefull surprise finding hotel preciados . The staff are friendly, helpful and courteous. The rooms are stylish and modern, the facilities are very much like a boutique hotel. wife and I were very pleased with our holiday there. Our room was bright, clean, large.We ll definatelly go back.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kdeme
<Content>Highly, highly recommend Hotel Preciados! Hotel Preciados will not disappoint. This modern, well-managed, spotless hotel caters to both the business traveler as well as the tourist. My boyfriend and I travel frequently and are often disappointed with the standard limited service hotel, but not here. We stayed here for 5 nights during our trip to Spain and we鈥檙e very impressed. Hotel Preciado's new amenities, excellent housekeeping and welcoming staff make it a real stand out. In addition, the hotel is safe with 24-hour front desk service and centrally located with easy walking/taxi/metro access to all points of the city. One suggestion, request an upper floor room if possible as the street is busy and can be loud in the evening.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>savvyyatri
<Content>Loved it, great value and location We took a 8 day trip of spain starting with madrid. Of all the hotels we stayed in Madrid, Seville and Barcelona, we thought Preciados was the best. Rooms were clean, hotel very centrally located. Hotel was very close to the metro stations, staff spoke good english and very helpful. We were traveling with my daughter age 7 and this was the only hotel in our stay in spain that didn't charge us for the extra bed. Also there were 2 computers in the hotel that we could access internet freely.We didn't try the restaurant but there were a lot of eating places including late night tapas bars very closeby.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>SoapySouter
<Content>Good for groups Very tidy  clean. Not far from the city centre attractions. Restaurant was good. They let us stay until closing time. A good italian eatery next door and a funky little bar 50 yards away for a 'nightcap'. You won't be dissapointed.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>mmctrip
<Content>Superb Hotel in a great location I stayed at this hotel in November for 3 nights and would highly recommend this hotel for your stay in Madrid. The reviews are accurate. The location is central and close to all major attractions. The staff were professional and courteous. The room was a decent size and was very quiet. It had a nice bath/tub combination and a free mini-bar. The housekeeping was excellent. The bed was very comfortable. I prefer a small breakfast so did not have the breakfast offered at the hotel. However, I did eat at the Cafe Varela for dinner and was very pleased with the quality of food. The service was excellent. Overall, this hotel provides great value to the customer. When I return to Madrid, I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sandgrounder99
<Content>Good hotel with good location and good service Very central location for all siteseeing and shops. Reception staff helpful and friendly, with English spoken which meant no problems.Room clean and tidy but maybe a bit small for a 4*.Would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>honestadvice1
<Content>Highly Recommended !!! Excellent hotel not only in location (Very Central) but the service from the staff is second to none. (English spoken).The Breakfast is typical Spanish, Cheeses Meat, Bread and the european bacon and scrambled egg.For evening meals resturants are in abundence and within walking distance.The rooms here are modern and contemporary and the hotel website is very accurate. Lift to all floors available and entry to the hotel is from floor level.Personally if you can afford the extra it will be well worth it not only from the location (cutting down on taxis etc) but also on the worry about the luxury.Remember that the taxis charge an additional 5 euros from Madrid Airport to the centre of Madrid and this is shown in the taxi so approx between 25 and 35 euros is payable for a taxi. everything is within walking distance so unless you need to get outside Madrid a car hire would not be nessacary even the local sightseeing bus is one street away at stop 19.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicolle_a
<Content>Excellent Choice for a Mid-Range Hotel This is a great choice if you're looking for a mid-range hotel which is close to all the main tourist sites, and yet located off the main streets in a relatively quiet location.The rooms are clean, quiet and we found the staff to be very helpful. The mini-bar is free and they also have two computer terminals off the reception area where you can check your e-mail and surf.You are only a couple of minutes away from El Cortes Ingles, as well as other major European chain stores. And if you're not having breakfast at the hotel, I would suggest you try La Mallorquina which is only about a five minute walk away on the Puerta del Sol. They have really nice pastries and they also make a decent cup of coffee.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JESVancouver_B_C_
<Content>Couldn't have been better Great place in Madrid.A block off the Gran Via and at the quiet end of Calle Preciados. A metro stop within a block and an easy walk to many of the sites and plazas. The staff was very helpful and the room was great. Good size, modern, very clean, and a free mini-bar replenished daily (water, soda,  cerveza!). The bed was typical of many hotels, i.e. on the firm side.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>IrelandKilkennycat
<Content>great hotel in the right spot! Stayed with a group for a long weekend. Hotel was very helpful on check in to get rooms to suit our uneven number. Compact rooms were very comfotable and well appointed with nice cool drinks in the inclusive mini bar. Situated in a quiet street this hotel has the benefit of such a terrific location. We walked to the palace , tour in English execellent, surveyed the city on the open top bus, well worth it. Discovered by chance El Prado museum is free on Sundays and enjoyed a Sunday afternoon in Retiro Park, where a few ventured to row on the lake 鈧?.30 for 45mins!Three different restaurants all within 50m of the hotel were excellent as the 7 of us enjoyed eating in a Spanish local, a seafood night and an Argentinian restaurant. Some of the group ate breakfast in the hotel which was fine , a good selection of fresh fruit and the usual cold meats etc. enough to set you up for the day. As stated by others the night sounds of the city were well shut out by the double glass windows. definitely recommend this hotel and would stay if returning to Madrid.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>AlwaysOnLocation
<Content>Clean, quiet, classy retreat in the center of it all.       View from Room 508  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cocos_knight
<Content>great rooms !!! We booked a superior room and were not at all disappointed. It was a very cosy attic room with two small balconies. The room was very well kept and clean. We really liked the tasteful furnishing. Room and bathroom featured everything we needed and were well appointed. Minibar was free. The bed was very comfortable.Location is good for first time tourists. It's a good place if you want to stay in the center of Madrid. Staff at the reception was not particularly helpful and generally rather stiff than friendly.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>No_pacifier_required
<Content>Lost in Madrid My wife, 10 month old, and I recently stayed at Hotel Preciados in September 2007. To make a long story short, we were looking for an apartment we had reserved and couldn't find it. Frustrated, we found Hotel Preciados in our Rick Steves guide book. Desperate, they gave us a room around midnight. We would have paid anything that night - our room cost us 140 Euros. They parked our car, brought up all of our luggage, and brought us a nice crib. The hotel is nicer than most European hotels. There's plenty of room, A/C, and the bathroom is spacious. It's also conveniently located in Madrid (and there's a Starbucks about a block away).  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SanchoPanza07
<Content>Perfect hotel in Madrid I have just returned from 3 nights at the Hotel Preciados and can thoroughly recommend it as a place to stay in Madrid.Firstly, the location is indeed excellent. I only ever needed to use the Metro to get to and from the airport (EUR2 each way); all the major areas of interest are within comfortable walking distance. Moreover, as a single (female) traveller it was great in the evenings to be within easy reach of plenty of lovely places to eat and drink and to still be able to walk home only a short distance in a well-populated area.The room was very comfortable; modern, well equipped and tastefully furnished. The hotel was immaculate throughout. I very much appreciated being given a double room on a single room rate (rather than poked in to the smallest single room in the house as is often the case elsewhere!). The chocolates on arrival and the free minibar were most welcome too. Breakfast wasn't included in my rate but there was no need as there are ample lovely cafes just round the corner or only a few minutes away (particularly San Gines) where you can get excellent chocolate y churros with the locals.I found the hotel using the TripAdvisor reviews and found earlier comments to be useful. Although in response to the reviewer who posted a negative comment with regard to the friendliness of the staff, in my experience they were without exception friendly, professional and very helpful.I would hope to be returning to this hotel soon as I loved both it and Madrid and would happily recommend the same to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tangoloco
<Content>Delightful Hotel After reading reviews on Tripadvisor, my husband and I booked a junior suite through the hotel's website. We were very pleased with the service (the desk clerk kindly pretended my Spanish was much better than it is) and with our room, which was spanking clean and spacious. The location is great. We would definitely stay at Preciados again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>LIBRAIreland
<Content>Perfect Preciados Not long back from a two night break at this hotel in Madrid. First time booking a hotel via trip advisor. Got off to a good start as we drove into Madrid at a very busy time, I had my heart in my mouth but hubbie was driving.... found the hotel and there was a parking spot right outside the door where you can leave your car and one of the hotel staff will take your keys and park it for you. We arrived way before check in time with a 3 year old in tow and they let us into our room after around 20 minutes, no problem.Room was nice and bright, really clean, with a nice solid wooden floor. Bed was comfortable and they kindly gave us a rolling bed for our 3 year old. The room felt a bit cramped with the rolling bed but would be an adequate size for just a couple.Location of the hotel is perfect, right off gran via and a metro stop right at the top of the street. We didnt eat breakfast at the hotel as it was a bit formal and expensive. We got lovely coffee and fresh pastries at the top of the street in a place called Rodillas ( hope this is the correct spelling).I found the staff friendly and helfpul. A word of advice is to go off the beaten track a bit for nice restaurants, we were a bit restricted with our little one so didnt get to sample the many nice restaurants that madrid has to offer.My faith in human nature was also restored on our trip. My hubbie left his wallet on a couch near the hotel reception with 鈧?00 cash in it, credit cards etc etc. We hadnt missed it until a few hours later when we got a call to our hotel room that one of the other guests had handed it in.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>robertc808
<Content>Great hotel, very convenient location We had a weekend break at the end of August and booked a queen bed room with a view onto the street. The room wasn't huge but this was reflected in the very reasonable cost. The decor was modern with white linen and wooden floors and flat-screen TV and marble in the en-suite and the room and en-suite were very clean. The bed was firm but comfortable. The sound proofing was excellent. We were surprised at an earlier review regarding the manager as we found all the staff to be very pleasant and helpful. The location was very convenient right in the centre near the Gran Via, with all of Madrid's highlights within walking distance. We got there from the airport using the Metro to Santo Domingo - only 2 euros per person and quick and hassle-free. We didn't have breakfast as it wasn't included in the price but there are plenty of eating places nearby, including the Valor Chocolateria around the corner for the true churros con chocolate experience! Not for those watching the waistline...! The Madrid Vision open-top buses are great for sightseeing as you can get on and off as you please. It helps if you get into the time zone of the Madrilenos, i.e. have an afternoon siesta and don't expect to eat before 10pm! Madrid is a wonderful city and we would thoroughly recommend it for a city break.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LauraNYC
<Content>Hotel Preciados is a winner As other reviewers have mentioned, you can't beat the location of Hotel Preciados. In addition, we found the breakfast buffet to be extensive and delicious (was included in the price of our room), the staff helpful, and the hotel in general quiet and well-kept. Our room was small but very modern and sleek and comfortable. There was some street and interior noise, but it wasn't terrible. I would recommend this hotel to friends and would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Caren17
<Content>Nice start and end to our vacation My husband, myself and our 12 yr. old stayed here the first and last night of our trip to Spain. The hotel was lovely, the location good and the staff accommodating. The first night we were upgraded to a junior suite which gave us 2 small but separate rooms which was very nice. But both rooms we had (no upgrade for the last night) were comfortable, with good a/c, modern decor and spotlessly clean. It is within walking distance to a number of attractions and good eateries (try La Maria across the street) and shops.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Mesa07
<Content>Great location but Horrible Hotel Mgr. Javier Gutierrez There was nothing good about the hotel except the location near to the metro station and Gran Via street.It took 35 minutes for the front desk only clerk to check us in when we were the only customer at the counter. The front desk clerk was incompetent but the hotel manager Javier Gutierrez was down right horrible. Javier was rude and we thought he had no business being a hotel manager.After we checked in, we found a big ball of hair from the previous guests plastered on the shower wall. We called the manager Javier Gutierrez and showed him the hair ball and his arrogant comment to us was that his hotel normally had the best rating for cleanliness. Then through his arrogancy he offered us free breakfast for one day which at the end he never came through. So, we thought that not only Javier was a poor hotel manager but he was also a man of no integrity.Finally, the room was very small compare to other 4 star double rooms we have stayed in Madrid and other European cities. Please stay away from this terrible hotel run by a terrible manager!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Worlds_of_Wonder
<Content>A bully good hotel in Madrid My family rented 3 rooms in this hotel as a result of research done using Tripadvisor.com and a Frommer's guide. The hotel was a winner. The rooms we had were on the 5th floor (2 twins superior and 1 double superior). If you have the opportunity to get 1 room, get 504 (there may be a penthouse on the 6th floor, but I don't know anything about it). All the rooms are spacious, clean, and well equipped. The rooms had good sundries, free mini bar, and two (at least) had jacuzzi tubs. The TV offerings--if you foolishly spend any time in your room--were good.The location was great--within 5-10 minutes of 2 major subway stations (Callao and Sol), 20 minutes from the main Madrid train station (Atocha), and close to the airport. It is also not that hard to walk to major areas like the Royal Palace or the glorious El Prado museum. There are also a number of good restaurants and large department stores close to the hotel.We did not have cause to deal with the staff, but found the front desk staff quite professional during check-in/check-out.The 1 downside to this hotel is its cost, but I think it worth it. You can hear some street noise (e.g., sirens), but it is not noteworthy.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>rocketguy2
<Content>Great hotel, great location As with the other reviews, we had a great experience at this hotel. The location really is superb, with two different metro stops a few minutes away. While there are lots of places nearby to eat, we had reason to stay in the hotel one evening, and found that the food at the hotel restaurant was excellent. The breakfasts there are very pricey, however, so we usually walked two blocks to a small cafe called Domingo's (recommended by the hotel staff) - low prices and good food.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>DrSGPrice
<Content>Sorry to Leave We booked online and had excellent, responsive email follow-ups. The hotel is an excellent location, convenient to two Metro stations and many enjoyable eateries with outdoor tables. The suite we booked for three was comfortable with excellent amenities, and it was ringed by balconies. The bathroom included a stall shower and a bathtub with shower and whirlpool. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the breakfast buffet was attractive and ample, with excellent serving staff. We had a really good time!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>muchachas
<Content>great hotel Our family stayed at Hotel Preciados for a total of 5 nights. The hotel staff was great and all of our hotel needs were met with much kindness and respect. We had a suite which had a very nice pull out couch for 2, a seperate bedroom with a wonderful king size bed, 2 flat screen televisions, the marble bathroom with a double sink, jacuzzi tub and shower was very nice. It was also nice to have free internet service. They stored some of our suitcases while we traveled around Spain. The hotel also offers a free mini bar filled with something for everyone. The staff was SUPER !  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beetleman
<Content>Well located - great and reasonably priced hotel We spent four days in Madrid at the Hotel Preciados and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel both in its convenient location (near Puerto del Sol, busy Calle Preciados, Gran Via and gay Chueca. The hotel staff was pleasant and spoke enough English to make up for our lack of Spanish. We upgraded to a room with a terrace (because they were having a July special) and found it quite nice. Although the room didn't face the street, it had a nice little private terrace that you could sit out on with rooftop views. Our first day we got an afternoon surprise of a bag of chocolates and got additional chocolates every afternoon. The free mini bar was nice although i'd have preferred more waters (2 daily) and less of the other stuff - but that's just us. You can't complain about a free mini-bar. We got a uniquely shaped room that included a little desk area and the hotel had wireless internet with a strong signal.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dangerpre
<Content>Quaint Hotel in Great Location The Hotel Preciados is centrally located in downtown Madrid, on Plaza Santo Domingo, a few blocks from the Royal Palace and the major attractions. The hotel is clean and modern and the staff are knowledgeable and friendly. I stayed there with my wife and 1-year old daughter. We would definitively stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Luisp8
<Content>A gem of a hotel Situated in a quiet street off Plaza St. Domingo, this hotel is an unpretentious little gem. We stay two nights in July. The bedroom and the bathroom were clean and spacious enough for our needs. The beds were of good quality and the staff was friendly and capable in handling our English queries. We had a room with a balcony but with a double glass window and we notice no noise from outside or from within the hotel. The contents of the mini-bar (no hard liquor) were on the house. The location was perfect 鈥?a few meters from the metro station of Santo Domingo, with the Callao station a few minutes walk away. Puerta Del Sol is a five minutes walk and Gran Via even less. Many restaurants and cafes within a 100m radius. Minor criticism would be one only English TV channel (CNN). Beautiful city, lovely hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Juan45
<Content>Good Location I had a single room for one night and was frankly a bit disappointed at the room, which was a bit cell-like without a view. On the other hand I hadn't paid a lot for it and what I saw of the rest of the hotel was pleasant enough, The breakfast was on the scarce side of adequate and as there are plenty of cafes within a short stroll I'd go for that option instead.The room was well appointed in a modern style and very clean. Next time I'll aim for a double.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SandyBolzano
<Content>nice place The Preciados is in an excellent location, close to Grand Via, but in a quiet side-street. Very clean, pleasant and friendly staff. A good place to stay in Madrid.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>diva2
<Content>A real find! We have just arrived home having spent 3 nights at this hotel. We couldn't fault it - room was airconditioned and immaculate. Sound proofing was also an added bonus as it is very central and Madrid can be quite noisy in the early hours. Staff were friendly and able to give advice on city tours etc. Breakfast wasn't included and was quite expensive but we discovered a Chocolaterie round the corner so went there for chocolate and churros. Free mini bar was replenished daily! Ideally situated for exploring Madrid. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fandangledan
<Content>Amazing hotel, perfect location.       Double Room  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>rogtravel
<Content>Wonderful Place to stay in Madrid We booked this hotel due to its central location and Trip Advisor ratings and weren't disappointed. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfasts were excellent and we ate a nice dinner one night in their restaurant when we were too tired to go back out. The bathroom was huge and the price was reasonable--nice contrasts with Barcelona. The room itself was adequate. There are lots of great restaurants and tapas bars in Madrid but be sure to try La Casa del Abuelo (Near Puerto del Sol) for shrimp with garlic.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pemtca
<Content>Great hotel The Preciados is in an excellent location, close to Grand Via, but in a quiet side-street. Rooms were also soundproofed. Immaculately clean, pleasant staff, not the biggest room in the world, but perfectly sufficient for a short stay in Madrid. Free mini-bar is a bonus.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Bkk_traveler
<Content>BKK-traveler I read the review and chose this hotel....The result was fantastic...everybody in my family loved this hotel.. the service was so attentive... When we wanted to go to Atocha station helped us by calling a taxi and brought our lugguage to the taxi !!! many thumbs up!!! The bad thing was that they didn't include the breakfast in the accomodation price but I didn't care cos in the neraby area u could find great cafe!.. but would prefer to have breakfast in the accomodation's price.... u should try and u will love this property..PS. I love Mini bar...it's free and has loads of Coca Cola, orange juices, mineral water and beer!!!! Love it!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcnallyb
<Content>Would stay here again We stayed at Hotel Preciados for thee nights in May 2007, and would stay here again if we ever came back. Great location, very quite rooms, clean, and helpful staff. The staff pointed us to an area away from the touristy restaurants that we visited every night.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nicklx
<Content>Great hotel Very good central location, comfortable big rooms. On a quiet side street. Easy access to metro 2 minutes walk.Helpful staff - speaks english.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mayochick
<Content>loved the location i have to admit that i thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this hotel,it was so central to the shops restaurants etc.Staff were ever so helpful with any requests we had. The mini bar was also re-stocked everyday,which i had read on some reviews didnt happen. Cannot fault the place and would stay there again if i went back.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlcarlson
<Content>Couldn't have been better       hotel  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>familytraveler5
<Content>Just right! We stayed for 5 nights in two rooms for our family of 5. The Preciados was perfect for our family. The rooms were clean, quiet and comfortable. The staff was friendly, helpful and professional. The location was perfect, close to sites, metro, shopping but not in the heart of the really busy pedestrian area. I would highly recommend the Preciados for any family, just asked to have the porn on your TV blocked!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaraEastMidlands
<Content>Understated elegance, central, helpful staff Fab location - walked wherever we wanted to go. Clean, stylish room - wood, marble, crisp white sheets - but ask for a room with a view as ours had none! Appreciated free minibar. staff helpful. As noted in other reviews - breakfast expensive. Helpful staff - booking excursions etc. Recommended!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>twentyeight
<Content>Ideal Lodgings We have just returned from Madrid where we were fortunate enough to stay at the Preciados. The location is central, within easy reach of the Palace and the Prado and right next to a very busy shopping precinct. There are many eating places and bars within walking distance. The hotel itself is modern with some character and has adequately sized rooms and good bathrooms. The staff were friendly and helpful. Just a little warning about Madrid in general. We found the lack of those speaking English quite a challenge but the Madrillenos are friendly and will go along with the odd word and the holding up of fingers to indicate numbers. Madrid, however, is a beautiful city and well worth a visit.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rochelle.alexis
<Content>Simple Hotel in the center of everything!       enterance to Plaze Mayor  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>GOBEAVS96
<Content>Liked Preciados A Lot       M.R  Kids at Plaza Mayor  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wearywary
<Content>Great location for central Madrid My wife and I stayed for a week at the Hotel Preciados in September 2004. Being forewarned not to let the taxi drop us at the end of the pedestrian mall, we were driven to the hotel entrance on a narrow side street. The reception was efficient and our rooftop room with balcony and large bath with whirlpool tub was great. There was no scenic view; instead have lunch at the top of Ingles department store nearby for a city view. Be aware that the suites are still small by American standards, but still larger than most. The small in-room frig was kept filled each day with cold beverages at no charge. The staff we dealt with were not strongly proficient in English, but skilled enough to direct us where to find what we were looking for. The Plaza Mayor, the Palace, and great shopping were all within easy walking distance as well as several great restaurants. Everything else was accessible via the subway only five minutes away by foot. A small but excellent restaurant adjoins the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cyntia
<Content>Nice little hotel Nice hotel with wonderful staff. Near all the major sites of the old city. Double rooms have chaming balconies and slanted celings. Hotel is newish and immaculately clean. Breakfast is good but very over priced - go out the door and you'll find dozens of nice cafes. I'd stay here again .  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Couso9279
<Content>Highly Recommendable in the heart of Madrid If you are looking for a well placed, well run and value for money hotel in the centre of Madrid I would highly recommend that you consider the Hotel Preciados.Preciados is situated in a quiet road literally a 5-6 min stroll to the Plaza P. del Sol in the one direction and down the hill to the Opera house in the other direction. The Prado museum takes about 15 minutes to walk to and you have the underground station nearby. You cannot get more central in Madrid. We received the help we needed from the hotel staff who as far as I could judge spoke reasonable english.The 4* hotel has a minimalistic style which pleased all of the 16 strong group of mature teachers, of which I was one. We have travelled around europe both as a group and as individuals and know a little about hotels. This hotel rates up in the top bracket.I think american tourists will find the rooms a tad too small.We paid 鈧?25 + 7% taxes for the double rooms. A very good breakfast is included. For a so well placed hotel in a major capital city and tourist destination we found these rates to be reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Mojie
<Content>Great stay! Had a fun 3 day stay in September 2006. Location is great -- near shopping, subway and some interesting restaurants. Rooms are very clean and modern with nice baths. Staff was very helpful and front desk helped with our local bookings. I was not impressed by their breakfast offering -- it was expensive and not very good. This was a blessing, as it forced us to discover some interesting local breakfast spots nearby.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>wtanih
<Content>A very pleasant stay indeed Stayed here for 2 nights and found the location absolutely ideal for the tourist haunts. Our room was well air-conditioned with a good size standard room and bathroom. The staff were attentive to our modest needs. They parked the car and brought it back to the front when we were leaving. Never use hotel restaurants for meals, however in the square next to the hotel there were numerous restaurants/bars/cafeterias to have meals or breakfasts in the morning. All in all a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>OnVacation17
<Content>A Very Good Hotel at a Very Good Price This was a very good surprise in Madrid: The rate was extremely good (90 euros/night, booked about 2 months in advance); included internet, minibar complimentary; was Exceptionally Clean; Recently renovated; Quiet; Well located (short cab ride or walk to Prado in one direction; Mayor Square in the other); very friendly. I was extremely happy with this hotel and would recommend it if you're looking for a smaller hotel that is quiet and well located.Note, it did not have exercise facilities and the on site restaurant was pricey; however, eating options were readily available at a number of restaurants within 1 to 3 minute walk.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Tranquila
<Content>Junior Suite...not; 3-star...not I booked a junior suite for 180 euros and was disappointed to find a room that could easily have been a standard room. There was no sitting area, unless a desk with a chair qualifies for one.There was also just about enough space to walk around the bed. The only benefit seems to be that it was on the top floor and had a small terrace. All in all, the price did not befit the quality and space so I was really tempted to switch hotels entirely. Still, the man at tthe front desk did genuinely appear to do his best, apologizing that all other rooms on the top floor was fully booked. I am not sure if that room was actually a junior suite or not...perhaps they were sold out of this type of room and assigned me another slightly superior room. While my original plan was to stay for two nights, I decided to accept the offer of two abutting standard rooms on the first floor for one night. Having spent some time in both of these rooms, I must say that there are a couple of problems...first the intense smell that gave me a headache...it麓s a mixture of heavy body odor and aggressive cleaning agents. If you are sensitive to chemicals as I am, you will not want to stay at this hotel. I am trying my best to spend as little time as possible in the room. While I tried to air out the room by keeping the window open, it is VERY noisy when the two sets of glass doors are not closed securely.Each room is very small, the furniture is worn and the toilet seat is stained. This is definitely more of a 3-star hotel in a noisy, busy area. It was error in judgement on my part for selecting this location as well. This is akin to staying in Times Square in NY. Not a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel in a great location We stayed at the Preciados in mid-May, 2006. Arriving at the hotel at 9 AM we were surprised but grateful that we were able to get into our rooms well before the stated check-in time. Rooms were large by European standards (there was room to walk around the bed AND store the suitcases!). Though there was no dresser, the closet provided shelves and hanging space, as well as a room safe. The complimentary mini-bar mineral water and soft drinks were very welcome to dehydrated travelers! Beds were not very soft (this seems to be a European hotel thing too) but the several pillows that were provided helped. Air conditioning worked well and the bathrooms were excellent, with big bath towels and an enormous tub. Hotel staff are very helpful and speak English well. Breakfast in the restaurant was good, although relatively expensive. Great fresh orange juice, coffee and sliced Spanish hams. A note: if you need train tickets or other travel help, try Viajes Zepplin just around the corner from the Preciados. While the staff there did not speak English well, they were incredibly patient and careful, making sure we got exactly what we wanted. Best feature: location, location, location! Easy access to the metro, easy walking distance to many city must-sees.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jrw89144
<Content>Excellent Hotel We spent two nights at the Preciados at the end of May 2006 and felt it was an excellent hotel and really enjoyed our stay. Staff was friendly and helpful. We loved the room and the bathroom was one of the best we鈥檝e seen. We had a top floor unit with a sun roof in the bathroom and a terrace. Everything was very clean and neat. The free mini bar is a nice touch. The bed was very comfortable and the AC worked perfectly. The sound proof windows blocked out the outside noise nicely. The location of this hotel is really unbeatable; it is near many tourist areas, shopping, buses and restaurants. Morning breakfast was good with great coffee. It鈥檚 a little high in price but, didn鈥檛 mind paying it since everything was perfect at the Preciados. Next time we come to Madrid we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb hotel/location/food What a superb gem in Madrid.Clean. well presented. excellent food/wine and well priced.After reading some reviews I thought I was at a different hotelReception staff very nice, restaurant is a class act.The presentation and food were first class.The rooms excellent clean and well presented. Quiet location.Go in the restaurant for the set menu - daily changed 12 euros(01.00-16.00 hours)for starter of the a la carte menu then 3 options main course . sweet bread and wine.All for 12 euros in a city .fantastic valueAnd, had a la carte for main meals great choice and value. Already booked again with (--) for february next year. GO AND ENJOY.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location Location Location!!! but poor air con Stayed here for 2 nights from 5th May  I have to say this place is all about location. It's conveniently located a short distance between 2 metro stations and just yards from one of the main shopping streets in Madrid. Also a very short distance from many of the main attractions the city has to offer - and for those farther afield you can always jump on the metro.We had a 'Superior Double' with a lovely little terrace. Room was a good size, bathroom was excellent but I have to say it is let down by the air conditioning which actually made the room warmer rather than cooler!! Wasn't too concerned as we weren't in there much, but light sleepers may be bothered particularly on warm evenings. Don't bother with paying for breakfast - there are some nice local cafe's where you'll pay far less  get to sit in the sun  soak up the great atmosphere.To conclude, great location, lovely room but I believe it is slightly over priced and something has to be done about the air con!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mascarasnake
<Content>great location The location of this hotel is perfect, near the centre with shops and bars, just far away from the busiest area so that noise levels at night doesnt keep you awake. I chose this hotel from tripadvisor reviews as it had a high score. I had booked superior rooms, to have balcony and whirlpool bath. The rooms were adequate and very clean. I had trouble operating the whirlpool bath - the reception staff were not very helpful with this. When I found the instructions - it was fine - the instructions were a little out of sight!!Breakfast charge was 15 euros - In my opinion it was poor- along with the service. The food on the hot counter was cold. There were four of us - we decided to have breakfast at a local cafe for the rest of our stay - much better and at half the price. There was no bar lounge - the bar was in the restaurant with just two stools - missed coming in and chilling out over a cool drink or coffee.The plus for this hotel is the location, and I would recommend the hotel for a short stay.4* is perhaps being very kind - I would of thought more like 3*. Madrid is a colourful and vibrant city - we had a great break.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location with helpful staff Just spent three days in Madrid with 5 friends. As I booked the hotel I was slightly anxious, but I need not have worried. Rooms are smallish but we were out so much enjoying Madrid that wasn't important. Staff at reception were really helpful, even booked us a table at a restaurant where reservations wern't accepted. The free mini was very welcome, and big enough for your own 2 litres of water. Location was a big advantage, walking distance to most sights and two steps from the metro.We had a brillant time in Madrid, great food, wine and sunshine. One thug did try to pickpocket my handbag on the busy metro but we caught him and he had to suffer 6 angry women until the next stop! Would recommend this hotel for people who like business comfort in a good location, with nice staff.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kamante
<Content>room very hot in March       room 305  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect spot in madrid After much study of where to stay in Madrid we decided to stay at the Preciados and couldn't have been happier. Starting with the warm, cheerful greeting at the front desk to the spotless rooms, we were happy with the spot our entire stay. As we wandered Madrid, we also realized we couldn't have found a better location. we walked everywhere and found great cafes, shopping, historic sites nearby. Friends staying near the Prado admitted we were in the better location. You can't go wrong with the Preciados!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixture of pros and cons I travel a lot worldwide and I always choose my hotels carefully to align with my needs (price is a secondary issue - this room was 135 EUR, which is average for Madrid)Hotel Preciados is a clear mixture of very good and very bad things:Cons:- the air conditionning just does not work (confirmation of previous comments). It does some noise but the temperature stays high (about 23-25C)- the beds are very small and on wheels (they move all the time)- some of the staff was terrible, one older lady was perfect and very helpul- my room had a view on a wall a meter away form the window (NOTE: this is actually a 'Pro' for me as I asked for a very qiuiet room and did not care about the view at all)- you can easily hear other guests walking above you, flushing water etc- TV coverage poor (both amount of stations and quality of the picture, some channels were really bad)- the safe was not workingPros:- the location- free wireless internet access- free minibar- the beds are hard- the room was clean- the size of the room is OK (not enormous but I do not intend to play football here)Overall average. I will probably not stay again, but this would be my forst choice if other hotels are occupied.I think it is great if you are here for one or two nights and do not know Madrid (good location). If I was to stay a week I would chose something else.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>howardde
<Content>An incredible Value I booked this hotel based on the reviews here and was not disappointed. We paid something like $90 ahead of time booking directly through the hotel's website. When we got there, we paid an extra $25 a night to get upgraded to a penthouse room...definitely worth it, in my opinion. Reason why: you have skylights throughout the bathroom and juliet balconies in the bedroom and very high ceilings.As has been mentioned in prior reviews, the floors are marble and wood. The bathroom was all marble and had a jacuzzi tub. Everything looked brandnew and was extremely clean. What's suprising is that the lobby/restaurant decor do not live up to the rooms at all! Usually its the other way around, but the lobby looked like something out of a 1980's British hotel whereas the rooms were creams and rich woodtones and very contemporary (looked nautical, almost like a ship).In any case, if you can get a good deal on this hotel, take it.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>YoungIrishman
<Content>What a great hotel Everything about this hotel is excellent. The location of the hotel could not be better, right in the middle of the city surrounded by shops  restaurants  in a nice area. The hotel itself is clean, modern and full of character. The staff could not have been more helpful. The food was great, the rooms were average size but immaculately clean. There was a broadband terminal in the bedroom and I was able to connect my computer to it  listen to the radio at home  to an all important Munster rugby game over the internet. The bedroom floor was both marble and a mahogony type wood - really nice! The complimentary mini-bar was nice in the evening after a day of shopping. It was our first visit to Madrid  I must admit we were not overly impressed by the city. A failed attempt by a pick-pocket to steal my mobile probably colours my view of the city a little. It is a nice city but we go to Barcelona each year during August  it is far superior to Madrid in almost every respect! However, if I were ever to return to Madrid, I know exactly where I would be staying! Nothing I would say could could do justice to this hotel. For the money (鈧?0 per night, bedroom only), it was simply one of the best value hotels that we have stayed in . I simply could not speak highly enough of this hotel! I could not imagine anybody finding fault with it.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Favourite hotel My husband and I walked by the Hotel Preciados while we were staying elsewhere in Madrid and decided to change hotels to this one. Wonderful hotel, comfy beds, great service. The room was a little small but still very comfortable. The breakfast was amazing.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TomNSyl
<Content>Great Location and Staff We stayed here after reading reviews on this site and have to agree that this was a very nice place. The hotel staff spoke English for those of you who may not speak Spanish. Location was very close to the Metro (about 1 block) You can get there by taking the Metro from the Airport, its a long ride but only cost 1 Euro/person. From the hotel you can walk to Plaza del Sol or Mayor ... Lots to see and do on foot or just hop on the Metro.The mini bar was well stocked and free. Internet access was a pay service, but I was able to use an available free access point from my room as well. Note: If you go out late, and who doesn't in Mardid, don't be surprised if the doors are locked when you home back. Also, its dry in Mardid so it was a bit hard to sleep in the warm dry room.We liked this place enough to book another night on our return thru Madrid.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience My wife and I stayed at Hotel Preciados on the first week our honeymoon. Wonderful location that put us in the heart of Madrid close to great shopping and eating. Easy taxi and subway connections to all sights. Top floor suite had large bath and private balcony. Some of hotel staff were less than proficient in English, but worked hard to be helpful with any request. A near-perfect stay!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>crackofdawn
<Content>Watching the Reviews of Preciados... Since we stayed in the Hotel Preciados over a year ago, I've enjoyed reading the reviews -- you always wonder if you just hit the hotel on a good week. It seems that the reviews since mine have been equally positive and I just wanted to drop in a review to recognize the Prciados' continued good service. My Wife and I hold fond memories of our visit to Madrid and many thanks to Preciados for our stay!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overbookings - be very aware The intention of the weekend was to take my recently widowed mother away for a relaxing weekend (October 2005). The intention was not helped by the Hotel Preciados.Having trawled the net (including reviewing Trip Advisor) to ensure we made the best decision as to the hotel in which we would stay in Madrid, we decided on the Hotel Preciados. The reviews on Trip Advisor in the main seemed quite good. Our concern at the hotel not taking payment at the point of booking - even though we booked directly through the hotels website - was confirmed when we came to check in. The booking through the hotel website appears to be worthless!We arrived at the Hotel (Friday at 10:30pm), and were informed that there was trouble with the 2 rooms that were allotted to us. We are still trying to work out why we were not informed that there was a problem before we left the UK, after all the hotel had all our contact details, and we could have searched for alternatives. The policy appears to be to overbook the rooms and the rooms are allocated on a first come first served basis. If you do not arrive early enough - you have to trust to a lottery as to whether you rely on the Hotel Preciados to find you a replacement or do you find an alternative yourself? - the opportunity to review alternative hotels and its room rates is not available when your stood in reception in a hotel that claims to have no rooms!We were advised that the Hotel had made an alternative booking. It being 10:30pm on a Friday night which was incredibly busy due to 3 major sporting events; the Madrid Open (golf), The Madrid Masters (Tennis) and the Madrid derby (football); we had little choice but to accept the reservation that the Hotel had made. We were informed that we were welcome to return to the Hotel Preciados on the Saturday night!! but there was no room on the Friday night. Needless to say if our money wasnt good enough on the Friday night then we werent going to help the Hotel Preciados by occupying its rooms on the Saturday! Having accepted the alternative offered by the Hotel, we were walked to that replacement hotel by the bell boy - about a 5-10 minute walk through the streets of Madrid.I am anxious that others who book directly with the Hotel preciados are aware that they may well end up staying somewhere else in Madrid. Madrid was a wonderful city, the alternative accomodation was satisfactory and we would happily return to Madrid but will definitely not be wasting our time or money trying to stay at the Hotel Preciados.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baltohon
<Content>Loved It We stayed 3 nights. Our room was modern, a bit smallish, but well laid out, and the bed was very comfortable. Firm mattress, but not too hard, and real feather pillows. Great bathroom. Small balcony overlooking a side street. Tad noisy at night because we kept the windows open. Only disappointment was that we could not get a NS room, but our room was so nice, and with the window open the smell dissipated quickly. We didn't even change when we had the chance. Mini-bar was complimentary. A few soft drinks and a beer or two, but very welcome!Close to Callao metro. I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kad
<Content>Excellent choice but get there early We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Preciados Hotel (6 to 10 October 05). The only reason I do not give this hotel full marks is that we arrived late (about 2215 hrs) and, despite having phoned about 10 days in advance to advise that we would check-in late, the hotel claimed not to have a room for us due to problems with electricity (even though outside it was lit up like the Blackpool illuminations). They had, however, organised another hotel which was pleasant and close by and we only had to stay there one night (we would have been seriously hacked-off if it had been for more than one night). When we returned to the Preciados the next morning, we were able to check in almost immediately and I think the problem was one of overbooking rather than anything to do with electricity, which is why I recommend getting to the hotel early.Anyway, as for the hotel, it is in an excellent location, close to Plaza de Santo Domingo metro (red line, no 2) and minutes from the Gran Via. The metro system is excellent and we bought a 10-journey ticket for Euros 5.80 (we passed the ticket between us, which is allowed). Lots of places are within walking distance (Sol, Plaza Mayor and the Prado/Thyssen Museums, the Royal Palace etc if you have comfy shoes). The room was not large but was modern, clean and well appointed, with a good-sized bathroom (and big, fluffy towels!). The free mini-bar is a god-send after hours of walking! The hotel fronts a busy-ish street but our room was round the corner on a quieter street and, in any case, the rooms have electric shutters which block out the majority of outside noise and a good air-con system which drowns out most internal noise. We were amazed at how quiet it was when you saw how close it was to the incredibly noisy Gran Via!The desk staff were helpful (though I'm not sure how much was due to the fact that I speak passable Spanish). The person in the room prior to us had shut the safe, despite the instructions telling you not to, so I went down and asked someone to come up and sort it out, which was done in minutes. I had asked for extra pillows before going out on our first night and we arrived back to no extra pillows. I phoned Reception a couple of times to try and sort it out but there was obviously a fault with the phone (I could hear them but they could not hear me) but someone turned up at the door within about 5 minutes to find out what the problem was. They were happy to keep our bags on the last day as we checked out about 1100 hrs and then came back for them at 1700 hrs, so that was very useful.As a gesture for messing us about on arrival, we were provided with free breakfast. The food was very nice and there was a good selection (fruit, cold meats/cheese and pastries) but it was a bit shambolic - the room used (the hotel's restaurant) is not big and we struggled each morning to find a clean table with cutlery. There only seemed to be one girl who was trying to do everything (clear tables, make them up, make coffee) so it was a bit hit and miss about how long you had to wait but we weren't bothered. The only bad point was that we decided to have a slightly longer lie-in on our last morning so did not get down until about 1000 hrs - it was as if locusts had been and taken just about everything! I don't know whether it was replenished after we had gone but we had our coffee and a few bits and pieces and left to the sound of grumbles from people who had arrived even later than us!All in all, this was a very good choice of hotel which lived up to the reviews we had read, so much so that my husband is going to recommend it to work colleagues who travel out to Madrid on business. My one gripe (a small one and one which I have for lots of hotels, not just the Preciados) is that they do not offer a choice of feather or synthetic pillows - I cannot abide synthetic pillows as they are either lumpy or it's like putting your head on a marshmallow but, for the 3 nights we were there, I could live with it!One word of warning - on all my visits to Madrid, I have been targetted by pickpockets or people trying to rip you off. This time, we were walking along a quiet street near the Plaza Mayor at about 2000 hrs. A guy approached us asking in Spanish for directions and, as we were looking at his map, two other guys appeared, flashing police cards and badges and demanding to see identity papers. We smelled a rat straight away and walked off and, based on the fact that we were not challenged by the so-called policemen, this must have been a scam though I am unclear what the purpose was. Sad to say, if anyone asks for help then my advice is to walk away unless you are 100% certain that they are genuine (if we had thought about it at the time, why would a Spanish-speaking person ask obvious tourists for directions, it just doesn't make sense).  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great modern central hotel A lovely oasis in Madrid. Close to all of the sights but in a quiet corner so you are not bothered by the noisy streets. The rooms are very modern and clean and of a superior standard. The staff are really friendly and helpful too.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel loved this hotel. centrally located, great price, nice size room, quiet, great shutters that shut out all the light so you can siesta during the day. only minor complaint is that the temperature of the water varies when you shower. i think if someone on the floor above you flushes the toilet or something the water temp in the shower first gets really hot then cold before it returns to the temp I had set. really minor complaint though. this hotel was great.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>essjay2
<Content>A great choice My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in Mid-August for a city break. We got a good late deal price from an online holiday shop. I would recommend this hotel. It's in a brilliant location, close to the main shopping area and not too far to walk to the main square and Palacio Real, in fact you can walk most places even to the Prado and other galleries but this is a longer walk! Having said that the street was not noisy and we were able to sleep well in the comfort of air conditioning - I'm sure this is essential for August! The hotel is smart and stylish and feels very clean. The rooms are spacious enough with cool wooden floors, marble bathroom and modern wooden furniture. The shower was lovely - quite powerful and we had a bidet too. Plus, it's true the mini bar is totally free! Obviously it's not full of spirits but there was a couple of beers, soft drinks, fruit juice and mineral water which were replaced each day when we had drunk them! Staff were very friendly and helpful and most spoke good english. On the down side, our breakfast was not included and seemed expensive - we went to a cafe down the road for some toast  coffee instead. It's a shame that the hotel hasn't more of a lounge/bar space to sit in the evening (there is a bar in the restaurant) but there is so much choice close by in the city that perhaps you wouldn't use it anyway. The roof terrace was interesting to go and see though far too hot to stay out there - no chairs either.This hotel is a good choice for Couples, Business travellers and families alike.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hmac
<Content>Modern, clean and excellent value My husband and I stayed here for two nights in June 2005 and we were very impressed overall. Our room was small but really clean and very modern: I loved the polished wooden floor, and the pale wood effect finishes kept it very bright. The bathroom was quite small but was sensibly laid out and thus seemed bigger than it actually was - and it was beautifully clean with plenty of toiletries etc. Our room did look to be one of the smallest and looked over a very dull side street (we booked the day before, literally, and got the last one available I think, at a very good rate) but we still liked it a lot. As other reviewers have mentioned, the minibar is free which is great - and you can just about squeeze a bottle of cava in there to chill if you want (the basement supermarket at El Corte Ingles at the top of the street is useful for this!). There are two metro stations very close by (I was about to write 'within a few minutes walk' but they're better than that - for a fast walker like me you could almost count it in seconds!) and the main square, palace etc. are all within easy walking distance - in fact, walking back late after a day sightseeing and an evening trying different tapas bars, it was really good fun to walk back to the hotel through all the busy streets. The lobby area is small and there didn't seem to be much atmosphere at the hotel - but there's more than enough out on the streets so who cares! The staff were all very friendly and helpful.I will definitely try and stay here again when we return with our teenaged daughter later in the year.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Katya10
<Content>Overall good stay, good price Stayed for four nights here for our honeymoon, May 2005. This hotel has a great location, first of all (and for having such a location, the rates were very reasonable); Right in the thick of things, and near at least three Metro stops. Our room was very nice, with two balconies (as we'd requested) although not so great of a view. Food was good, wireless internet access in the room was very appreciated, beds were comfy, noise level was practically non-existant, even from the busy street below. (Watch out for the XXX channel; it flashes current programming for about four seconds before going to the blocked content page. If we'd had kids with us, we'd have careful explaining to do to them.)Our main complaint was that the hotel staff didn't seem to speak much English, nor did they understand my husband's Spanish. It got very frustrating.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lorero
<Content>Outstanding! I have stayed at this hotel three times. The first was just a lucky guess while browsing the Internet, and the other two are because I just plain love it! Running down the list of key factors to consider:Service: top-notch, always! The staff really goes out of their way to help any way they can.Rooms: fantastic layout, well-maintained, nicely equipped, and comfy. Special features: free minibar fridge. Yep, you get juices, soft drinks, water, beers, and more, and you can consume all of it on a daliy basis free of charge. That shows class. The bathroom has a nice sized tub with air jets (jacuzzi effect). Ask at reception how to use it, or lay out about 20 towels on the floor the first time. Windows keep out all but the loudest street noises, but you can hear stuff from adjacent rooms.Location: the best. About 1 kilometer from the true center of the city (Puerta del Sol), but it is somehow on a quiet street. By the way, there is no such thing as a safe street in Madrid, but the safety is above average for its specific location. Many attractions nearby, plus a subway station about 200 meters away.Breakfast: a buffet style assortment which is not too varied, but nicely selected. The staff is really nice there too, so just ask for your eggs any way you want them, etc. I am an iced tea lover, and each morning (after the first, when I expressed an interest) thereafter it was freshly brewed for me. Granted, iced tea is a simple thing, but what I liked was the caring service.Price: a bit pricey, but well worth it!Amenities: not many. The lobby is small but cozy, and in back there is a bar exclusively for guests of the hotel. The restaurant offers good food, but if you are in Madrid you should eat out. Healthy eaters tip: the best salad bar in Madrid is at VIPS (they are all over the place, and some have the salad bar.) I bet you did not know they had salads in Madrid. Ha ha, a little hotel review humor.Besides this, I have absolutely no complaints. Well okay, just one: there is no gym in the hotel. If you want to work out during your stay in Madrid it will cost you.I most emphatically recommend this hotel, so do yourself a favor and give this place careful consideration.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Amanda-James
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I recently booked a trip to Madrid for my boyfriend's birthday and we stayed at Hotel Preciados.The hotel itself was easy to get to, we used the underground system from the airport and was very centrally located.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and our room was lovely - on the roof with a balcony - definitely worth the upgrade.Would recommend the hotel to anyone staying in Madrid and hope you have as good a time there as we did.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ohmirose
<Content>Great location and Euro-modern rooms Looks just like a typical Spanish apartment building with tiny wrought iron balcony in front of each window facing the street--too small to be usable. Our room was one with a balcony facing a busy street but room was very quiet. Recently updated with euro-modern blond wood built-in headboard, nightstands. Drawers in closet. Complicated shower handles and hard to reach from the side. Some kind of heater behind mirror eliminates fog from showers--a nice touch. Wood floors not swept. Yucky to walk on barefoot. Lots of bath amenities: hair dryer, magnifying mirror mounted on wall, body size bath towels.Good lighting everywhere. Good A/C. No lobby. Extra blankets provided.Within walking distance of shopping and restaurants. Across the street from 8-story department store that has no women's fashions. But a branch of the store (Corte Ingles) is only 1 or 2 blocks away. Can walk to Plaza Major.Breakfast is buffet style and included in price of room. Fried eggs on white toast that sat around too long in warming tray. Undercooked, watery scrambled eggs, canned peaches, fresh pineapple, kiwi. Smoked salmon, assorted sliced smoked sausages, a few cheese slices, yogurt, dry-looking sweet rolls. Only espresso available.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KC305
<Content>Fantastic room, with a view       Hotel Preciados  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rlemon
<Content>The Preciados Was Peachy The Preciados internet price was a draw, and so was the location. This was my second visit to Madrid, and I wanted to stay in a different neighborhood than before (near the Prado). The hotel is well-situated as well as clean and comfortable. The rooms had been recently refurbished and the free mini-bar was stocked well. There can be noise transmission from room to room, although it was not bothersome at the time. I think the hotel was only half full. The hotel is located near the largest El Corte Ingles department store in Madrid, and the cab ride to Atocha, or the Prado or Thyssen-Bornemisza museums is quick and inexpensive.There are restaurants in the area that would fit a variety of pocket books.The staff at the hotel was courteous and helpful; the breakfast buffet was good; the restaurant decent; there is a bar behind the lobby, that doesn't count for much--although furnished in good taste, there are no windows and poor ventilatilion, so if there were a smoker or two in the room, we had to leave. They did have coffee, teas, brandies and so on, and it could be a pleasant place for an after-dinner treat. When we arrived, there was no one available to help us with the luggage--it is a small hotel--but on our departure, there was help available. While we were there (mid December, 2004), one of the two guest elevators was being repaired. We joked about it taking so long. Nearly three weeks later (now January of 2005) we returned, and there were still men working on the elevator. Yes, I would stay at the Preciados again, yet if I return, I want to learn another little neighborhood.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adethomp
<Content>Well worth a visit What a great hotel! My wife and I stayed here over the Christmas period and have to say that it is one of the better appointed hotels that we have stayed at of late.First off 鈥?Location. It is situated right slap bang in the centre of Madrid鈥檚 shopping area, so if you don鈥檛 like shopping, look elsewhere. Being married to a shopaholic, the hotel was ideally placed for us. It made a great base from which to explore the whole of central Madrid鈥檚 shops and restaurants.Arrival, First Impressions. Very clean looking exterior and reception area. While it was not the biggest reception area I have seen, it was very clean with tasteful d茅cor.Checking In. We found the receptionist on arrival (as with all of them throughout our stay) to be very courteous and have a very good understanding of English. The porter had gone walkies so we had to find our own way to our room, but this was not a problem really.The room. Very, Very nice! Wooden floors, minimal but tasteful d茅cor. A very good sized room with a nice comfy bed. The bathroom was really nice, marble throughout the floor and walls with one wall above the sink area being mirrored and a good power shower over bath combo! Noise? None at all, you would expect a little street noise being right in the middle of the city but the rooms are so well soundproofed you may as well have been sleeping in the middle of a field because it was silent! The minibar is stocked with bottled water and various juices with the odd bottle of beer, but it was all free and stocked up every day when the room was serviced, a very welcome addition.The hotel has a good restaurant and bar but unfortunately we did not try either of these but both looked to be of good quality. One restaurant I can recommend to you is Tres Encina, about three buildings up from the hotel. You can鈥檛 miss it, it鈥檚 the one with the amazing display of fresh seafood in the window. It鈥檚 a little bit pricey, but worth it, the food is great and the service is fantastic!I will be returning to Madrid in the future and will definitely be returning to Hotel Preciados for my stay as I could not find anything at all to fault about the place. It is definitely worth a visit if you like taking city breaks.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location, great hotel We stayed for four nights in a junior suite, and were absolutely delighted with the accommodation. The location is excellent, central but not on a main thoroughfare, and within easy walking distance of most of the main attractions. There are lots of shops, cafes and restaurants within two minutes of the hotel, including Starbucks whic was very handy for breakfast! The hotel was very welcoming to our three year old, and she had big sofa bed in the lounge area. The free minibar was great and the room was tastefully furnished, very modern but comfortable. The bathroom was huge with a jauzzi bath and lots of little extras. Would highly reccommend this hotel to anyone on a shortbreak to Madrid.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>g-bit
<Content>Treated very badly on Romantic weekend Following the good reviews read here I booked this hotel for a weekend break for my partner and I. On arrival we were told that a room was not available and were bailed in to a car and taken to another hotel where they had made us a reservation. The Hotel (the Tryp Washington) was of a much lower standard in a worse location and was undergoing major building work. We asked the Preciados to move us elsewhere to a hotel of at least a similar standard but our calls went unreturned and they made no effort to reconcile the situation. In the circumstance I think the least they could have done was to put us up in a decent hotel and respond to our complaints. I've since complained to the Hotel and to the Clarion group but have received no response and a month has now past. Other reviews make this place sound great but and I was really looking forward to the stay. Unfortunately they ended up spoiling our whole weekend.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Natsw
<Content>Fantastic location Stayed here for 2 nights recently and the location really couldn't be better. The room was very clean and nicely decorated but there was an overpowering smell of solvents which meant we had to have the air con on so we could breathe! Perhaps the previous occupant had a solvent-abuse problem..?  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location This staff was and the location was great. The only problem we encountered was the first night. The air-conditioning did not work. It was very noisy. We moved to another room the following day. The rest of our stay was awesome.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and Ideal Location We stayed here for four nights on 25th August 2004. The hotel is in an excellent central location with plenty of bars and restaurants within a very short distance. Main shopping area is two minutes walk away.Our standard room was very clean and a reasonable size. It overlooked the street below which was very noisy with the windows open. Fortunately there are two sets of double glazed french windows with automatic roll down shutters which kill any noise at night. The air conditioning is good and the free mini bar was a pleasant surprise.Staff are very friendly and helpful.Would definitely recommend this hotel for the price and will stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cincytravel
<Content>Great location and quiet My wife and I stayed here in May 2004 and I have to agree with some of the other review about the hotel. The Clarion was a very quiet hotel in a perfect location, within easy walking distance of the palace, Plaza Mayor, and other attractions. The breakfast in the hotel restaurant was very good with many different items to choose from (make sure if you get the breakfast included in your room rate that it does not show on your bill, I had to have them take it off). Some travelers may not like the contempory decor of the rooms.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beautiful hotel, wonderful location! The location of this hotel was amazing it itself, but once we got up to the room, we were quite pleased at the spaciousness and clean decorating -- modern yet traditional at the same time. We had two french doors that opened onto the street, which when open, let in lots of noise, but when closed, kept our room amazingly quiet! There were automated shutters in both doors as well which completely blocked out light and noise. Very comfortable room. Only complaint I have is that the air conditioning didn't get all that cold, but that's a small complaint compared to the rest of the hotel. Breakfast was awesome. WHen we walked into the restaurant, at first we were sure it wasn't included because the spread was so varied and huge, but it was included and was great. Eggs, meats, pastries, fruit, even fresh-squeezed OJ. Would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SFVacationer
<Content>Great hotel in so-so location An excellent hotel. Not a particularly pretty area immediately surrounding it, but safe and very convenient to metro, exploring, eating, etc. Very pleasant rooms, extremely nice and big bathrooms, very accommodating and helpful staff. Phone was not working most of the time. We also felt the hotel was a very good value.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it One of best hotels I have ever stayed in, the location was brilliant, right next to the Puerta del sol, palacio real, etc, rooms quite big and super bathroom, with complete shower and big bath, air con which kept the room completely cool, after the Madrid heat. the free minibar a complete bonus as I have a boy of 13 who loves to help himself, but most of all, exceptionally clean, and please try the food in the restaurant, 12 euros for menu of the day, and really very good. We stayed from the 22 of July to the 27. Also staff very friendly, ask them anything and they are there to help you. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A well-appointed/well-run hotel for the discerning traveler. Although journey finding the hotel was a bit too touristy in experience (taxi driver didn't realize that there are 2 calle preciados -- one open to automobiles, where the hotel is located; and the other one open only to pedestrian traffic -- we were dropped off at the foot of the latter and had to lug our suitcases along this pickpocket-friendly shopping street to get to the hotel. Actually, a lady approached us and asked if she could help as we stuck out like prime targets), the hotel itself was beyond my expectations. Location is quite good -- near the Sol, Plaza Mayor, and Gran Via. Room has a modern touch. Reception personnel were very helpful. The only thing you'll hear from them is the response, YES to one's requests. We asked one guest relations officer to book us at exclusive restaurants and he literally dropped everything, picked up the phone, and made the bookings all in one go. We asked for a very, very late check-out at 4pm to catch a 6pm train to Paris and the manager said yes right away even though their policy is for a 12pm checkout. The all you can drink mini-bar came very handy considering the heat in the afternoon. After doing all the sightseeing came the shopping. El Corte Ingles, Gran Via, (and subway station to other shopping areas) are literally right at the corner of Calle Preciados. All in all, I would stay in this hotel again. For a business traveler who travels 4 days in a week, I tend to lower my expectations when it comes to non-major chain hotels, but this hotel is quite exceptional. Well-appointed rooms and very receptive/responsive personnel. It's a bargain.   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not without an issue... I just stayed at the Clarion on May 28th. I was booked into Room 02, which has a huge living area with a table and couches. The bathrooms are marble. The staff was very eager to be helpful. Walking distance from shopping and sights. The only issues I had was (1) the A/C wasn't working and (2) room 02, as nice as it was, faces a side street which has a bar right across from the hotel. I didn't get much sleep. I would as soon have a smaller room without noise. My co-worker informed me that rooms that are in the center of the building have an electronically activated shutter to keep the noise out.  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal Wedding caused chaos My sister and I arrived at 1300 hrs on Sat 22 May to find the City completely closed to traffic. Taxi driver endeavoured to get as close to hotel s possible. Ended up walking in rain with suitcases for over an hour trying to find the hotel that no local person seemed to have heard of? On our arrival a rude receptionist was completely uncaring and suggested everyone knows it is the wedding and it is not our problem. Fortunately the Manager took the receptionist to task, and apologised profusely to us for the dreadful start to the trip. WE asked why had someone not emailed us and advised us that the roads would be closed directly around the hotel and they should have made other arrangements. WE were informed most Spanish had cancelled due to the closures!!! The room was clean but dark without any view, although it was quiet. The breakfast was very average and the waitresses and waiters surly. I would not recommend the hotel apart from the location which was good.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anderwitz
<Content>Great Madrid Hotel My husband and I stayed here for three nights and were very happy with this hotel. We were able to get a non-smoking room which is hard to come by in Europe. The room was spacious, modern, quiet, clean and comfortable. The double-paning windows kept out all the street noise. The location is great, in the heart of Puerta del Sol. Although the beds were a little uncomfortable, the staff is attentive and helped where they could. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alan935
<Content>Great little hotel The Preciados was just what we were looking for -- a small, high-quality hotel at the right price and location. The renovated rooms are great -- good size, with a nice large bathroom (with whirlpool tub), lots of built-in storage, good lighting, and a very modern feel. The hotel is located right in the middle of the Centro section, walking distance to all the museums and very close to the trendy Chueca section, with its interesting shops and great restaurants. As an added bonus, there's a Starbucks at the end of the block, as well as a subway station. We found an internet rate for 110 Euros a night, which made this a great deal. Highly recommended!  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in March '04 I had a wonderful time at this hotel. I agree with the other reviews...it has a very central location with a short (10 min) walk to the Plaza Major and the Royal Palace. It is also nice to be in the middle of a shopping area with plenty of pedestrian traffic and store offerings. The hotel was very clean and very quiet. The furnishings in the room were very clean and the bathroom was very nice. I would definately stay here again!!!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank you Magdalena  The hotel is beautiful, comfortable and clean. Some of our best meals were at the restaurant in the hotel. A great breakfast buffet and excellent dinners.Special thanks to Magdalena, Directora Hotel, who was wonderful. She was very visable and address all our needs immediately. She and her staff were wonderful.The lounge was a great place to unwind at the end of the day too!If we ever return to Madrid we will definitely select Hotel Preciados again, our stay was wonderful!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Hotel The hotel is within walking distance of shops and restaurants and is close to bus routes and metro station.Decor is excellent - comtemporary, modern feel and very friendly and efficient staff.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent   showReview(1557508, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>whitfieldemma
<Content>Wonderful   showReview(1543268, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truely 4-star hotel   showReview(1433808, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real find in the heart of Madrid   showReview(1428663, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vzqzm
<Content>The Preciados... a Find!   showReview(1422672, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise!   showReview(1273150, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elleboogie
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(1189223, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A secret find in the heart of Old Madrid   showReview(1155493, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It   showReview(982555, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lunina12
<Content>Bellissimo hotel !!   showReview(23277679, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente en todo   showReview(22864217, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente ubicaci贸n. Volver铆a...   showReview(21444364, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, situato in...   showReview(20628657, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist sehr modern...   showReview(20328999, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel , tres bien...   showReview(20715101, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>In camera mi hanno rubato il...   showReview(20358871, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CibelesTheux
<Content>Hotel agr茅able et super bien situ茅       restaurant  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>adrigomez
<Content>exceltente hotel   showReview(18784917, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RocioPalma
<Content>P   showReview(17182550, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	5	5	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel, personnel...   showReview(17426625, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Abbiamo soggiornato al...   showReview(16732261, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sternderl
<Content>Dieses Hotel kann man uneingeschr盲nkt empfehlen   showReview(15700016, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente hotel. Muy buena...   showReview(16731389, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabodon
<Content>Muy buena opci贸n   showReview(14502222, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dieses Hotel kann man wirklich...   showReview(13974095, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joch1202
<Content>Le meilleur choix 脿 Madrid   showReview(13529699, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bon emplacement pour...   showReview(13138366, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel es de 4 estrellas pero...   showReview(13163243, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ladema
<Content>Pulito, bello, centrale e silenzioso   showReview(10689456, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltniss   showReview(11314631, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>siphnos
<Content>super h么tel !   showReview(10252087, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>rhymdunet
<Content>Hotel parfait 脿 tout points de vue!   showReview(8691929, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima...   showReview(11413729, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A cento metri da Callao, una...   showReview(11413731, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Me gusta porque tiene minibar e...   showReview(11413730, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>candylop
<Content>Hotel Preciados.. bello ma abbastanza caro!   showReview(8271621, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jtgTenerife
<Content>un buen hotel en madrid   showReview(8237489, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>patagonline
<Content>Minibar y WIFI gratis !   showReview(8128105, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>zumayita
<Content>Un hotel con encanto en callao madrid   showReview(7851899, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accoglienza perfetta, camera...   showReview(11413728, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ciddino
<Content>Ottima posizione e rapporto prezzo/qualit脿   showReview(7654303, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel est tr猫s bien situ茅 (en...   showReview(12648842, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel h么tel, belles chambres...   showReview(11413732, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons 茅t茅 accueillis par...   showReview(11413733, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Menorca2006
<Content>Hotel c茅ntrico y moderno. Buena elecci贸n.   showReview(6011810, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel 茅tablissement tr猫s...   showReview(11413734, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel Preciados liegt...   showReview(11413735, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

