<Author>cmswagner
<Content>Treated very well. Yes, I was staying at the hotel during the night's blackout. I couldn't sleep because of the roar of the hotel's own power generator, below my window. I checked out at 4:00 am, and got a $200 refund on my room rate. I went to the airport to fly back to Cal. My daughter, living in Oahu, phoned my cell at the airport. I told her the problem, and she went to the hotel. She then phoned me again and told me power had been restored and I could go back to my same hotel room, which was adequate for my needs. I continued to enjoy my stay. That was the way my daughter and I handled a tough situation. I've stayed at the Moana many times, and will continue to do so. Ray Wagner, Foster City, CA  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SkipInSeattle
<Content>Exceptional After reading some of the negative reviews for this property, I am convinced some people are just too hard to please.We spent three nights here on the way back to Seattle from Sydney with a 4 and a 2 year old. We arrived at 8am after the overnight flight from Sydney, and were not surprised to find out our room was not ready. We were told we should be able to get an upgrade as SPG gold preferred members, but we would have to wait and see. After a welcome drink and gifts for the kids, we were offered the use of a room to shower/freshen up for an hour or so. Needless to say we were delighted 鈥?it was just what we needed.After freshening we took a stroll to get breakfast. The hotel is in the best position in Waikiki, without doubt. The beach is a few steps past the pool, the International market is across the street and everything that is happening is nearby. There are numerous options to eat very close by, so you have a great selection. Once our room was ready we found out we had a partial ocean view in the tower. You can only see the water from the balcony but that was fine by us. The room was very large with plenty of room for 2 double beds plus crib plus our 8 large bags. There was a bath/shower combo so great for the kids, plus a high def flat screen TV 鈥?not that we watched it much.I have seen some complaints about the housekeeping 鈥?which I find hard to believe. Our room was always immaculate, and at every turndown they even vacuumed the bathroom to remove the sand that was left from the kids swimmers.There is some noise from the street performers at night, but that is part and parcel with staying where the action is. I am sure if you stay 2 or 3 blocks from the beach it is much quieter 鈥?but I鈥檇 much prefer to walk out of the lift and take about 20 steps into the beach than walk a few blocks any day.We鈥檝e already started planning our trip here next winter 鈥?I can鈥檛 wait.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ValLandicho
<Content>Great Hotel Our family has been going to Waikiki since 1989 for the Honolulu Marathon either to run or see our running friends. In the last few years, we were staying in the Royal Hawaiian Hotel (Pink Hotel) but due to renovations from July 2008 to Dec. 2008, they were closed. So we decided to try out a similar hotel, Moana Surfrider.We booked 2 City View rooms in the historic Banyan wing during our stay, Dec. 13 to 22; one with the King bed and another with 2 double beds for our 18 and 19 year old kids. Relative to the kids' room, our room was smaller---there was plenty of space to walk around with a table for our laptop but we had a bathtub. The kids room was also on the 3rd floor and theirs had a bigger floorspace but they had an enclosed shower in their bathroom. Both rooms were facing Kalakaua Avenue (main drag on Waikiki)and although most shops are open until 11PM, the hum of the airconditioner seemed to drown the street noise below. If you are a light sleeper  like to go to bed before 11PM Hawaii time, I recommend you get an Ocean View room! Rooms have a small fridge, top-of-the-line really plush beds and 32 inch LCD tv with oceanic cable channels.The outdoor swimming pool has about 35 chairs  is relatively small but they have a part of the beach for Moana Surfrider guests roped off. You have to sign-up for any of these chairs by early afternoon the day before. This hotel has close to 900 rooms.There is gym on the second floor of the Tower Building with 5 treadmills, 1 stairmaster, 2 bikes, 2 elliptical trainers and a whole bunch of weight equipment. Each of the cardio equipment has its own TV monitor with all the Oceanic cable channels you can watch (just as good as Comcast back at home.)We ate at the Beachcomber (main restaurant) in the premises as we were celebrating my wife's birthday for dinner and although it was pricy, it was actually pretty good. Breakfast buffet was around $40 and dinner buffer was $80. Although this is a really nice hotel, we ate most of our meals outside: International Market Bazaar, L  L in Kuhio (plate lunches-mini $5 or $6, regular $7 to $9, Fattys (Chinese hole in the wall--2 items plus rice or chow mein for $5.50,) ABC stores for breakfast and snacks all over the place, Food Pantry (a couple of blocks away) for groceries or we take The Bus  go to Ala Moana Mall for shopping and their food court.The nice thing about the Moana Surfrider hotel is that it is centrally located for all the inexpensive food and the shopping and you're right there on the beach. Compared to the Sheraton, Pink Hotel or Outrigger on the Beach where you have to go towards the beach to get to the main entrance, the main entrance to Moana Surfrider is on Kalakaua!Most of the housekeeping is Filipino  since I am fluent in Tagalog, I talked to them everyday. Ever since Moana Surfrider became a Westin property, they have been pretty full compared to the other Westin  Sheraton properties in Waikiki.This is a very nice hotel  we'll probably be coming back next year. I highly recommend.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alex230
<Content>very bad hotel. Don't stay at this hotel! Read this review and save yourself some aggravation by avoiding this hotel. The rooms are tiny. Upon check in we requested a roll away bed to be brought in for our son. The front desk employee (more on them later) gave us a surprised look and told us that she did not think it would fit. Boy was she right! The room fits a king sized bed but not much else. The hotel employee who brought the bed in left immediately and we had to move the furniture around ourselves at 1am in order to create a bit of space for the extra bed. Room service was just as bad. First time I called to order some food, the person on the phone told me that nobody was available to take my order and somebody will have to call me back. Nobody called back for 30 minutes! When the food finally arrived a good portion of it was missing. The front desk stuff is rude and unprofessional. Any request no matter how small is met with a resounding no. I have witnessed as one of the employees (Irene) after talking to a customer, started mattering expletitives under her breath! Before staying in this hotel, I have never had to speak to a hotel manager. During our stay at the Moana, I have had to speak to the managers on a number of occasions. There was a blackout on the last night of our stay. The hotel stuff seemed completely disoriented and disorganized. Nobody seemed to know what to do or where to go. It took them a good half hour to figure out where the emergency stairway was! By the way, if you are a Gold or Platinum Starwood member, don't expect any upgrades at all. The hotel even refused to extend our check out time beyond 12 noon. Would I ever come back to the Moana? A definite No! This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>hoohiki
<Content>Good enough for Obama's press people and Hawaii Bowl festivities My husband and I returned to Waikiki to be reacquainted with the city and to introduce my 2 sons to the world famous landmark of Oahu. I chose to stay at the Moana Surfrider, a historical site, right in the heart of Waikiki so that we can take it all in. Our first impression was very positive. The valet and bellman were very prompt and courteous with their service. Upon registering at the front desk, we were met by a lei greeter and offered warm moist towelettes and cool wheatgrass with lemon grass iced tea. Nice. We were also upgraded from a city view room to a partial ocean view on the 15th floor, which made all the difference. I booked our reservation months in advance without knowing that the University of Hawaii football team will be staying at the same hotel before their game with Notre Dame in the Hawaii Bowl on Chrismas Eve. Not to mention, Obama's press people were also staying there and some reporters with the prime channels to telecast Obama's holiday retreat on the island. I was worried about the noise and traffic to say the least. But neither was a factor. In fact, we could barely hear a thing despite all the activities. I think it was a different story if you stayed in the older section with only 4 floors and facing the front. Our room was somewhat small, but big enough to fit 2 double beds. The decor was plain but the room was very clean including the bathroom.  The lobby and staircase was newly restored back to its original form in the early 1900's. Beautiful. The row of rocking chairs in the veranda, where guests can people watch is one of the hotels signature feature. The other feature is the afternoon tea in the courtyard under the old banyan tree planted in 1904, made famous by the old 1970's show, Hawaii Calls. My 2 boys greatly enjoyed this experience. I regret not taking the historical tour of the hotel and learning about its relation to the monarchs of old Hawaii. The hotel is amidst high end retail stores, but also scattered affordable ones. Restaurants, affordable and fine dining are all within walking distance. The hotel has a very small pool, but that's probably because the beach, with all its activity kiosks, is the backyard. My family had such a wonderful experience at the Moana Surfrider that we would highly recommend staying here to everyone.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>808grl
<Content>Bugs at the Moana Surfrider We got a great rate because we are Hawaii residents. As expected, we got the lowest rated room, which is the city view room in the historic wing, which we didn't mind since we live on the island and didn't need an ocean view. However, we did not expect our view to be the balconies of the adjacent tower rooms. Of course, we kept the blinds closed the whole time because anyone on their balconies could see directly into our room, which could not be more than 30 feet away. We knew the room would be tiny from reading the room descriptions. It was just big enough for the king size bed... What we did not expect to find were the bugs, which looked like little gnats in the sink, and a giant cockroach. At first, we could not figure out where they came from, then we realized that the window in the bathroom was open. We figured that no one ever opens those blinds (the maids definitely never cleaned behind it), and no one realized the window was open, so the bugs just fly in... Yes, it was a giant flying cockroach; very common in Hawaii, just not expected in a hotel with the Moana's reputation...On a positive note, it is a very nice hotel in a great location. Everyone on staff was very friendly and professional. My advice for any tourists thinking about staying here, pay extra to upgrade to the tower rooms or for an ocean view.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	2	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller416
<Content>Terrible experience, not so great hotel! After staying at the Westin in Maui, I was really looking forward to staying at the Westin property in Honolulu since I had heard so much about the hotel.After I ariving in my room and unpacking, I went to the bathroom and noticed a couple of small bugs crawling on the floor. I thought that this was quite unusual, especially for a Westin hotel, but thought maybe it was just a one-off and that perhaps they had come in through the window. As I was eager to explore Honolulu, I left my room. Big mistake!When I came back to my room about five hours later, I passed by my desk (where my laptop was located as well as my toiliteries) and noticed that at least a dozen bugs were crawling all over it. I went to the bathroom and sure enough, more visitors were crawling on the sink, floor and toilet stall. Disgusted, I called the front desk, explained my situation, asked to be transferred immediately to another room and for a bell man to come and assist me with my lugguage. The woman who responded couldn't have been less helpful. She really didn't seem to care and told me that someone would be up when they had a free moment. Nice!After waiting 20 minutes, I heard someone outside my door. Thinking it was a Manager or a bell man there to help me, I opened the door. It was a janitorial staff member who was actually coming out of another room. I asked him to come into mine and help me; upon seeing all of the bugs, he shook his head and said: Man, that's bad! Those are baby cockroaches!. Repulsed and annoyed by the fact that no one had come, I asked him to paged a Manager. I had had enough. No Manager ever showed up. Finally, a bell man arrived to help me with my bags. As he passed by the desk, we both noticed a giant cockroach crawling up the desk leg. Unbelievable!I went down to the front desk and asked for the Manager. After I explained what had happended, instead of apologizing or showing any kind of empathy, she stated flatly that Hawaii is a tropical island and that they have bugs here. I get that, but I told her that I wouldn't have expected bugs crawling around rooms at the Westin. Perhpas she could look into getting the situation under control? She paged the Housekeeping Manager who arrived; finally, I received my first apology! She offered some Westin potpourri and told me this situation was unusual. Talk about the understatement of the year!The Housekeeping Manager brought me to my new room. Upon arriving, she said: Oh! The carpet appears to have not been vacuumed. Are you kidding me? So she paged for someone to bring a vaccum and she vaccuumed my room, while I waited with my lugguage on my bed!Besides the lack in customer care or service, the Management of this hotel in no way appeared to be concerned about what had happened. I received nothing: no discount, no complimentary service or upgrade, etc. Perhaps they are used to being sold out and don't care if clients are unhappy, but my situation would be a textbook case of how badly companies can screw up customer service. They should teach this in MBA schools to up and coming managers.Besides my room incident, the hotel was disappointing on other fronts. The pool is TINY (we are talking the size of a hallway carpet). I know the beach is a stone throw away, but sometimes you are not in the mood for the ocean (especially when it's dirty or overcrowded). As well, the strip of the beach is miniscule. Westin guests are sandwhiched along with everyone. All and all, I was extremely disappointed with this hotel and would not recommend it. If you plan on going to Honolulu, stay at another hotel. You'll get better value for your money!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Baguette
<Content>Beautiful hotel, wonderful staff, best hotel in Waikiki       Beach at Moana with Diamond Head view  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Surfrat50
<Content>Great hotel in perfect location There are a number of reasons why this hotel is a great place to stay in Waikiki. I must say upfront, it was great to get the customary lei when we arrived late from the east coast. The staff was always very welcoming and accommodating throughout our stay.First, the Surfrider is quite unique in architectural design and to me, very upscale. True, there seemed to be lots of Japanese weddings, in the hotel but that could be true anywhere else in Waikiki. Second, the location is perfect. My son and I only walked a few yards to rent surfboards each morning. The surf break (Canoes) is great for kids and former surfers like myself as it's just a short distance offshore. The hotel's rooms were very nice - typical Westin. The view of the surf from our room in the tower was great. The courtyard featured an an ancient banyan tree that really set it apart from other chain hotels. Yes, the pool was a bit small, but when you have the beach at your doorstep who needs a pool anyway. Duke's restaurant is just next door. Outrigger and canoe rides were right on the beach nearby. The International Marketplace is just across the street. In terms of location, as a former resident of Honolulu, there is no better place to go for the full experience of Waikiki. Diamondhead is a short (2 mile) jog away. The zoo is just a couple of blocks away. Sure the rooms are a little pricey and you can certainly get cheaper places to stay, but all in all we really had a great time. The downside, if there is one...food in the hotel is high which is generally true anywhere you go. Also, the Duke's side of the hotel can be noisy late at night. Some guests have complained about other minor issues, but from my perspective, if you don't like the Moana Surfrider, I'm not sure what it takes to please you. Go there and enjoy yourself.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>AGentlRose
<Content>Moana will always be my first choice on Waikiki This was our third visit to the Moana Surfrider and everything was perfect. I wasn't in the best humor on arriving on a flight from the mainland that was 7 hours late, but being greeted with a smile and lei at the Moana's front desk, I began to relax. We were the only ones checking in because of the late hour and check in was fast and efficient. We were given a room in the Diamond Wing, which I requested, and was pleased that it was the same room which we enjoyed on our first trip there. Both the bedroom and bathroom had been refurbished, including the addition of a large screen TV. We were on the top floor, so we also enjoyed the beautiful oceanfront lanai, which was almost as big as the room itself. Since we were celebrating our anniversary for the third year in a row, the guest services manager left us a note with 2 small bottles of brut, as well as a lovely fruit platter. There was a small refrigerator in the closet area, along with a small safe, ironing board, iron, robes and slippers and a coffee pot and packs of coffee. New bath amenities were White Tea and I loved the soap in the shape of a leaf, which smelled so good. The view of Waikiki beach and Diamond Head from our lanai was breathtaking and beautiful, I knew I would be sad leaving. Housekeeping was great, always finished before we returned in the latter part of the afternoon and if I asked for extra de-caf, or coffee creams, it was always left in abundance. We didn't eat at the hotel this time, but we did eat at Duke's next door and I highly recommend it. I would not hesitate to stay at the Moana again and would gladly give it more than 5 stars if I could.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>threecedars
<Content>Perfect honeymoon!       View from 6th floor  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shelbymustang1
<Content>Exquisite Hotel My husband and I have recetly returned from The Moaner Surfrider. It was a fantastic stay. The rooms were cleaned daily and bed will be changed daily using the request card. Very spacious, airy, clean and very, very comfortable. We were in the |Diamond Head Wing overlooking Waikiki beach and the rolling Pacific Ocean. Food was delicious and plentiful. Out front of the hotel is the main road where all your shopping dreams come true. The weather was hot, hot except for one days rain (but still hot!!)On one day our coffee supplies were not replenished and we did have to remind them it was our honeymoon which was rewarded with fresh fruit basket and $110. bottle of red wine AND complimentary breakfast (All you can eat)!!!Above all, a very romantic, memorable holiday!! ENJOY!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sewaterman
<Content>Location, location, location Fabulous location on Waikiki beach, top of the line Westin so very good  very expensive.Was there on a corporate retreat  had read previous reviews so paid the extra  upgraded my room to tower partial ocean view well in advance. Would strongly recomend doing this - you get a larger, modern room with a balcony to enjoy  a very good view out over the ocean. Many of those attending clearly hadn't read the reviews  didn't upgrade  because the basic rooms are in the old hotel [built when beds were smaller  balconies uncommon] there were lots of complainst about tiny rooms, no view, no balcony etc.Tower room was great, bed comfortable - clothes closet in bathroom which is a little unusual - lanai big enough for two loungers  an evening beer [bought cold from ABC across the street]Internet connection good, but remember this is a Westin so they charge for absolutely everything - $13.95 a day for wireless connection. [There's even a $7.50 charge for porterage even if you wheel your own suitcase in  out]Very nice hotel but really not good value for money ..  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Aloj
<Content>Great hotel and location We spent six nights at the Moana Surfrider at the end of our honeymoon. The hotel was immaculate and well appointed, the staff were very friendly and helpful. The terraces, restaurants and beach bar were great, if not a little expensive. The central location with easy access to the beach, shops and restaurants made this a fantastic choice for our stay.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>wildflowerb
<Content>Glorious I got a good deal on this hotel on a stay 3 pay 2 deal thru Escape Travel. This is my favourite style of hotel and it's location with direct access to Waikiki Beach was a selling point. The Bar which has the most lethal mai tais is smack back under the 105 year old Banyan tree and on the beach. The rooms were magic and the beds divine. The rooms are not the largest I have stayed in but I was quite happy as it was only me. She s a beautiful hotel and if you can afford to stay here, do. Even if it is for a couple of nights.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>miharashi
<Content>Honeymooners hotel       perfect farewll sunset  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Kiwi_on_Hols
<Content>Expensive but lovely This hotel was far and away the most expensive place we stayed on our recent trip and, for the price you pay, you should expect something very special.And it is really. We had a room in the tower - fantastic view over Waikiki Beach to Diamond Head, beautiful bedding, huge TV, spacious room. My only puzzle was the towels - they were small, threadbare and smelled of bleach - an odd omission.The hotel is lovely to look at - very old fashioned and romantic - lots of great places to sit - the rocking chais on the front porch, the lobby area, the porch around the banyon tree - all very pleasant.The location is fantastic too - right on the beach. The pool is quite small and seating is limited but you can book chairs from 1pm the day before - there is no charge for this and really worth doing (although usually by the afternoon there are chairs coming free).We only ate at the beachside bar and really the food was very average, very expensive and on plastic plates etc. I recommend the Outrigger next door - we had a very nice breakfast there one day and dinner on another. We also had a very nice meal at the Cheesecake Factory two doors down.This hotel is very popular for Japanese wedding parties (and you can see why) - expect to see half a dozen every day!I was there with my children and they loved the hotel too but it isn't really child-friendly. An elderly Japanese man even got told off for playing with his small grandchildren in the pool (quite sedately), which I thought was quite over the top.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>redsoxfan11
<Content>charming hotel, prime location, great service To say the Westin Moana Surfrider is all about the location is a crime! Granted, it's location is unbeatable- but the hotel offers soo much more.When we arrived we were kindly greeted with purple flower leis and a cold glass of ice tea, which was much needed after a long day of travel. We were originally given a ocean view room in one of the towers. After looking at the hotel room, we new that our room was not one of the recently renovated rooms. We immediately asked to be transfered to the Historic Wing, which is the original Moana Hotel and were more than pleased with our accomodations. Our room was a city view on the 4th floor, very clean and nicely decorated with a flat screen TV. The only issue is that the rooms facing the street tend to get a little loud at night with the noise from the street. As a young couple, this didn't really bother us too much but I could see how it could be a problem for those having a hard time sleeping at night through noise.The beach house buffet is amazing. If you have the money, and the appetite, absolutely eat at the buffet-- this is the best breakfast buffet we ate at during our trip.The pool area is rather small, and seating is extremely limited. My wife and I woke up each morning and were able to get two lounge chairs together for the day. You can also reserve chairs for the following day starting at 1:00pm at the poolside towel cabana. I would definitely suggest doing this if you want a chair.The Moana Surfrider is a beachfront property, and although the beach is rather skinny, it's the best strip in Waikiki. There's plenty of sun and plenty going on right on the beach; surf lessons, canoe rides, sunset cruises etc.My favorite spot at the hotel are the wooden rocking chairs on the balcony facing the street. Nothing like people watching in the morning with a cup of freskly brewed Kona coffee!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bjbanks
<Content>Could be better My wife and myself are just finishing a 5 day stay. The Hotel does have a nice setting but it is let down by a few things. The food is below average and for a 5 star hotel its almost embarrasing. Secondly the room, which is ok, is never cleaned properly. Old shampoo bottles are left in the bathroom as well as any drink cans etc. Basically they just come in and make the bed.Average at best and noisy. .  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	2	4	

<Author>UJ99
<Content>Hard to beat We had a great time at this hotel 鈥?some of the other comments on here seem very unfair and over-expectant.Location 鈥?great location, right in the heart of Waikiki, and one of the few hotels to back right on to the beach. Great to be able to walk out of your hotel and 30 seconds later be on the beach. Very well situated for the local bus service, so we never had to rent a car, always a plus!Check-in 鈥?we got checked in immediately, the desk staff were very courteous and had upgraded us as it was our anniversary. While completing the process, we were presented with beads and a lei, as well as very refreshing lemongrass juice. If you stay here definitely enroll in the Starwood program before you book to get extra very worthwhile benefits.Room 鈥?We requested a room in the historic part of the hotel. It was very spacious, had a good view and was very modern. It was well cleaned, bed was very comfortable, and the room even had a refrigerator in it. There was an in-room safe, although a few days in it stopped working. We had a free local paper each day (even Sunday) and the room had very comfortable robes. Our room overlooked the courtyard, and we never had a problem with loud music or noise from the bar that others have complained about (they must have gone to bed at 6pm!). In fact, due to the close proximity of the beach, you wake up to the sounds of the surf lapping at the beach. Restaurant 鈥?we ate at the breakfast buffet twice. The food was good, but nothing special. Usual breakfast items, sausages, bacon, eggs, fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal. There is also Japanese fare. Wait staff was okay, but could have been more attentive, with refills etc. The price is a little expensive (but what isn鈥檛 in Hawaii?) The real plus to eating here is the location. You sit in the gorgeous Banyan Tree courtyard, enjoying the unparalleled view and cool pacific breeze. We never felt rushed to finish and help them turn the table over, so a relaxing breakfast by the beach! We had dinner there once and again a bit overpriced, but nice atmosphere. There was a hula band playing which was a bit too loud, so we asked to be seated indoors, and were impressed by the modern feel of the indoor area. Food was good, with a decent variety. Amenities 鈥?Hotel has a nice sitting area both on the courtyard and indoors. This is an ideal place to wait after checkout before going to the airport. Nice rocking chairs at the front entrance which is a great place to watch the numerous wedding parties that arrive daily. They also have a PC setup in the reception area so you can check-in online and even print out your boarding pass! I have never seen this in any other hotel, and it is a definite plus. There is a pool and yes, the beach chairs do go early, but if you really want one you have to book the day before. We found this information on-line before we arrived so this wasn鈥檛 a surprise to us. We had no problem getting a beach chair in the evening, so we could sit and watch the sunset. The concierge staff was very helpful in getting us information about going to the theatre and with bus schedules. The hotel offers an interesting tour of the hotel which goes over the history of the Surfrider. There is a fitness room, which is fairly well stocked. Overall, I would recommend this hotel highly, and couldn鈥檛 imagine staying anywhere else in Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jansenKansasCity_MO
<Content>Fabulous location, beautiful hotel! My husband and I just returned from an anniversary trip to Waikiki in Oahu. Although I probably won't go back to Oahu, I loved the Moana Surfrider as our choice in hotels. The location is perfect in Waikiki because: it is on the beach side, right in the heart of all the shopping and restaurants in Waikiki, and provides great viewing of the surfers. The hotel lobby is beautiful and well maintained. The courtyard with the banyan tree is relaxing and where we spent a few early evenings.Our room was located on the 3rd floor, oceanview, in the older courtyard section of the hotel. The room didn't have a balcony which at first I was bummed about but the room was so large and comfortable that I got over it. We had a view of the courtyard and the tree, there was a bit of noise from the music at night and clinking glasses in the morning but nothing concerning. Beds were typical Westin, fridge in room, large bathroom- very comfortable.The pool is small but nice. We never had a hard time finding seats although you can reserve seats the day prior. The same goes for the beach umbrellas and seats, we always found one but if you want to guarantee one you need to reserve the day prior. No charge for any of these services. The hotel bar had tasty drinks that ran about $5-6 for a beer and $10-12 for a fruity cocktail. We did not eat at the hotel for breakfast or dinner. There are a lot of options much closer for 1/3 to 1/2 the price. We did have a couple lunches and they were your typical bar type food. We did chuckle at the $80 steak for dinner. The restaurant was always full for dinner but the prices seemed excessive even by local standards.It was fun to see all the Japanese brides in the hotel. There were at least a couple each day. Beautiful. Every morning we ran a few miles around the area, you can get comfortable quick. We rented a car a couple days to go to the North Shore and check out the island but the hotel is close enough to so much, it wouldn't be necessary. I will post another review with tips for restaurants, car rental, transportation, activities, etc.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>wsm4
<Content>Location, Location, Location Stayed here for just one night before embarking on a cruise ship at Honolulu.The hotel is a beautiful, colonial style building right on Waikiki beach. The rooms were large and extremely clean with a view of the sea and beach, we were given a lei each and refreshments when we registered.Breakfast was quite expensive but well worth it with a huge selection of items.There was nothing we disliked about the hotel and would recommend it all. If I am lucky enough to visit Honolulu again I will book here above anywhere else.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terirosenthal
<Content>Worst honeymoon experience ever We chose Haiwaii as our honeymoon destination because it was always my dream. We were supposed to be in Honolulu for 4 days but cut our trip very short!Upon arrival at this hotel, they are so nice and sweet. Wehn we arrived to our room, they promised to upgrade us because we were honeymooners but then said they couldn't because the hotel was full. We didn't even get a complimentary bottle of champagne when we got there (like every other hotel does in Hawaii). We were advised before booking the hotel that it was catered for honeymooners. However, when going outside to the pool, there were many children and NO CHAIRS ANYWHERE. For 2 days we sat on the grass and tried to enjoy the sun. We even got out there the 2nd day at 8am and NO SEATS! An expensive hotel, especially the Westin, should be able to accomadate all their guests and this hotel was just not able to. Not only didn't they feel bad for us, but they were not willing to offer us ANYTHING! They were snobby and rude and we will never go back there. They simply don't care about their guests! When we told them we were leaving the hotel early to head to Maui, they were not at all concerned. They simply said no problem and that they were sorry we were unhappy. Who goes on a honeymoon and has to sit on the grass? I never felt so upset in my life. I will never stay at this Westin again.....they should learn customer service!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	4	3	1	

<Author>LAURIELLN
<Content>What a beauty ! We stayed (6) days at the Moana and (6) days at the Hilton Hawiian Village. We booked an Ocean View room w/ balcony in the Tower Wing, with a king size bed. Upon arrival, my husband and I were greeted with a lei greeting and a cold drink. The check-in staff was courteous, and greeted us with a smile. Check in was easy, and the hotel itself is the most beautiful in Waikiki.Location Location Location! Right in the middle of everything, no need to rent a car. Bus stop up the street if you feel comfortable taking the city bus. We opted to take the city bus everywhere. Cheap @ $2.00 pp.The pool is small, dont expect to get a lounge chair around the pool unless you make a reservation for one by 1pm the day before. I found no problem getting a beach chair and umbrella on the beach with no reservation at all. It was usually in the corner behind the lifeguard station, but I didnt mind. If you want a beach chair in the front row closest to the beach, then you HAVE to reserve one by 1pm the day before. Rentals for beach chairs and lounges around the pool are free, unlike the Hilton, which charges almost $60.00 for them!The beach area is VERY small and busy. And lots of waves if you like that sort of thing. the Hilton Hawiian Village had a bigger beach and calmer waters, but not close to the center of Waikiki, like the Moana was.The Moana closes their pool at like 5 or 6pm. The Hilton closes theirs at 10pm, and they have a spot-light on their beach, which allows for night swimming. Moana does not. Several people, including myself, went swimming until 9  10pm!Moana has an old-world charm that just takes you back to yesteryear. We spent several nights sitting on the front porch of the Maona on the rocking chairs watching the nightlife pass by-- Street-performers, street-hookers, and just regular patrons walking to the next shop.I noticed both the Moana and the Hilton have sensors on their sliding glass doors in the rooms that shut the air conditioing off as soon as they are opened. So, no air conditioning with the sliders opened, hence no listening to the waves crashing while your sleeping (unless you dont care about having the air on, that is).  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sharkmad
<Content>Grand hotel in a great location       Moana Surfrider  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>wvunillbilly
<Content>Noise, Noise, Noise !!! Absolutely, DO NOT!!!! book a room on the street side of this hotel unless you like amplified music and the constant boom, boom, boom of drums from the street performers that go on until 12:00 to 1:00 am !!! (Especially if you have arrived from a time zone east of here.) The hotel did call the police after complaining, and the police did come, but the noise subsided briefly, until the police left, and then continued unabated. Maybe its a problem with Waikiki as a whole. No offer of another room was offered. Other than this, it was a very nice resort. Make your reservations carefully.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HappyWanderer72
<Content>Loved the Moana! Loved the Moana Surfrider. Stayed in December of 2007 for 5 days and would definitely stay there again.PROS: Chose this hotel because it was one of the few low-rise hotels on Waikiki and for its history and charm. Particularly loved the comfy rocking chairs and ultra-comfy chairs on the verandah overlooking the courtyard.The room was small, but really comfortable with one of the biggest beds I've seen in my life! Awesome location - right on the beach - and easy walk to shops and restaurants. CONS: I was given a dining credit when I booked, but upon arrival found that taxes, 17% service charges and drinks were all extra costs that the credit didn't cover.The recorded music that plays in the courtyard starts VERY early in the morning!My room didn't have a balcony which was unfortunate given some really rainy days were I was holed up in the room (tired of shopping!).The maid service didn't include cleaning the bathroom or re-stocking the soap and toiletries. Didn't bother me too much - always bring my own, but for the price, it would've been nice to get some fresh soap after a couple of days.Breakfast is very expensive! Would I stay there again? Yes - but would pay for a room with a balcony next time. Doubt that I'd go again in December given the rainy season and the volume of tourists in town for the Honolulu marathon. Definitely a great location and the beautiful old hotel certainly does have more charm than the highrises all along Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>oneyearoff
<Content>Loved this hotel! I travel to Hawaii frequently, but never to Waikiki as it just seemed too commercial and crowded. But we are staying one night at the Moana Surfrider on our way back from Kauai -- and I'm thoroughly charmed! The place is just plain gorgeous. Its gracious white pillars, historic lobby and of course the banyon tree shading the courtyard leading to the ocean are all spectacular. We are in the historic Banyon wing in a standard room, and I liks our room very much. Some have complained about the size -- yes, it's small -- but I'd sacrifice size for being able to fell like the historic lobby is mine. The tower just seems too impersonal, with its own entrance and escalator. Our room faces the courtroom so we don't get the street noise some have mentioned. Instead, I can hear the ocean. The bed and linens are typical Westin heavenly bed and the furnishings are very tasteful and appropriate to an island hotel.I would love to stay here again -- and in the historic, older rooms. This place is a gem.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>iluvtrvl
<Content>Sadly Disappointed The outside of the building is very impressive. The location is great--right across from the International Market. The lobby is beautiful and the walk through to the Veranda is inspiring. The greeting complete with lei, cold towel and cold drink was perfect. Loved the rocking chairs on the little porch outside the front. The biggest disappointment was the room. We booked a standard city view room with a king size bed in the newly renovated historic building. They wanted to do us a favor by upgrading us to an oceanfront room but it had a queen size bed. Sounds wonderful, right? The room was as big as a closet and as a corner room with the sun beating in it was hot even with the A/C on. There was only a shower-no tub and I was totally disappointed. We went down to the front desk and they explained all of the rooms in the historic buildings were the same size and without tubs. So much for my evening soak in bubbles. Okay, if that's the case, I opted for the originally selected king size bed in the city view room. I expected to look out the window and see the avenue. Wrong again! We had to keep the shutters closed the entire time because we faced the lanais on the building next door. So much for privacy if we wanted daylight. And they were right, the rooms were the same size. The door to the room just had enough clearance from the bed to open.No complaints about the service or the beach. We were able to get seats in the shade whenever we wanted. As previous posters noted, no seats available at the pool. We had dinner at the Beach House restaurant and it was worth the money. Both food and service were outstanding.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Franchise35
<Content>What an awesome place My girlfriend took me on a surprise long weekend to Hawaii and we stayed at the Moana Surfrider. This is, without question, the best hotel in the Waikiki beach area. The service was outstanding (typical Westin) and the ammenities were over the top. We were greeted with small shot glasses of some sort of iced tea beverage while we were checking in, as well as a cool towel. Very nice.We were in the older section of the hotel which had been recently renovated (so it was really nice). The only complaint was that the rooms were a little on the small side. That said, who spends much time in their room in Hawaii? Our room was on the top floor (6th) so the views were outstanding (even though our room faced the street and not the ocean)The location of this hotel is ideal as you can walk from the lobby, through the outdoor restaurant (with a giant Banyan tree in the middle) right onto a private portion of the beach (only for hotel guests) and then right onto the famous Waikiki beach. Perfect!The hotel was also centrally located so we didn't even need to rent a car or take a taxi. We could walk everywhere (except to and from the airport of course). Ideal if you don't want to eat all your meals at the hotel restaurant. Tons of dining and entertainment options within a 3-4 block radiusOverall I would highly recommend this hotel. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fluffy
<Content>Elegance on a busy street       Wardrobe, desk and TV  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>trsces
<Content>Classic! Stayed here for a mini vacation. Loved it. It's classic, elegent, and very romantic. I recommend staying in the historic section of the hotel - it's charming. The location cannot be beat - in the heart of Waikiki and in walking distance from all sort of shopping, dining and beach activities.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>GoFlyNZ
<Content>Old fashioned elegance with Westin touches       view from our room ...  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sjmc
<Content>Stay away.... A recent stay at the Moana Surfrider Westin Resort was the most frustrating and humiliating stay ever experienced in a hotel. My husband is a Westin SPG Platinum member. We stayed for銆€5 nights from 19th August.These are the problems we encountered over our stay.From Check-in at the SPG counter there was a long wait and staff was unfriendly.Due to early arrival our room was not ready but no effort was made to see us settled in our room earlier than 3pm.We were not in our room when our baggage was delivered, when we passed the bell boy in the corridor on our way to our room we were harassed, he was obviously annoyed we weren鈥檛 there to give him a tip and it left us feeling confused as we were not sure which room he had actually delivered the baggage to.We were surprised that there was no executive lounge where we could relax and no complimentary breakfast to compensate.Our room was on a noisy side of the hotel with a limited view- in short it was a very poor upgrade.There were no special amenities in the room that all other Starwood hotels give Platinum members- no bottles of water, and no fruit; in fact there wasn鈥檛 even a shower cap!After our first night I spoke to a woman working on the SPG vacations desk.She told me that many other Platinum members had voiced similar frustrations regarding personal treatment and lack of perks at the hotel. I was then introduced to the Guest Relations Manager who made an effort to compensate with free Internet and Valet parking. A promise of a room upgrade was made but we were never contacted, we were ignored. I realize this was a busy time of year and an upgrade may have been unavailable but the hotel couldn鈥檛 even show us the courtesy of contacting us with an excuse.On the night before departure I asked the front desk to review our bill. Internet and Valet parking appeared on the bill as complimentary however on the morning of our departure the personnel at the front desk tried to charge us for one day鈥檚 Internet and Valet parking. One last frustration!The front desk staff can be summed up as rude, they didn鈥檛 seem to care about hotel guests; they were consistently the rudest people we met in our 6 days in Hawaii.I very rarely feel the need to complain however this time I had to.The Moana Surfrider is not of Westin standards. We will never stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Andrew41
<Content>Usd 50 For Beach Chairs Plus A Long Wait Wonderfull hotel, great location except horrible restaurants with , long wait for a table and long, long wait to be served tasteless food especially morning beakfast buffet was a let down. At lunch a regular burger plus a club sanwich finally reached our table 1 hour and 50 minutes after being ordered.I expect beach chairs to be sufficient and complimentary for hotel guest but here hotel guest have to que up 20 hours in advance to book a beach chair for the next day at the cost of USD 50. Silliest thing I have ever hard but it is true. Nevertheless will definitely return to this hotel due to the location.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	2	2	3	4	

<Author>MaisieNewYork
<Content>Can't Help Loving the Surfrider My boyfriend took me here as part of a two island birthday trip to Oahu and Maui (see Kapalua Villas separate review). I love Oahu and particularly enjoy the cosmopolitan, international flavor of Waikiki and its legendary beach.We stayed at the White Lady for four nights; I wanted to stay here because of the history of this gracious, old hotel, and its prime location on the beach. We stayed in an ocean view room...although the bed was comfortable and the view spectacular, the room was a small and the bathroom very basic. The Moana's fitness center is actually situated at the Sheraton down the street. However, I knew going into it that the Surfrider isn't a five star hotel. That was part of the charm for me--the front porch overflows with older guests sitting on the rocking chairs watching the crowds go by, just-married Japanese couples resplendent in full wedding attire pop up in every corner of the hotel, the atmospheric Banyan Tree Courtyard buzzes with tourists savoring mai tais while watching the sun setting over the water and listening to the singers onstage...The service is what you'd expect at a solid four star hotel with a lot of traffic--very good and very friendly if a little distracted. But at the end of the day, the beauty of the Moana is in its history, architecture, perfect location on the beach, and walking proximity to most everything in Waikiki. I just loved staying there!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>tracymiami
<Content>Lovely hotel in a great location       Front of hotel  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Nicole218
<Content>Overall Good Waikiki Choice We stayed at the Moana 8/1/08-8/8/08, the second week of our two week trip to Hawaii after coming from Maui where we stayed in a condo. We booked on the website in September and got a rate of $425/night for an Oceanfront room with Balcony, daily breakfast buffet for two, daily in room movie, and welcome basket on arrival. We arrived at 2:30 and were taken to check in desk while they took our bags up to the room. I was informed we were in a Diamond Wing Room, and I was kind of nervous after reading the reviews here. We were on the 4th floor. The room was NOT musty, and if anything my husband and I thought it smelled like brand new carpeting. The bathroom IS small and outdated, but we don't get hung up on that...If the shower is warm and we get clean towels that's all we need! We had an unobstructed view of the ocean and a balcony. These rooms are probably the best Ocean front as far as the view for this hotel. We were given two juices/macadamia nuts/chocolate covered pretzels/choclate covered macadamia candies/Macadamia Cookies, and Wasabi peas. These were great little snacks. It was nice having the daily movie included in the room as well. Breakfast buffet was nice to have include,d but I would be upset if I had to PAY $28/pp each morning. They always had a sort of sausage, scrambled eggs, poached eggs, bacon, has browns, assorted pastries/breads, fresh fruit, cold cereals/yogurt, and Japanese style breakfast as well. Included in the buffet price you can have waffles/pancakes/french toast/or omelettes made to order. Just seemed steeply priced for breakfast. We bought sodas/beer/alcohol/bottled water at ABC the first day and used the small dorm room style fridge in the hotel room. We took a collapsable cooler and took that down to the beach everyday with our water/snacks. As for the noise, there were daily wedding receptions on the Diamond Wing Lawn the week we were there, but all pretty much wrapped up around 11pm and didn't bother us. We were able to pick up WiFi internet access free in the lobby area with our laptop.We did not have a rental car until the last day to drive to the north shore- and we got this at the Budget at the Hyatt right across the street.I will agree with previous posters about the beach chair/lounge chair reservation system. It is absolutley ridiculous. While we were there, people would start lining up about 11:45-12ish though they don't take the resrevations until 1pm for the next day. It's just a silly way to do it. The chairs should be on a first come service in the am, and if LEFT unoccupied by 9am then staff could go and take towels off the chairs. We were so discouraged by this system that we NEVER used the pool or even the beach in front of the Moana. We walked ~50 yards to the Pink Palace and had nice lounging space everyday, as that hotel is closed now for the next year for renovations, and it is the widest stretch of the beach.Activities on Waikiki we did- WALKED to Diamond Head and then did the hike (took about 45 minutes to walk there, we did the hike in 20 minutes), Pearl Harbor (saw Arizona, USS Bowfin and Pacific Aviation Museum), took bus to Honolulu to see Iolani Palace/Aloha Tower/Shopping Center and Ala Moana Shopping Center (very nice!). Drove to North Shore to try to wade out to Goat Island (but was too choppy and rainy), then went up to Waimea Bay (lovely beach with fun jumping rock!) , saw Turtle Beach on the way back down and saw tons of turtles, even lounging on the beach (can see them from the road!). Overall, we most liked the service at the hotel and the location on Waikiki- we walked pretty much everywhere. Least liked the beach chair reservation system. The view was amazing, the bed was super comfy, and we would stay again if we go back to Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MMBP4
<Content>loved everything We had read some horrible reports on this site about the moana but we went there for our honeymoon and it was fantastic. The Hotel was still undergoing some renovations but we were none the wiser! We stayed in the tower, floor 16 and it ws awesome partial views great bed its so comfortable! The staff are great inside the hotel but someof the bar staff are a bit pushy. We had a minor toilet problem but they fixed it straight away and left us with a bottle of wine to say sorry. I would totally stay at this hotel again if we could ever afford to go back! Also remember to check the bill as you leave there was a minor phone call problem but they refunded us the money so again really helpful.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	2	

<Author>Miracosta
<Content>NO Diamond Wing, please ! We stayed this hotel many times(I live in Honolulu). Last November we stayed in Diamond Wing-painful !! Just like other review, room was very old, mold on ceiling, probably original bathroom with 60's leaking faucets(never seen that old faucets before !), damaged old fashioned chairs  tables. And AC was SO loud ! I still love this hotel ambience and location but please stay away from Diamond Wing. Tower Partial Ocean View is good enough unless you want spectacular ocean view...but POV is a REAL POV...all you can see from the room is Outrigger hotel next door. You'll have to stand on balcony to see the view of ocean. Room is big and bathroom is remodeled which is okay.Banyan Wing has a high ceiling but rooms  windows are small. Be aware peopole with young kids...there's no bathtub. Check with hotel before you book for Banyan Wing.There is an elevator at the parking at Princess Kaiulani Hotel...hard to find. It's behind the hotel front desk. Valet parking is convenient but valet have to drive around the block(lots of one-way traffic in waikiki); it'll takes at least 5 min. wait. Call from the room before you'll leave.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	5	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>jadePhiladelphia
<Content>Tiny room, but good overall experience We stayed at the Moana Surfrider for three nights on our honeymoon...we arrived fairly late in the evening after traveling from Newark, so we were exhausted. However, the lobby, check-in service, cold drink/lei, and sound of the beach was completely refreshing. As SPG members, we were upgraded to a banyon courtyard ocean-view room, and were so excited. However, we were kind of disappointed to see that the room was tiny. In fact, it was the SMALLEST hotel room I've ever stayed in! There was barely enough room to walk around the bed- the remainder of the room was taken up by the king bed. We had to make an effort to pack up our items every day just so that we didn't feel so cramped. The bathroom was similarly small. That was really our only complaint, though, and since we were on our way to Kauai in just a few days, we didn't feel like trying to change our room. Everything was of Westin standards- the bed, toiletries, cleanliness, etc. Although we could hear the courtyard entertainment at night, it seemed to end by about 10 or 11pm so it never disrupted our sleep. We sometimes left the windows open in order to hear the crashing of the ocean waves, which was lovely. We had two meals in the courtyard, both of which were good, and one breakfast buffet (which was great). I would also recommend getting takeout from one of the local dives (like Rainbow Drive In) and bringing it back to the courtyard to eat (there were great chairs with tables on the veranda). The beach was supercrowded and the pool was small, but we did a lot of our water activities off site so it didn't really affect us. The staff was great, and very responsive (they came quickly when we had troubles with our safe). The only other thing is that I wish we had more towels, since we took multiple showers a day with snorkeling. Although- I'm not sure if there would have been room for them!As a previous poster stated, the fact that our room was TINY was made more okay because we were paying for the room mostly with points. If we had paid full price, we definitely would have asked for a larger room. It was THAT small.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Doraemon79
<Content>Ultimate Waikiki Getaway! Best Hotel in the Area!       Hotel Exterior  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wanderlust333
<Content>Best Hotel on Waikiki!       View from first room  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	4	4	3	

<Author>noworreez
<Content>Charming Moana Surfrider       Surfboards  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sander_is_a_Corgi
<Content>Worth It We stayed here over a quick weekend trip for my brothers wedding. We stayed in the main building. Of course, it is very impressive when you drive up and you can't beat being on the ocean. Room was a bit small, but well worth it to stay at a historical landmark in a nice Honolulu location.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>renrel
<Content>Loved this place I can't imagine a better place to stay. The lobby was nice but what really makes this the place to stay is the Banyon courtyard. The hotel is shaped like a U. In the middle is a Banyon tree that is amazing looking. Around the tree, is the bar, pool and the retuarant - all with a view of the beach and ocean. You feel like your in Georgia. This is where we had breakfast and dinner and drinks. Right in front of the hotel is a little private beach. You have to make reservations for the chairs by 1pm the day before and be there by 9am the day of to sit. The only downside is that if you leave for more than 1.5 hours, you could lose the chairs. Having said that, the guys who control this are very cool and give some leway.The rooms are ok, nothing great but I agree with other reviewers to stay in the tower. We were in room 892 and the view made up for the room. We saw straight down the coastline to Diamond Head and I can not imagine a better view. You could hear the music from downstaries all the way up in our room but it was still worth it. The music was a guy playing and singing with a guitar.Until the Pink Hotel is done, I highly recommned this place. Also, everybody that worked there were very friendly.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>se2121
<Content>Why the bad reviews?       Hotel pool  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bobbyrs
<Content>Brilliant Hotel We really enjoyed Hawaii and the Moana Surfrider is probably the nicest hotel i've ever stayed in. It has the perfect mix of modern luxury with an almost colonial historic atmoshere. We had a superb stay. Everything about the hotel is luxurious. We were on our honeymoon and the staff couldn't have been been more helpful. We were offered a free upgrade to a room overlooking the Banyan courtyard. The rooms while not the biggest (its an old building) were spotless and very luxurious. Possibly the most comfortable bed i've ever slept in!Location: This hotel is right on Wakiki beach and is within walking distnce to everything worth seeing and doing in the wakiki areaWhile the pool is quite small the fact that you are right beside the beach means this hardly matters. The hotel has its own private section of the beach. Even during the hight of the day the pool/beach area never felt packed- we could always get a sun lounger- not something i've ever experienced in Europe.The food and service were excellant in the restaraunt with a very nice breakfast buffet. The food isn't cheap but then it is a luxury hotel.The pool/bar area is a brilliant spot to sit in the eveings and watch the sunset. There is live entertainment every night although it tends to be Hula dancing or local musicians. Very nice but not really my sort of thing. One evening we took a sunset catamaran cruise from the beach directly behind the hotel- an excellant idea (two hours of free drinks and turtle and whale sightings for $25)I can't recomend the Surfrider highly enough. If i'm ever back in Hawaii i will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DenL42
<Content>Pretty nice, but the price hurts I should know not to talk things up, but after booking a room in the Tower Wing at the Moana Surfrider, I told my wife several times that this would be the best hotel room we have ever stayed in. Since the rate was $500 a night, and since we've stayed in some really nice hotels in prime locations for less, why shouldn't I have thought that?Alas, there was certainly nothing special about the hotel room. The widescreen TV was cool, but the settings seemed to be incorrect as the images were compressed on some channels. The bathroom was perfunctory. Westin's Heavenly Bed was lovely as usual, and the room was large, but overall plain.Our view of Waikiki and Diamondhead Crater was lovely, but when I booked an oceanview room at the highest price point, I really was expecting a 180-degree view of the ocean... not half-ocean, half-city. There are rooms at the front of the hotel, as can easily be seen from the beach; how does one book those rooms if our room was the most expensive?Anyway, the view was, in fact, lovely, even if it wasn't what I was expecting, and it was nice to keep our door open at night to hear the waves crashing in (we didn't have problems with keeping the room cool as others did).If the rooms weren't spectacular, the rest of the hotel certainly is. The old lobby is stunning, and every staff member we met went above and beyond as far as friendliness and helpfulness is concerned. The sliver of beach owned by the hotel is pristine and beautiful, and the banyan tree in the courtyard boggles the mind with its size. During a three-day stay, my wife and I were quite content to remain on the hotel property almost the entire time, enjoying the beach and the ocean.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DaisyMontana
<Content>Beautiful Resort My husband and I stayed at the Moana Surfrider from June 4th -June 10th (2008). We stayed in an Ocean front room in the Diamond Wing of the resort.I have read a few negative reviews about the Diamond Wing of the Surfrider. We loved our ocean front room. It was very clean! No dirty carpets, no broken air conditioner, no loud noises and music. Everything about the room was great. The bed was heavenly. The TV and the air conditioner worked all the time. The resort is beautiful and right on the ocean. It is close to everything. All the staff was very friendly and helpful. Yes, the bathroom is small. However, it was very clean. How much time do you need to spend in the bathroom anyway? The view from our room was beautiful. We loved watching the surfers. We would love to stay at the Moana Surfrider again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sherrera95376
<Content>Loved the Sheraton Moana Surfrider! We stayed here for 5 nights and had 2 rooms in the tower with the partial ocean view. I think they have a great way to greet you with the Guava Juice and warm towel. We also were allowed to check into the hotel early. Both rooms were big enough for the amount of people we had. The hotel itself is enough to be a spot to be a tourist at with their old wing, patio area, beautiful beach area, great pool area and on and on.The only thing I did not enjoy is the housekeeping was not all that great just good enough and also the hotels laundry room is inadequete I think in my opinion for the number of rooms they have and FAR from the tower section. I think because of the local it's worth staying here but it's a bit pricey. I would definetely stay for a romantic trip with just the hubby but might opt for a more family friendly hotel if with the family. It seemed that the hotel guests were more on the older, richer, snobby side and did not enjoy the noises coming from guests with families.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>telecombeta
<Content>Too hot to sleep in the tower This review comes a little late but is in keeping with most of the other comments on the Tower Wing outside room. We could NOT get the room cool enough to sleep in. My lovely wife is always cold even in an 80 degree room and she couldn't sleep because the room was too hot. Maintenance brought a fan and the air con unit was putting out cool air but it couldn't cross the room to the bed. They recommended keeping the blinds drawn if you were not actively enjoying the view. Not what I would do in an oceanview room.We changed rooms to the small historic wing and enjoyed that better. The room was small but it was on the outside of the wing and had a view of the ocean and the beach and not the noise other reviews have encountered from the Banyan courtyard.The hotel comped two breakfasts and that helped but it was still a lot of money for the room. We also found out that if you don't tip the day before you don't get a pool chair. The kind Canadian lady who spends THREE MONTHS each year at the Moana let us use her reserved chairs.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>iluvtigger
<Content>A GREAT stay at the Westin Moana Surfrider We just completed a three day stay at the Moana Surfrider, having checked out this morning. I can say without exception that it was the best hotel stay we have ever had.Those with an appreciation of historic, (circa 1901), architecture would likely be thrilled with a room in the historic Banyan Tree or Diamond wings of the hotel. Folks looking for a more contemporary experience would be better suited to the newer Tower Wing. The Tower Wing, particularly the ocean side rooms, is also quieter than the historic parts of the hotel.. Our room in the Tower Wing was good-sized and imaculately clean. The only aspect of the room I could fault was the air-conditioning. During the day the A/C seemed to struggle to keep our room at a comfortable temperature. Since we were seldom in the room at that time it really wasn't bothersome so we did not ask to have it looked at.Every member of staff we interacted with, from arrival to departure, were warm, friendly and eager to help. I highly recommend the Moana Surfrider.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TahitiZ
<Content>Beautiful Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Moana Surfrider one night on our way from Milwaukee to French Polynesia. We booked our room through Starwood using points and we were very pleased. Our reservation was for a Diamond Wing room. We arrived about noon on a Friday and were delighted to find that our room was ready. We found all of the staff accomodating and friendly. Upon arrival, we were offered a hot towel and beverage while checking in. Our room was upgraded to the Banyan Wing, possibly because we are Starwood Gold Preferred Members. We overlooked the big banyan tree in the courtyard. The room was large and clean. There was a large window seat overlooking the courtyard which I just loved. The hotel is beautiful with a very large porch off the front of the hotel with wooden rockers for the guests to enjoy. The courtyard also has a large lanai with comfortable chairs for lounging. The hotel is located on a great section of beach right next door to the infamous Duke's. If we visit Honolulu again, we would definitely stay at the Moana Surfrider.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Ron92648
<Content>Diamond Wing - Big Disappointment Since I was a kid, I always felt a certain mystic for the Moana Surfrider hotel. The Banyan Tree and courtyard, the pillars as you enter. 30 years later, I finally stay to celebrate our 15th anniversary. Wow, what a disappointment! We had an Ocean View Room in the Diamond Wing. While the view from the balcony was spectacular, the creature comforts of the room were poor at best.From the very first minute, our room鈥檚 air conditioning was sub par. The first day, it never cooled below 77掳 running full blast every single minute. We complained and from then on, the air conditioning could reach 72掳 but very muggy, and again, running full blast (loud) 24 hours never shutting off. The Diamond Wing courtyard is where they host all their party鈥檚 (wedding etc). We stayed 6 nights, and 5 of them had party鈥檚 with music and DJ鈥檚 running until 10 pm. Keep in mind 10 pm Hawaiian Time. For us, it was until 1 am (pacific time) as we were still trying to adjust to the time zone. I still haven鈥檛 figured out if the air conditioning running full blast helped muffle the noise or if it would have been worse with the AC off (cycling). We didn鈥檛 get a good night鈥檚 sleep until we checked into our next hotel. I鈥檝e gotten better sleep where they leave the lights on for you.The carpet in the room was disgusting. 10 minutes after taking a shower, your feet would turn black from the dirty carpet! No wonder they provided slippers! Keep off the carpet! The ceiling (sheet rock and paint) was bubbling where water from the air conditioner wasn鈥檛 draining properly. The room also had an odd odor to it (I could never place my finger on what it was).Their redemption appeared when my wife fell ill and needed immediate medical attention. Their sister hotel (Sheraton) has a medical center inside it, and hotel security wheel-chaired her to and from our hotel room to the medical facility at 2 am! A big 鈥渢hank you鈥?to John of security! The medical center did a wonderful job as well!Maybe my expectations were too high of Westin. It was my first, and now last time in a Westin. If you stroll the shops, lobby, courtyard, beach and basically everything on ground level, you would never guess the condition of our guest room in the Diamond Wing. It鈥檚 not tough at all to see where the hotel鈥檚 budget money is being spent. They had plenty of notice that this was an anniversary celebration, and this was the room they put us in. First impressions Westin - Never again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>Brooke2
<Content>The Westin Moana Surfrider was unique and impressive I wasn't sure what to expect when I booked the Westin Moana Surfrider. I had stayed at the Hyatt Regency, which was a high-rise hotel across the road from the beach, but the Westin was smaller and right on the beach so I was concerned it might be a busier environment.However I really liked the Westin. It was very stylish and more like a boutique hotel with personalised service than being part of a big hotel chain. The hotel was built in 1901 so there was a lot of history associated with it and the building was English Colonial-style which was a very unique style in the area. The balconies around the hotel contained rocking chairs at the front and a more formal open-air restaurant at the back. The area at the back of the hotel contained the Beach Bar which was an outdoor bar and casual dining area overlooking the beach. It was certainly a great way to watch the sunset and have a few cockails.The rooms at the Westin were modern and nicely decorated, and they had the Heavenly beds which were very comfortable. We stayed in the Ocean Tower which was a newer addition to the hotel (instead of the historic wings) and it had about 20 floors, so it provided a better view of Waikiki beach. The view from our room was along the beach up to Diamond Head, so it was quite amazing.I would highly recommend this hotel however probably not to families with young children as it tends to cater more to adult travellers. In any case, the Westin is certainly a lovely way to experience Waikiki.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LCWombat
<Content>Lovely hotel, but housekeeping service was awful We stayed at the Surfrider 10-13 May. The lobby is lovely, and I enjoyed the banyan tree courtyard. We sat out there one evening, listening to music in the bar, which we enjoyed very much.The room is nice enough, but probably would be crowded if you had 2 beds instead of one king and a roll away. Of the 3 hotels we stayed in this trip (Surfrider, Kauai Grand Hyatt, Maui's Fairmont Kea Lani) we liked this one the least - all were in the $400-500 range. We opted for an ocean view, which kept us away from the street noise, but you do have to deal with the music from the bar until 10pm. Nice unless you have a 6am Pearl Harbor tour to deal with. The view was mainly of the courtyard and Diamond Head - not bad, but the Sheraton Waikiki and the Royal Hawaiian have better views, and better service. This is one of the later stops on the bus routes for pickup, and one of the first for dropping off (Paradise Cove luau and Pearl Harbor tours), so you don't waste as much time on the bus.  My complaint about housekeeping is this - we had to ask 3 times before an extra blanket and more towels were brought up. Not what I expect for a Westin property. I can understand misplacing the request once, but 3 times? We waited over an hour in between the 1st and 2nd request. The hotel location is excellent. The coffee place out front was a nice place to have breakfast - with the exception of a fellow tourist letting their kid steal all the milk set out for the coffee - not sure why the clerks let this happen. Used the rental car agency across the street in the Hyatt. If I hadn't stayed at the Sheraton and the Royal Hawaiian before, I'd probably have a more glowing reivew. However, you can stay at the Sherton Waikiki for a little less and get a better view of Diamond Head and less noise, and stay at the Pink Palace (RH) and get better service and more luxury.So, in summary, location is excellent. It's a lovely hotel. Rooms are OK size-wise, but nothing great. You have to deal with some noise, regardless of which class of room you get. Housekeeping was unresponsive. I'd recommend the other starwood properties over this one.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	1	-1	

<Author>gnolect
<Content>Picture Perfect       Moana Surfrider front entrance  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PMKF
<Content>Overall, disappointing We had one night in Oahu as a stopover from a week in Kauai, and chose the Moana Surfrider as a final slurge before heading home. The hotel is beautiful, with a lovely historic lobby, shady courtyard surrounding a huge banyon tree, and a nice, but small stretch of private beach. The location is excellent, although we weren't prepared for the traffic congestion (it took us almost an hour to drive 2 miles along Waikiki beach to the hotel) and the steep self-park/valet fees ($20 and $25, respectively). While the public spaces were nicely done, the room felt cramped. We requested an ocean front room, but ended up with a courtyard view in the historic Banyon wing, where you could see the ocean out of the tiny window if you craned your neck. However, since we were on the second floor, most of our view was actually the awning covering the dining room. Not the kind of view you'd expect for $350+ per night. The King bed was very comfortable, but we didn't get the restful sleep we hoped. The band in the courtyard played until late in the night. I finally had to turn on the TV and set the sleep timer to mask the load music. After getting to sleep late, we woke up early to muffled sounds of someone talking on a microphone - must have been in one of the meeting rooms near us on the second floor. I don't understand why someone would start a meeting at six a.m. on a Saturday morning, but that's apparently what happened. This appears to be a hotel popular for weddings and conventions. It was such a contrast to the peace and quiet we had on Kauai, where the only sound at night was crashing waves.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>jlb3
<Content>Serviceable, tiny room We are Gold Preferred Guests and stayed in the hotel using points. So, to preface everything, when you get something for free, you can't really complain TOO much about it. If I had paid $400/night for the room we stayed in, it would have been completely unacceptable. The room was in the middle of the three wings of the now-combined resort, and it was TINY. It did have a somewhat-ocean view out of a small side window, but otherwise the room was dominated by the king-size bed. Beyond that, there was barely room to walk around. Compared to other Hawaii properties (i.e., the Hilton Hawaiian Village) which cost less, this room just did not cut it. However, it was clean and had a good bed. We also chose this property primarily because (a) it was free and (b) it was easy to drive from there to good beaches in O'ahu that aren't Waikiki. That said, otherwise this property was a solid Westin property. Staff were very courteous, including superior service at valet parking, which was our main concern. As I noted before, I used to live on O'ahu, and fortunately I already knew that Waikiki is the worst beach on this island and, as far as I know, throughout Hawaii. Although it has all of the tourist hotels, really, if you want a great experience on O'ahu, use Waikiki as your home base, and drive the 15-20min to other secluded beaches on the island. Since that was our plan, we mostly used the hotel for breakfast, where is a great buffet for $30 ($18 if you only eat cold food/continental). We also relaxed sometimes on the veranda in the middle of the property, where the pool and the excellent pool bar are. It is a beautiful area and one of the nicer layouts of the Waikiki properties. Compared to the Hilton, the Westin was also thankfully bereft of kids, which, since we don't have kids (it was our honeymoon) was important to us. The property is in excellent condition overall, and the fitness facility, while a bit tough to find (it's on the 32nd floor of the Sheraton tower, which is actually the 2nd floor, though not marked that way, and the signage is not great), was up to par and had all-new equipment. In sum, if I had a room with a balcony that was larger than a thimble, I would definitely stay in the Westin again. I would also stay there for free regardless. But, if I were paying their not-cheap rates, I would have been angry at the size of our room, but happy with everything else.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twestover
<Content>disappointed As platinum Starwood members, we've stayed at a lot of Westins and have come to expect pretty great things. This hotel was disappointing. First of all, when we checked in, we asked if there were upgrades available. We were told there was an upgrade to a double bed room in the tower (we had booked king ocean view with a balcony). The room was definitely not an upgrade. It was narrow, felt like we were in a tunnel, and the ocean view was only possible if you craned you neck around to see it. We called down and asked for something different and were moved to a small suite that had a view of mechanical things out the window, very depressing. The lobby is gorgeous, the patio outside is gorgeous, but we will never come here again. To their credit, when we said we were leaving for another hotel, they called ahead and assisted us in getting what we wanted at the Royal Hawaiian - an ocean view room with veranda and a king bed. Unusual to have a Sheraton be nicer than a Westin, but we thought it was. And the Royal Hawaiian is being completely redone this June. The bar near the water is such fun - great people watching, great music, relaxed feel here. We like it a lot.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Westshore
<Content>Great Location We stayed in a room in the Banyan Wing for 3 nights in early May. We originally booked the room last July and checked the rate again a couple of weeks before leaving and it had gone down $100 per night, so obviously we called to cancel and rebook which was no problem. As other reviewers have said, the rooms in the Banyan Wing are a bit small, but nice. Strangely, the room was configured so that the TV could not be seen from the bed because of 2 large windows in the room. This is an elegant hotel in a great location. If you are looking for a jungle like lobby with parrots, etc you may want to investigate other hotels. Overall it was very nice.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>Rich11
<Content>Beautiful hotel, great location       Beach bar  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>nctarheel06
<Content>Beautiful exterior and exceptional location We stayed here because my husband was attending a conference and I read the great reviews on Trip Advisor. Given that we were switching over from another hotel, I called the Moana Surfrider the morning of the switch and asked if early check-in was possible. As suggested by other Trip Advisor reviewers, I requested a room in the Banyan/Tower wing. They said there was room available and that I could stop by anytime. You are greeted with a lei and lemongrass tea at the front desk and they also gave a welcome kit to my 2 year old, equipped with outlet covers! I again requested a room in the Banyan Tower. The front desk person looked a little confused (apparently there's a Banyan Wing, Tower Wing, and Diamond Wing). I told him that I was advised to stay in one of the remodeled rooms. We were given a remodeled room next to the elevator in the Banyan Wing, which is also a historic wing, but most, if not all of the rooms in that wing, have been remodeled. The window opened out to Kalakaua Ave, which gave a great view of a few of the street performers at night. I should caution, however, that if you are a sensitive sleeper, you probably won't want a window facing Kalakaua Ave since you can hear sirens (the hotel is located next to a police substation) and music/loud noises coming from the street level.The rooms are somewhat small/crowded, but the closet is equipped with slippers, robe, and a safe and there is also a mini fridge under the flat screen TV. The TV was nice and so was the bed. There's also a cushioned bench runnning along the side of the wall with plenty of storage space underneath for your suitcases. The bathroom is nicely equipped with crevices for storage so even though the room feels small, there is ample space to store your belongings. The room, and the entire hotel for that matter, is very tastefully decorated. As onlookers pass the hotel, they can't help but to stop and stare at how beautiful the hotel is. Every morning within a span of 1/2 hour, you'd see at least 4-6 weddings pass through the lobby. The pool is on the small side, but I suppose it's adequate. It was nice having towel service for the pool and beach. I tried a $12 burger at the little poolside snack bar and it was surprisingly quite good.My only complains are pretty minor - beyond the first night, the housekeeping never replenished the toiletries. Couldn't quite figure that out but I just asked for extra toiletries when I passed a cart. Also, valet is $25/day and self-parking is $20/day. However, be prepared for a trek to get to you car if you choose self-parking. We ended up having to cross the street and walk through the Sheraton hotel to get to the elevator leading to the shared parking deck. It wasn't always easy to find parking either so I'd say that self-parking was definitely more of an inconvenience than we'd anticipated because the parking garage wasn't connected to the hotel. The hotel's overall location is excellent, however. Just a short, quick walk to countless restaurants and stores (both fast food and gourmet). Overall, a very enjoyable stay and worth the price that we paid.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>janer00
<Content>Great location, good service, room on the smallish side.       Moana Surfrider, courtyard view  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lisampls
<Content>My second stay at the Surfrider - we loved it!         
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>VT_Traveler802
<Content>Great location, small / nice rooms in Banyan Wing On our recent trip to Hawaii, we stopped in Honolulu to see Pearl Harbor and shop before continuing on to the Big Island and stayed 2 nights at the Moana Surfrider. We stayed in the recently renovated Banyan Wing in a partial Oceanview room. While the Banyan Wing is very beautiful and they have done a good job with the renovations, the rooms are small and the bathroom is incredibly small, only big enough for 1 person to be in at a time, which can be challenging if you're trying to get ready quickly. If you can stay in the Tower Wing for a similar price, I would recommend doing so, but I have no complaints about the quality of the room, just it's size.The location is beautiful if you want to be in the middle of the action in Waikiki, but is a little loud if you're looking for a quiet, relaxing location.With regards to service, all experiences were good, except for the concierge desk, which closed at 9PM, and had not delivered travel vouchers for a tour we were doing early the morning after we arrived. In a location like Waikiki, where shopping is open until 11PM! the concierge desk should be open later.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>aussieNewYork
<Content>classy lady of hawaii       nice view  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>carlyle
<Content>Good try but Diamond is a bad word here What a great hotel but we too got stuck in that horrible Diamond wing, they also promised us a move to another room in the morinng but when we went down we were told there was nithing available all day IT WAS 7 AM and there were over 55 rooms checking out, but they were really busy and it was obviously easier to say no to us than redo the room allocation (and I am not the type that yells and screams and demands, while the meek may inherit the earth we never get the good hotel rooms)It was really frustratingI am a big Westin fan and was excited when we saw the hotel was rebranded...my wife and I spent our honeymoon in a dingy hotel down the street and we dreamed of one day being able to stay here many (too many) years ago...we are heading back to Waikiki this summer with our girls but I think we will have to find another spot to lay our heads...maybe it is time I suck it up and pay the Halukalani...  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	1	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>vegetarian-girl
<Content>pure bliss my husband and i stayed for 3 nights and loved it. by the foot traffic in and out of the lobby, it is obvious that this is the place to be -- and be married! there were sooo many couples posing for photos on the stairway.the room was elegant and compact. we enjoyed the location and loveliness of this historic hotel. it was a great time.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cruiser1963
<Content>Serene Moana We had to great pleasure of staying at the Westin Moana Surfrider April 14-18, 2008. We had a previous one night stay at this property 5 years ago and fell in love with the beauty of the hotel.WOW, since the change over to Westin the resort is even better. Upon arrival we were greeted at the front steps by a hostess and escoted to the check-in area and given a cold washcloth and lemon grass tea and leis. Very elegant and set the tone for our entire stay. Several months before my arrival I called the hotel with a request to be assigned to room 557. My grandparents sailed Matson Lines Matsonia' to Hawaii in 1962 and stayed at the Moana in this room. It is located in the Banyon Wing which is the oldest part of the hotel and we had been in this wing on the prior visit. The request was noted and indeed we were given this room!! The room is on the small side, but what it lacks in size it more than makes up for in style and location. Lovingly redone with flat screen tv. and bench under the large plantation window overlooking the Banyon Court , with glimpses of the blue Pacific beyond. The bench also has much needed extra storage underneath. The bathroom,again small with shower only is very stylish and modern. Nice prints of tropical flowers on the walls of the room and a beautiful custom carpet.The serenity of the hotel in the midst of a crazy Waikiki is a welcome relief. The staff was excellent across the board and the fragrance of white tea in the lobby area is a relaxing extra touch. My only complaint is that I had to return to Indiana after only four days here!! Cant wait to return. Thank you sooooo much for a fantastic experience.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mel1Sydney
<Content>Stay away from Diamond Wing       Bathroom Diamond Wing ocean deluxe room  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TRAVEL3751
<Content>Heaven - there is no where else to stay!       Day's end-if you miss it today it will be there tomorrow  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skiyuh
<Content>Great Hotel ???? This is a great hotel with lots of history in a great location. Shopping, beach, restaurants all located nearby. The hotel is very well kept and the rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. There are rocking chairs on either street or oceanside to relax and lake in the sights. The lobby is grand and the scene for many weddings daily. The pool deck is a place where many spend most of their time. It overlooks the ocean and there are tables with umbrellas where you can have a drink or snack or both although I wouldn't reccdomend it.As i stated I thought the hotel was great but the food and service especially on the pool deck was horrible!! The drinks were OK but pricey $9 for Pina Coladas and the like. The food was absolutely horrible and is in great need of upgrading. It seemed to me that the hotel just isn't paying attention to what's going on out on the pool deck. The things happening with the food were really dumb like cheeze whiz on nachos. If I wanted that I can go to Motel 6. real cheese is cheap and baking them is simple??? This goes for everything else on the menu. The problems are rediculous and can be corrected easliy but I don't thiink anybody is paying attention.The service is another story. I waited 22 minutes for a waitress who told me she would be right with me. I asked the bartender for a beer but he told me I had to talk to the waitress. I had to force the issue to get the drink but I couldn.t get what i wanted. the bartender told me they were out of what i wanted and they were not changing the keg until 5 o'clock approximately 90 minutes from when i asked. There were many complaints about the service and the food while I was here.Cleanliness was also horrible around the pool. The umbrellas where covered with bird feces and it was not unusual to be dive bombed by the resident birds who have a deadly aim! The roof over the bar was so covered in debris that it would fall off and into foor and drinks. The chair covers were also covered in feces and many towels had to be used to cover the chair. THIS IS THE WESTIN, THEY CAN DO BETTER!The breakfast buffet was $26.95 per person but was really a $10 buffet. It was really lacking in selection and quality. A better choice is Next door at the Outrigger in Dukes. Their buffet was $14.95 and had a great selection of everything including and omlette station.I guess I would stay again but hope they make some changes to provide better service.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>skyagan
<Content>Rude Rude Rude We had a convention in Honolulu and we were recommended to stay at the Westin. I tend to be a Marriott person, but they don't have a hotel on the beach in Waikiki - so we went to the Westin. To be clear - this was not just our experience, but the same experience with my whole group of 5. When we checked in, we were put in the Diamond wing - DO NOT STAY THERE! Small, smelly rooms that remind one of an old Holiday Inn. The bathrooms are so tiny - two people can not be in there at the same time. No place to put your tolietries...The view was terrific, we had a balcony - but no chairs or anything to enjoy it with. To be fair - they are very quiet - you can't hear anything from floor to floor or room to room. We went downstairs to upgrade, saying we'd pay anything to get a better room. We were told, no. Then after questioning that they had no rooms at all, we were told we could switch rooms the next day - they would reserve the room in another wing and we could move over. We came downstairs the next day and low and behold - they had given that room away. When we protested, they just got ruder and walked away.We then reserved chairs on the beach - they gave those away to another couple who had a similiar name and no reservation. Again, when we stated that they were our chairs and we had made a reservation, we were told we were late and that we couldn't have them. Since we were there well before 9am, we asked to see the manager. The manager told us that it was after 9 - it got to the point where we were calling the Time is... phone number which proved us right - but again, here's the manager ridiculously arguing the time with us - in public etc.The Beach House restaurant is really good, food terrific. Wine by the bottle is about 25% cheaper than at la Mer. Shey, the waitress on the beach is fantastic. The mai tai's are terrific!Location is good - go to Duke's for fish tacos.In general, Westin needs to get this property back into shape and have another training session with the staff. I have found this to be a trait at Starwoods hotels - which is why I personally prefer Marriotts. I just don't get rude people.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinaykat
<Content>Awesome Hotel, one of the best! We were to attend a wedding at the Moana Surfrider, so we decided to just stay at the hotel because we got a superb rate on bookit.com. My airport transfer dropped me off in front of the Surfrider, but I was going to stay next door for my first night because my friend wasn't arriving until the next day (the day of the wedding). I started walking next door with my many bags, and a bell man from the Surfider came by and asked me if he wanted to hold them after I told him I was actually going to stay for a few days starting the next day. That was awesome he offered to store the bag. The next day when I checked in, I had my gold Starwood card and they hooked us up from the city view that I had the deal with up to a partial ocean view with a balcony. At check in they also gave me a lei, a hand towel, and a nice drink. It was easy telling them about my friend and they said they'd take care of it. The room was pretty spacious, with a refridgerator, flat screen tv, nice, comfy beds, and a pretty spacious bathroom. They also had bathrobes and slippers for us too. The lobby always smelled nice and the concierge was very helpful. I was one of those affected by Aloha airlines closing - both on my inter-island trip to Maui and especially back to San Francisco. Going to Maui was pretty easy, and the plane wasn't full because it was a big 767 and it was during the grace period of April 1-3. The location where they had the wedding was nice, they needed to turn up the speakers though! The lobby was very nicely appointed, and the ballroom was beautiful. Check-out was seamless as well. I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suze_shoes
<Content>Quality Experience at the Moana We selected this hotel based on the beach proximity, the Westin name and the history of the Moana. For these reasons, we were not disappointed. However, here are some concerns to address. Although there was availability for an early check in (11am), the first room we were given was unacceptable. Facing the street in the Diamond Tower, this room was small, cramped and smelled strongly of mildew. I immediately called the front desk and they agreed to change our room. We were moved to a courtyard view in the newly renovated Banyan Tower. This was more like the Westin we know and love. It was a small room, no balcony, but clean, no bad smells with a truly heavenly bed. The breakfasts were outstanding--get the coconut waffles at least once. Dinner at the Beach House was also excellent with a wide variety of wines by the glass. The pool  beach are way too small for the property, but that seems to be the case with every property except the Hilton Hawaiian Village. This place is bustling on the weekends and seems to be a highly trafficked property. It is not a place for peace and quiet, but then neither is much of Waikiki beach. I recommend it for the food, beach proximity and clean rooms. Westin lives up to its Starwood reputation with this historical property.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>xtine16
<Content>Loved it- I would live there if I could! I stayed for 7 nights in room 331 in the Banyan Wing last week. I love this place so much I dream about it. The room and bathroom were newly remodeled, the AC worked great, the beds were comfy, a newspaper was slipped under the door every morning. Our room had a porch that overlooked the courtyard and the ocean. Each night I would sit out and listen to the tide come in and the sounds of the Polynesian band playing below. (Band and hula every night in the courtyard.) There aren't any bugs, just a nice breeze. We ate in the restaurant almost every morning for breakfast. They have a great buffet (I have greatly missed the smoked salmon with cream cheese, capers, etc.!). We ate dinner at the restaurant 3 times. I highly recommend the Maui French Onion soup (my husband and I had that all three times!) and the chocolate spring roll dessert. The filet was so tender you could cut it with a butter knife. The staff was friendly and helpful. I have no complaints whatsoever. This was the nicest hotel stay/vacation I have ever had. We didn't even turn on the TV once!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>memedutch
<Content>First Lady Indeed We stayed for 5 nites in March 08. I took advice from other tripadvisors and upgrade to oceanview in Banyan Wing. Room is indeed small but everything seems new under Westin. I was only expecting an ocean room with most of the view being blocked by the 100-year-old tree. Surprised! We got the corner unit (room 323), with one window overlooking the Waikiki beach and the other over the courtyard. (See attached photos) Other advisors complained about the musicians performing at the courtyard in the evening, but we enjoyed it. How can you beat it with sound of waves from one window and Hawaiian music from the other!The beach bar is a lovely place. You are 10 feet from the vibrant beach yet having nice shade under the old tree(I am not crazy about tan). Food is slightly above average, both quality and price wise. Staff are extremely nice and friendly. My small complains are noisy air conditioning, and having to have stand while waiting for the Tour desk to help me book tours. Management shoud add a few chairs in that area. I also agree with other advisors that it is annoying to have to tip staff and reserve hotel's lounge chair. In the afternoon, many reserved chairs are empty. What a waste!We did circle island tour and Polynesian center. The driver of the island tour is a local and took as to Honeys for lunch. The teriyaki steak is the BEST I ever had! Now review on eats: We tried Le Mer at Halekulani. It is the best, most romantic spot for a long dinner on the island. Very pricy. Rating should be between Also mentioned and One Star on the Michellin scale as far as food is concern.Duke is excellent for the price they charge. Don't miss the Herb Crusted fish (any fish, my mahi-mahi is out of this world)Cheese Cake Factory is hit and missed.Alan Wong is awesome. Locals rate it #1. I think they deserves at least a Michellin one star for the food. You MUST HAVE their chocolate desert. Service is okay. They tried very hard but definitely nowhere near the seasoned professional at Le Mer. We had their tasting menu. When the waiter announced the dish, it almost sounds like a shy teenage boy trying to ask a girl for the first date!!! Atmosphere is excellent and relax. Every dish is a 9.5 or 10, except the beef. (Funny that I have seen the beef dish failed in a number of Michellin stared restaurants!?)If you stay at the Banyan wing, be sured to update to the ocean side. It's worth the little extra. We had a great time at this hotel and I recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>kimdav
<Content>LOVED THIS HOTEL       Sunset from our room  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Keskeret
<Content>Less than Perfect A week long February vacation in Hawaii, and the weather was perfect. The Westin Moana Surfrider however, turned out to be less than perfect.Upon first viewing, the hotel was spectacular. Who would not be wowed by it's colonial elegance, and the friendly check-in. We were accommodated however in the older 'historic' wing of the Hotel, and as soon as we exited from the elevator the mildew smell hit us. And then we opened the hotel room door and the heat emanating from the room was stifling.Okay, so perhaps a slight problem with the air-conditioning, and a bit of a mildew smell, but who wants to stay in their room when a fabulous beach beckons?The Waikiki beach was crowded, if it is long peaceful beach walks you crave, this is not the place for you. Nevertheless the water was clean and refreshing, and reasonably safe for small children. A word of warning though, the Westin commands it's own roped off area of the beach, with chairs and umbrellas. To guarantee one though (and shade is scarce), you must reserve the day before starting at 1pm. And if you want a chair in a better location, be prepared to tip. We didn't the first couple of days, and wondered why we were lodged behind the lifeguard stand with no view. The Hotel has maximized it's buildings to the amount of land available, thus there are no resort-style gardens for strolling and relaxation. The pool is small, and the Hotel fronts right onto a busy street. If you want a bit more of a lush atmosphere, then hotels further up the strip, like the Hilton, may be to your taste. Included in our room rate (as Platinum spg members) was a complimentary continental breakfast in their club lounge. A light selection of fresh fruit and miniature muffins. As Spg lounge breakfasts go it was on the lean side, with no daily variation. It was great though having the complimentary internet access. The Hotel boasts one main restaurant, the Beach bar, and a pool snack bar. The informal beach bar however serves it's food on plastic plates, even when you are not ordering from the beach area. The food was not very good. I cannot understand how the Hotel's food and beverage department, overseen by the same executive chef, can serve one star food anywhere, in a five star hotel. Do yourself a favour, and if you want to dine outside by a pool and watch the sunset, or soak up a few rays at lunch, walk up the beach and eat at the Outrigger, or Dukes, or the Royal Hawaiian, or the Sheraton, or the Hilton Hawaiian Village. The food is much better, and served on real plates. And splurge for a treat at Bali by The Sea at the Hilton. An excellent meal with great service!The Westin has a great location, right in the heart of the shopping district. The Hotel has a tour and travel desk and we booked several excursions. The Pearl Harbour tour was excellent and informative. The Polynesian Cultural Centre was okay. If you have never travelled to any of the islands covered (Fiji, Samoa, New Zealand etc), then you would find it interesting. Very expensive though. we took the city bus to Diamond Head and walked up to the crater. If you are not fit, or not wearing proper shoes, give it a miss. There are alot of steps, and we saw alot of people dropping out half way through. In all, the Westin Moana Surfrider, despite the charm of it's facade, the accommodation experience very much depends on the room you receive. If you are lodged in the old wing, be prepared for low-functioning air conditioning, the whiff of mildew, and small rooms that although clean, can still house cracked tiles in cramped bathrooms. The experience will be different should you receive a newer room. And in a top notch property, commanding high room rates for all rooms, that should not be the case.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>SydneyLily
<Content>Style and charm I stayed at the Moana for two three-night stays as part of my honeymoon. After reading reviews before my visit I was worried about staying in the Banyan wing, but our stay there was lovely, even though the rooms are a little small.The tower wing is great, we stayed there on our second stay. Lots of room and a great balcony with water views.A note to anyone wanting chairs on the beach - reserve them at the pool desk the afternoon before - they always book out.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>FreqTravellerDC
<Content>Great service, facilities and location The facility has three buidlings that have been fused into one hotel. There has been a lot of renovation in the new Westin style for this facility which was a Sheraton. We were in the penthouse unit, which was amazing with views out to the ocean and into the city. The staff was the best service staff that I have encountered at any Westin property (I am a Starwoood platinum member and have been to many). It is right on the beach and having a car there is expensive. I'd recommend renting a car only on the days that you need it, since you will likely be walking or cabbing to the local places, just for convenience. The parking fees and rental rates will rapidly put you over $100 per day for a car. The food and restaurant is excellent as well, including a great bar staff at the pool/beach.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>60-ish
<Content>Wonderful................ We went to Hawaii for the first time to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary. I researched hotels on the internet months before booking. I can only say one word. FABULOUS. From the special greeting with juice, towels, flower lei and beads for my husband to the welcome spirit by all employees. Stayed in the newer tower and the rooms were fine. The bedding was luxury,but what was boasted as the most comfortable heavenly bed was not. Pillow top sure, but hard as a rock really. Beside that we enjoyed all 9 days spent at the Moana. The location was truly the best, We were able to walk most places. Shopping, eating, the beach, streets, people watching, street entertainment...Polynesian Cultural center is a must. Left at 10 am and returned at 10 pm. Fantastic day from start to finish. Went to the Sea Life park to have a dolphin experience. This was wonderful for me...kissed a dolphin and had a ride around the pool. Costly, but worth it. The rest of the sea life park was cheesy and a waste of time and money as was the Honolulu Zoo. Pearl Harbor was awesome.Watching the sunset from our balcony was so beautiful. The beach was not that crowded. We went swimming every day but had to be careful of the coral and rocks on the bottom. Loved restaurants next door. Dukes and Hula Grill, both fantastic and not as pricey as our hotel. Loved, loved, loved the Shore Bird at another hotel on the strip. Reasonably priced......I would return in a heartbeat and stay right at the Moana or the next door Outrigger. Found the Halekalani Hotel ,stuffy, unfriendly...almost booked there; sure glad we didn't.....Moana, First lady indeed she is..... we went to Hawaii  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aspenannie
<Content>Great location and view but noisy We just returned from a Hawaii trip - this was one of three properties that we stayed at. It could be a good location as long as you have the right expectations - which I didn't ! We had a room on the 20th floor in the tower. The room was updated and nicely appointed. The bed, as all Westins, is super comfortable. The view was astounding - we watched the full moon rise over the mountainscape and the city lights below. It really is spectacular. The downside that led to our early check-out was the noise. Everyone told me Waikiki is busy, but I had NO idea. You are smack in the middle of the beach action - if this is what you like, then this is a great location. If you want a quiet beach escape, this is not the spot for you! The noise of the city seemed to bounce off the concrete buildings and it was like having a helicopter hoovering outside your room. The hotel staff offered us another room, and was very considerate, but we decided it was just not the place for us so we moved to the Kahala (FABULOUS). The Surfrider has a great entertainer in the Banyan Bar - the staff was very welcoming. Plan early if you need your car from valet parking - it took 30 minutes !  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lehms
<Content>a fine place to stay a fine place to stay, our family of five had two rooms here for the week, we stayed in the newer wing, this was a typical westin with heaven beds, good robes and nice amenitiesi am a platinum member of starwood so in addition to the free champagne in the refrigerators we got access to the lounge which had a passable continental breakfast and light appetizers and beer/wine for dinnerthere is a small pool area and a nice reserved section on the beach for hotel guestsfor all the complaints i read here, as long as you are expecting a decent place in the middle of busy waikiki, i cant see all the venom spewed hereit is a fine spot and for those with starwood privileges the bigger room and concierge floor breakfast is a plus  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jaynesop
<Content>Lovely despite being in Waikiki We just returned from our trip to Oahu. We stayed our first 2 nights at the Moana Surfrider as a treat for my 50th birthday. We've been to Oahu many times and after many stays at hotels right on Kalakaua, finally stayed at my favorite place, the Moana. We got a good deal at the spg.com website as members of the Preferred guest program that was 20% less than any other rate we found. We told them about the special occasion and were upgraded from a Partial Ocean View to a Full OV on the 13th floor of the new wing. The room was wonderful and the view from the balcony was awesome. My husband had sent in a separate request for special treatment because of my birthday. They sent up a little birthday cake and a bag of snacks to our room. How nice! We enjoyed the hotel immensely; we loved having breakfast on the Veranda, the Guitar Trio and Hula Dancer in the evening made our experience and just being right on the beach was wonderful. The only issues we had was because the hotel is so accessible to everyone, the pool is so crowded and the issue of having to reserve your own spot the day ahead is ridiculous. The breakfast on the Veranda was not as special as I would have thought after staying at the Palace Hotel in SF and experiencing their fabulous brunch. The breads looked they came from Entemann's. Great classic hotel and experience!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plumeria54
<Content>Loved the Moana Surfrider LOVED this hotel. We booked a room in the restored Banyan wing but were upgraded upon arrival to an oceanfront Tower room and were delighted with it. Lots of room, nice size balcony with a great view and sunsets - we stayed 4 nights. Hotel feels like you're in someone's mansion, not a hotel. It's gorgeous, lots of character, very friendly staff, great location. Must do - Mai Tai's at sunset in their Beach Bar area under the Banyan tree. Nice beach in front of hotel. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hulahunny
<Content>Loved this hotel       suite bedroom  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Innov8ive
<Content>Simply Marvelous       Moana Surfrider  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jackiemick
<Content>Best place to stay in Waikiki       view from our balcony  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SUNDAE84
<Content>Horrible Experience at Moana Surfrider Upon arriving at Moana Surfrider, we were placed into the Diamondhead Wing which is a horrible part of the hotel with decor and amenities that appear to be from the eighties. The room was ridiculously small and smelled of mildew. I have never complained about a hotel room prior to my stay at Moana Surfrider however, I called the front desk and asked to be moved. The front desk moved us to a seemingly much larger and nicer room, which we were told was the same rate. However at check -out we were charged $75 more per night! Also, the room was incredibly noisy, it sounded as though someone was hammering a wall in an adjacent room and I could hear every passerby in the hallway. Staff was very rude and not helpful at all! Bags took almost three hours to arrive from Bell Desk with no apology. I would not reccomend this hotel for your Waikiki Beach stay, try the Hilton Hawaiian Villages - which we left the Moana Surfrider for.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Fishstickman
<Content>Nice place, despite being in Waikiki My wife and I stayed at the Moana Surfrider in early Feb 2008 for 4 nights. I was in Honolulu for business and a couple days of vacation and my wife was able to come with me on this trip. We booked a cheap room directly from a special on the Westin website ($209/night). We got a city view room in the old section and were honestly just fine with that. The noise from the street in front of the hotel was noticeable, but the loud air conditioner drown out most of the noise. I'm not sure that an ocean view room would have been any quieter since they overlook the courtyard by the bar and they have live music every night until around 10 PM. For the rate, it was a fine room. Great bed, nice TV, rather small, but still fine. We asked for a late checkout due to an evening plane home and they accommodated us in an even smaller room on the same floor for $50 (that extended our stay until 5 PM).The staff was very helpful and nice. The Banyan bar is a great place, but everyone else on the Island seems to know it and it was swamped with people. If you could get the attention of a waitperson, you were in business, but it could definitely be difficult. Excellent Mai Tais and they have a good tequila selection at the bar. The food is bar food and mediocre at best. We shopped at the Moonbow store for clothes and the folks there were really nice and helpful.We self-parked across the street at the Sheraton and that worked out just fine (self parking is $20/night and valet is $25/night).We didn't eat at the restaurant, so I don't have any input. There is a good coffee shop attached to the hotel - Honolulu Coffee Co.Decent beach, smallish pool - but both fine.I'd definitely stay here again, but would try to go when the city isn't so busy. There were too many people in town for our taste and the hotel was as busy as the city. This is a beautiful property and has a LOT more character than most of the everyday chain properties have. It's a little more expensive, but is in a great location and is really beautiful.If you're going to Honolulu for the first time, I would recommend doing your research about where to eat, off of the Waikiki strip. Everything on the strip is very expensive and mediocre at best. We had an EXCELLENT meal at the new Roy's on Lewers St. Best poke I've ever had. We had an excellent time snorkeling at Hanauma Bay (about a 20-30 min drive from the hotel). Get there before 7 am and it's free and you'll have a better shot at seeing turtles - incredible. If you plan to go before 7 am, rent your snorkel gear before you go - the rental place at the park doesn't open until 7:30 or so.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheSecret
<Content>So much character!       Alfreso dining  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>travelgem393
<Content>Great historic hotel. Glad we stayed. One warning This hotel is historic. The first multi-story hotel in Waikki. Prime location. Beautiful interior. First class service. We stayed in the newly renovated Banyan Wing and the Westin bed was heavenly. We only ate once at the buffet breakfast which was fantastic with a wonderful view of the beach.The only fairly minor issue we had was the music in the Banyan courtyard which, because of the old style windows, the music which goes till 10:30pm every night prevented us from going to bed early. Also if you are in the historic wing, the rooms are small with only a shower and no tub but the renovations were well done.The traditional Lei and tea greeting was very nice and they had strawberry dipped chocolates waiting for us in the room because I had indicated that we were first time in Hawaii seeking romance. Nice touches all round.Some tips: We had LomiLomi couple massages across the street at the Hyatt Regency Spa which were fantastic.Dukes next door is the place to go for a value ($16) buffet breakfast. Excellent and casual. Dinner was also very good there but be warned that it could get crowded.Go to the ABC across the street for any water and extras you need if you are looking to save a few dollars. Finally, stay away from the timeshare invitation from Starwood vacations.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>vtextc
<Content>A charming piece of history with modern amenities and great service My wife and I just returned from our third trip to Oahu in as many years. This was our first stay at the Surfrider and enjoyed the experience so much that a review was in order.We arrived very late at night and weren't greeted by the customary lei and cold juice spoken about by other reviewers. To our dismay, our booking called for two twin beds; highly unsuitable for a couple celebrating an anniversary. The staff at the counter were overly accomodating in finding us a room with a king size bed, albeit in the Historic Banyan wing.The room was recently renovated (2007) with modern fixtures and furnishings, however was extremely small in size at less than 200 sq/ft. The shower cublicle was small, and the room faced onto the street with some traffic noise given poor insulation and older windows in this, the original 1901-era side of the building. I expected nothing more given the period of the room which was still very elegant and stately in nature. We ordered room service given our late hour of arrival, and the food was delivered promptly, albeit with a delivery charge of $5.00, and a 17% gratuity to boot. Generally speaking, we found the restaurants at the Surfrider a little dear, and the quality of the food was on par with other, better priced restaurants.The next morning, we inquired if a larger room was available, and indeed, staff were once again, very accomodating. We were given the choice of two other rooms which we were allowed to preview before selecting one. We settled on a large tower room, which had been renovated in 2006 but was significantly larger than that in the historic wing. The room was equipped with all modern amentities including a bar fridge and courtesy safe, however the cost of $4.25 for a litre of water seemed a little outrageous considering that the same bottle cost 99c at the ABC store across the street. That said, the room boasted a partial ocean view, despite being labeled by staff as a city-view room. We were overly pleased with the sumptuous bedding, and luxurious robes and slippers provided.The roped off beach area for guests was a nice touch as well, and despite being small and sometimes crowded, availability of deck chairs and courtesy towels was never an issue. Beachside service is quick and friendly, with staff delivering drinks/snacks directly to your location on the beach. I would advise/request that guests do not feed the numerous pigeons and doves that frequent the area since they do become quite boisterous at times and the mess they leave behind leaves little to be desired. The Catamaran services which pull up to shore directly outside the hotel are excellent value for money at $25.00 per guest including an open bar. Keep in mind that they are owner operated, and in no way affiliated to the Westin group. We rented a vehicle for four days of our stay and found that much like anywhere else in Waikiki, parking is at a premium. Valet parking costs $25.00 per day, plus the obligatory $5.00 or so in a gratuity, whereas you can park your own vehicle across the street at the Princess Kauilani for a reasonable $15.00.Our return flight home was a red-eye flight and did not depart until 2359 hours. The Surfrider staff were pleased to store our baggage for us after checkout which is at 1200 noon, as compared to 1100 hours at most hotels. The extra hour was a nice touch. In addition, the Surfrider provides a hospitality room for guests to shower and freshen up before their departure. Despite the room being available for only 45 minutes, staff were happy to deliver our luggage up to the room so that we could prepare for our journey.In all, we had a pleasant stay at the Surfrider and would stay at, or recommend the property to friends and family. In summation, here are a few highs and lows of our trip:Highs:-Historic significance of property-Accomodating/Friendly staff-Poolside/beach food and beverage service-Courtesy hospitality room for guests-Close location to other amenities such as catamaran ridesLows:-Exhorbant pricing of food and parking-Smaller rooms in historic wing (despite their charming appearance)-Noise (not unbearable) on city-view side of property  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grumpymakesmehappy
<Content>New Year's Eve at the Moana Surfrider We arrived at the Moana Surfrider on Dec. 30th for a stay thru Ja. 2nd and were immediately taken aback by the beauty of the Moana. The hotel is magnificent both inside and out. The outward beauty of the Moana Surfrider truly does set this hotel apart from the other hotels on Waikiki Beach. It truly is a gem on Waikiki. After visiting the Royal Hawaiian (where we thought about staying), we all were so glad that we chose the Moana. The staff at the Moana was more than friendly and always helpful. As first time visitors to the Hawaiian Islands, we spent more than our fair share at the conceirge desk. The ladies at conceirge were always ready with the information/directions that we needed. The only problem we encountered was at check-in. Thru our travel agent (Classic Vacations), we had requested Tower rooms and also had it stated that it was our first visit to Hawaii and my fathers birthday in hopes that we may get upgraded. We didn't get upgraded which was fine. The problem was we were put in the historic wing on the first floor over the street. It was INCREDIBLY noisy. I can not emphasize it enough. I would definately recommend paying for the ocean view. After talking to the front desk about our request for the Tower rooms, we were told that our request had not been indicated on our reservation (done by Classic Vacations) and that the hotel was sold out so we could not move rooms. I realize we could have fussed unitl we were moved but we were in Hawaii so how bad could it be?? :)Like I said, the hotel was beautiful. The staff was friendly. Great location. If your looking for a buffet breakfast, go next door to Dukes. The food is good and the atmosphere was great. Give the Moana Surfrider a try. It truly is worth it. We actually liked it better than our next hotel- Grand Wailea. I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>loitered
<Content>Gorgeous hotel, perfect location minus a few issues This hotel is beautiful and has a historic atmosphere. The rooms are beautifully furnished, as well. This hotel is right on the beach which is convenient after a dip in the water. Though, since the hotel is right near a main street, street noise was a bit of a problem for me. At night, you can hear the musicians. In the early morning, you can hear the trash being taken out. I also heard this beeping which I could not identify. If you're looking for a stay at a great-looking, albeit expensive, hotel for Waikiki, this hotel would be a great choice despite a few minor things such as street noise.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Chilipadi_can1350
<Content>Elegant, lively hotel! Great! From the outside, the Moana Surfrider is an elegant hotel, with a distinct, historic yet pleasing exterior. Upon entrance to the lobby and check-in desk, you will notice the openness of the lobby, with large (no doors) entrances into the hotel and out onto the patio/veranda and beach. Upon check-in, we are greeted not only by the usual room keys and hotel information, but, at the same time, a welcoming lei, towel to clean your hands, and fresh, cold juice. This may be slightly overwhelming, especially for travellers who are easily stressed and/or need to focus on checking in.After being handed our room keys, we go up to our room, and our bags are delivered promptly. The room is clean and well designed, and the beds are one of the best in the hotel industry. Unlike other hotel beds, with dozens of different layers, some dirty and some clean, you will feel right at home with these simple yet luxurious duvets. The bathroom has ample room.Looking at the TV, it seems travelers can't go to any hotel these days and watch normal TV: The technology installed on the televisions is slow and so cumbersome that it is likely that you will accidentally press the wrong button and buy one of their expensive movies. Even technically advanced people will have some trouble finding out how to simply watch the news! However, one benefit of this system is that it allows you to check-out via the TV, requiring no stop or delay at the check-out desk upon leaving the hotel, unless you need a receipt/copy of your bill (you will also automatically get a copy at the address of your credit card, a.k.a your home).Walking around the hotel, the veranda/patio is a nice, open-air area to enjoy some tropical drinks (try a tropical itch: it comes with a back scratcher!) However, beware of pigeons! As they inhabit the tree that overhangs the veranda, they frequently shed stool on hotel guests and anyone else who lounges under that tree!Have you gone through a lot of clothes? Dirty clothes? Long trip? The laundary room is close by. Enter the hotel through the main entrance, turn left and go down the hall until you reach the first elevator on the left. Go down that elevator to the basement, and go slightly right then forward. There you will find two top loading washers and dryers that cost $2 each. Soap is available. These are self-service coin machines, so you must pay in quarters. A bill to coin machine is in that same room.Furthermore, continental breakfast at the hotel includes not only the usual food, but, due to the large number of Japanese tourists, rice, japanese assorted food to go on top of the rice (seaweed, etc.) and miso soup! They also have a full, hot breakfast buffet, along with various menus to order individually from.The only complaint, a small one, as reported by one of my traveling companions, is that live music plays until 10:30 at night, which may disturb some people's sleep. However, this was only noticed from room 680 and those in that same section of the hotel.In conclusion, this is a great hotel, and I would strongly reccomend this to all other travellers. Centrally located at the heart of Waikiki, this hotel is clean, with lots to do and eat nearby!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelor2008
<Content>Fabulous location......disappointing stay       Double sIzed bed??  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>bruin89
<Content>Class act all around We held our wedding here on the beachside lanai, with the reception in the adjacent ballroom. It was beautiful, and they went out of their way to make sure every detail was taken care of. We had a suite in the new tower, but I spent the night before the wedding in a room in the original building with a buddy (couldn't see the bride the night before and all that) - right above the lobby. Both were great with very contrasting effects. Obviously the suite was fully modern with the latest conveniences, including a fancy automatic Japanese toilet! The older room was cool in knowing how historic it was - I stayed in one of the original rooms in Waikiki!Obviously we're a bit biased as we had a beautiful wedding, but we were very gratified that every one of our guests loved staying at the hotel as well.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>konabound08
<Content>loved every minute! just returned from our christmas trip to hawaii, which capped off with a three night stay at the moana on 12/24, 12/25 and 12/26. i'd made my first visit there almost 30 years ago and had been eager to return. our visit exceeded my expectations and my husband and i can't wait to go back! the lei greeting, warm towels and lemongrass green tea offered at check-in was charming and made us feel like VIP's. we booked a city view room in the diamond wing so i expected a small-ish, older room. instead, we were upgraded to an ocean view room in the tower wing (#877). our room was spacious (even the bathroom!) and offered a large balcony. we were right off the elevator and, although my husband and i are both light sleepers, it was never a problem. the hotel looked fabulous for the holiday! there were signs acknowledging ongoing reno, but we never heard a thing. we especially loved: the location! (can't beat it - you're right on the beach, right across from the international marketplace, and near shopping, shopping, shopping!), the live entertainment at the banyon tree bar, the fruit plate at the snack bar ($12.75 for a huge plate of fresh fruit, a muffin and coffee - what a bargain!), and, my husband's favorite - the rocking chairs on the front porch. we sat out there with cafe au lait and people-watched every night and had a blast!breakfast at the restaurant was nice, albeit pricey. (do score a reservation at duke's next door and try the green bean salad - yum!), at check-out we were offered some house blend teas (delicious!) and the use of a hospitality suite later on that evening. that allowed us to spend our last day seeing the sights around oahu, knowing we could come back to the hotel, shower and change before our midnight flight.staff were courteous and went out of their way to meet our every need. i agree w/the previous poster: pay the (small) premium and rent your car from hertz or budget at the hyatt across the street. we did it, and found it incredibly convenient.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mharnish
<Content>Alohah at the Moana I was first informed of the Moana by a local who had relocated to California and told me that is where she choose to spend her leisure time when she visits the island. The outside of the Moana Surfrider hotel is stunning, think classic old Hollywood charm. Sophisticated, glamorous and elegant is what comes to mind all while being understated at the same time.Upon arrival you're first greeted by the doorman who offers to help you with your bags in a very non-aggressive manor. Even before entering the lobby I spied rocking chairs that line the front and back porches of the property. The guests look at peace resting comfortably in the chairs some reading, others chatting and still more resting their eyes dozing in and out of what appears to be only pleasant filled dreams. Once inside we were escorted to the reception where we were immediately attended to and greeted with fresh flower leis and cool Hibiscus tea. Next a hot towel was handed to us by the staff who dawned traditional Muumuus and brought life to the Aloha spirit. This felt like an indulgence since our faces had dried after being in an airline cabin for the previous 5 hours.The lobby was just finishing a massive renovation so everything looked it's very best. I particularly liked the color scheme which was green with dark wood accents and white bright trim. It felt cool, crisp and relaxing to say the least.The rooms were equally as nice and welcoming with all the modern amenities. There was even a vacant mini fridge to store drinks and any left overs you might bring back. Strange in a time when most hotels have the fridge stock piled full so that they can bill you the second one of those electronic senors detects that you have removed an item. But the room is not the place you want to spend your time. Outside the ocean beckons you. Since check-in was at 4PM we we had just enough time to settle in by the pool and have our first Mai Tai before sunset was about to start. In the background a band strumming mellow Hawaiian melodies plays to the dramatic effects taking place in the sky.For never having been here before, I felt strangely at home in no time. It was back up to the room for a luxurious shower and then out the front door to discover what culinary treats await us. You don't have to travel far to find great eats and so we didn't . You could in fact spend your entire trip in and around this hotel and you would have accomplished nothing - exactly what is needed sometimes.If you get a chance, I'd recommend getting fresh seafood at Duke's next door - the omma was a great flaky, buttery fish that I'd certainly go back for. Across the street is Cheeseburger in Paradise which if you haven't been before is a must anytime you're on the island.Rental car service can be arranged through the concierge and picked up next door at the Hyatt - how convenient. Day trips to the North Shore offer a great change of pace. Of course, if you've never tried surfing before there are world class surf instructors on the beach in front of the hotel.Extreme value for the money and worth every penny. Do consider paying the extra few bucks to stay here as opposed to staying in another hotel that is located several blocks back from the beach. You will enjoy every moment!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AndrewCA
<Content>Great Room View and Service First stay at the Moana Surfrider, we arrived and were upgraded to an ocean front suite in their new tower. View and accommodation were excellent. We had visited this hotel a year earlier when it was undergoing its change to a Westin and they seemed to be having a few problems at that time, however I am happy to say that they seem to have all the bugs worked out by now.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>GlobalEyes
<Content>Excellent Location in Waikiki but Not Good Value       Street View From Room  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>dcwhite11
<Content>"Be forewarned!" Well, following a 7 night stay at the Four Seasons in Maui the bar was set pretty high but regardless the Westin, Moana Surfrider just didn't measure up. From the outside the presentation was nice and the service was friendly but needed reminders. Being our honeymoon I had made a couple of special requests. And while the staff said they would be happy to accommodate... they never followed through. The special gift that the reservation staff said would be delivered to our room never showed up even after a second request, I had to make to separate requests for chocolate covered strawberries, and a bellhop said he would be bringing up another luggage stand but 4 hours later it wasn't delivered so I had to call again. This just isn't acceptable for a Westin Hotel.The hotel itself is nice enough but entirely too large for the amount of land it sits on. The pool was the size of something you would find in a Motel 6, and together with the beach was only able to accommodate about 1/4 the guests of the hotel. Beach chairs sat empty at the pool for hours without being reissued and there were close to being enough to begin with. The room was nicely appointed with the exception of the bathroom which was very average and too small for two people to get ready in. Our view from the tower facing Diamond Head was definitely the highlight of our stay at the Westin. It was spectacular. The shopping throughout Waikiki was fabulous and the food was great. We really enjoyed Sansei (not quite as good as on Maui), Roy's was super, and Cheeseburger in Paradise was about what we expected. If they want this Classic Hotel to be restored to the splender of it's past they need to turn the top 6 floors of the tower into suites and cut back the number of guests by about a 1/3 and it might be manageable. In all, I would say that you should understand that you're in a big city and not staying at a true beach resort. If you're expectations are in check you can enjoy your stay but if you're looking for a honeymoon getaway this isn't it. Spend the extra $100+ a night and go to Kauai or Maui... you won't be sorry I promise.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>mwleejr
<Content>The Jewel of Waikiki       Rocking Chairs  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MKP00
<Content>Lovely Hotel This is truly a wonderful hotel. Very authentic Hawaiian atmosphere. Service was prompt, without being pushy. Prices at the restaurants were a little pricey. But, it is Hawaii and just about everything is expensive.We had a partial OceanView Room that was rather large for not being a Jr Suite.The entertainment was great.The other 2 hotels in Waikiki that I saw were Halekalani and Royal Hawaiian. They are very nice too. We took a drive to SunSet Beach and stopped at the Dole PineApple Farms on the way. Well worth the beautiful drive. Stop at the little towns on the way.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>94131Traveler
<Content>The Good, The Bad and The Indifferent The Good:Good location, walking distance to almost everything in Honolulu. Hotel is actually on the beach, not across the street or down the street.The Bad:The Hotel is under construction, so there is noise, which is not that much of an issue unless you are trying to take a nap in your hotel room during the day. The hotel rooms are large, but not terribly well decorated (and I think these rooms have actually been remodeled). The d茅cor and furnishings look cheap. The closet is in the bathroom, which is a little odd and annoying. There is a refrigerator in the room for guest use, but no mini-bar (which is just odd). Otherwise, the room was clean and well maintained. The balcony was nice and had a great ocean view.With the hotel under construction, the gym was a bit pathetic. Not a great selection of machines and some were not working for the duration of our stay.There is no spa on property, although there is a good spa at the sister hotel next door.Probably most importantly, there is no upscale restaurant on property. It鈥檚 hard to imagine competing in the market they are targeting with only an open air bar/lounge and a mid/low tier restaurant/cafeteria (we didn鈥檛 eat here, but the menu and d茅cor didn鈥檛 look promising).As noted above, the hotel is in the middle of things, but that also means there is a lot of foot traffic and auto traffic right outside the hotel. You are literally walking in crowds every night to dinner. This is obviously more a criticism of Honolulu as a whole than this hotel in particular (although we had lunch at the Mandarin 鈥?or whatever it is called now 鈥?an this place was away from the madness and much more like resorts on Maui).The Indifferent:Service. The waitstaff at the pool and the bar/lounge were all very lackadaisical. It was hard to get their attention to order in the first place and nearly impossible to get them to care about you or your order once they plunked down the food. This really needs to change if Starwood really wants to change this from a Sheraton to a Westin. Unfortunately, this problem isn鈥檛 just confined to the Westin, there is an overall customer service issue in many places in Honolulu (with exceptions).The concierge was one of the few exceptions to the indifferent service. They genuinely tried to help. Unfortunately, they seemed at a bit of a loss when asked to recommend and make reservations at top tier restaurants (they seemed not to know, like it was somehow an unusual request). They did seem very helpful to the Japanese tourists and spoke English and Japanese.A few restaurant reviews:La Mer 鈥?Great food, great service, great wine list (a lot of wine by the half bottle, which we love, so we can pair wines with different courses). Beautiful restaurant. Sommelier seemed a bit overwhelmed. Expensive.Alan Wong 鈥?Good food, terrible location (neighborhood seems sketchy). OK d茅cor, mediocre service. A bit noisy. Tasting menu was good, but DO NOT use their wine parings 鈥?terrible choices and most are private labeled for Alan Wong. Order a bottle you like from the wine list.Chef Mavro 鈥?Interesting and good food. Good wine pairings. Good service, if a bit inexperienced at times. Good atmosphere (same bad general neighborhood as Alan Wong).Bali by the Sea 鈥?Very old fashioned looking and atmosphere (80鈥檚 sea foam green). This place needs remodeling. Located right above the beach 鈥?great views. Food is good, but misses great (cheesy chocolate Diamond Head dessert has to go 鈥?it even has dry ice to make mist 鈥?very 70鈥檚 or 80鈥檚 in a non-retro way). Sommelier was great 鈥?very good recommendations and very knowledgeable.Taormina 鈥?Hip looking place on Lewars Street, near the Halekulani. We actually found this place walking around the City on our way to dinner at another restaurant and decided to take a chance on it. Great gamble! Interesting food, executed extremely well. It doesn鈥檛 look very Hawaiian 鈥?even contemporary Hawaiian, and it isn鈥檛. It looks more like a hip urban restaurant on the mainland 鈥?but without the overblown attitude. Service was very eager, if a little unsure 鈥?which was actually a refreshing departure from other places in Honolulu.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>Globetrotters92
<Content>Wonderful hotel, very romantic This hotel is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. It is absolutely charming. The best part is the live music each night on the veranda. Service was impeccable, and the rooms are very lovely. I definitely recommend staying in the historic Banyan inn because of its charm.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skysydney
<Content>excellent choice       my diamond head vista  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Frequentflyermom
<Content>Great Experience We just returned from a lovely experience here.We booked on a low rate from World Vacations. We had booked a city view so I did not expect to get upgraded. We were given a 6th floor room in the old hotel section, but the room was obviously recently renovated. Downsides were the room was small and even on the 6th floor, there was quite a bit of street noise. Upsides: the bed was great, there was a fridge and safe and nice flat screen TV. The bathroom, while small, was very well-appointed.The Concierge had very helpful information, giving us several options for visiting the Arizona Memorial. When we selected one, they called and booked it for us immediately. The service they recommended was a good one.The old part of the historic hotel is lovely. It is one of the few hotels truly on the beach. We had little trouble getting a lounge chair or table by the pool, beach, or bar. The hotel is well located for shopping on the street or sitting on the beach.It was also fun to rock on the front porch chairs and watch the events happening on the street.The staff was uniformly helpful and friendly.The restaurant food was not cheap (but it is Honolulu!); $25 for a breakfast buffet. However, it was a good buffet, including Japanese foods as well as American. Good fruit; a number of hot items; good pastries.Renovations are still happening; they were working on lobby carpeting when we were there.Since I am a SPG Platinum, we were given free breakfasts each morning and a 4 p.m. check-out. Since our flight was leaving after 11 p.m., they moved out bags for us to storage with no hassle. They also offered a day room, but we did not try this. Also, the Tower Club lounge, while small, was nice.We would definitely return!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andrew36Brisbane
<Content>book this hotel This hotel is the best. I used trip advisor when organising my holiday and changed my original booking after reading other people's reviews of the moana.. and am so glad i did.The hotel's handy, historic and right on the best part of the beach. We loved the beach cabanas, the pool bar service and the rocking chairs at the front of the hotel. Staff were very friendly and helpful with recommending and booking restaurants, and organising transport to and from tourist destinations like Pearl Harbour. We can't wait to come back!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>businesstraveller60
<Content>Front desk staff are rude and descriminate based on the room rate reserved! I've booked the special offer that the hotel website offered which is what they call the rack rate. I've requested an upgrade and was turned down faster than finishing my sentence. Special rate offered a late checkout of 4pm but on my 2nd day of stay, I received a call to tell me that the 4pm checkout was not available and that I had to check out the regular check out of 12 noon. The room I was put in was Diamond Wing, the smallest room I have ever stayed in and only have stayed in 4 + hotels, the bathroom is very small, you sit in the toilet and the door is 5 inches away from your face, that's how small the bathroom is. The AC was horribly loud, old and never reached the temp. I've set it in, it stayed at 74 degrees, but if you turned it off it gets too hot and stuffy don't forget it's a compact room so you'll die of crampiness and heat if you don't have the obnoxiously loud AC turned on. I've complained about the AC and noone ever came to check it. I've requested for a larger room and the staff would only change my room if I paid additional $165.00 per night. Their special offers is not worth it as they take back whatever is offered to you, the late check out and stick you in their worst rooms available and the front desk staff gives you an attitude if you ask or request for a better room. I travel frequently and have never been treated poorly the way I was treated at this hotel. It also seems that they were doing it deliberately!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thebutlerdidit
<Content>Terrific stay - we'll be back at the Moana Surfrider! After a couple of visits to the Halekulani on Waikiki, I didn't think my wife would ever want to stay anywhere else. It is a beautiful, classy, but expensive hotel. When I booked a Thanksgiving week trip this year at the Moana Surfrider (to save some money) I expected my wife would be disappointed. But she loved it. We stayed in a partial ocean view room on the 11th floor of the Tower Wing. The only ocean view in our room was out on the balcony, but we were glad to have that balcony (next time we'll pop for a full ocean view!). The hotel is being renovated and the Tower wing is finished. The furnishings, decorations and bedding are beautifully done. The room was spotlessly clean. The bathroom and the closet were a little small for us, but both of us brought too many clothes for oursix night stay and somehow we fit it all in. Although the rooms are about a third smaller than at the Halekulani, we didn't really feel cramped. The room was totally quiet - we slept great. We'd recommend a room on a high floor in the Tower wing. Westin thoughtfully put real refrigerators in the rooms, instead of those ridiculous mini-bars. The Banyan Courtyard is beautiful, the pool a little small but very refreshing, and access to the beach - including a private area with lounge chairs and umbrellas - is great. Waikiki is crowded - especially during Thanksgiving week - but we always managed to find room lay out between the pool and the beach and enjoy the weather, which was perfect (low humidity - we like November in Hawaii!). Whilethere is a snack bar and table service in the Banyan Courtyard, the Surfrider's signature restaurant hadn't yet reopened following renovation. (By the time you read this, it'll probably be open.) The best nearby dining options for dinner were right next door at the Outrigger Hotel - Chuck's Steak House, the Hula Grill and Duke's. We had Thanksgiving dinner at Roy's on Waikiki Walk - terrific.Our package purchased through Costco included the daily breakfast buffet, which we thought was terrific. I thought the Beachside Cafe where the buffet was served looked a little tired, but in the cafe's outside seating, the view of Waikiki is unbeatable. Ask to sit outside!After experiencing the Moana Surfrider my wife has decided that the Halekulani, as great as it is, is a little stuffy by comparison. (We did, however, have a beautiful evening at the Halekulani's House Without A Key during our trip.) And my wife loves the fact that the Surfrider is right across the street from her favorite shopping at Waikiki. We thought the service and the quality of the hotel staff at the Surfrider was first rate. And we were there during a peak holiday week when the hotel was full.I appreciate the fact that there are great deals to be had on this hotel, both through Starwood and through outfits like Costco and AARP.The Halekulani hardly ever has deals on its rooms. We did take advantage of an American Express 3-nights-for-the-price-of-2 deal at the Halekulani a few years ago. We haven't seen anything like it on the Halekulani since.I decided I would write this review before I see the credit card billsfrom my wife's Waikiki shopping sprees with her mother. If I have any money left, we'll be planning a 20th wedding anniversary trip back to the Surfrider next year for sure! If the hotel's upcoming new restaurant and spa live up to the rest of the property, I'll give 'em five stars next time.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Rdi2Go
<Content>Memorable stay at the Moana Surfrider Wonderful location on Waikiki with the sand and surf just steps away. Beautiful front porch with rocking chairs, spacious  welcoming lobby area, and the Banyan Court/Beachside Bar area provides a wonderful relaxing area to watch surfers, enjoy the sunset, and to listen to nightly entertainment. Hotel staff unfailingly pleasant and helpful and at check-in, I was greeted with beautiful flower lei. Although the room was on the small side, it was very, very comfortable, attractively decorated, and the in-room refrigerator was a nice amenity. The housekeeper greeted me by name the first morning as I was leaving the room.Concierge service superb and provided helpful advice on day trips plus maps and also made a reservation at Alan Wong's restaurant, a very much in-demand reservation to secure. The hotel travel service desk had a person with whom to book day trips and she was pleasant, however, didn't want to put me with tour company offering smaller group tours I'd heard about from another source; local tour options for Honolulu and Hawaii are overwhelming and it's difficult to discern which is the best company to take for any given type of tour. A friend who resides in Kona recommended the Moana and raved about their afternoon tea on the terrace. If you are looking forward to afternoon tea -- check with the Moana to ensure it's available. The upscale restaurant is under renovation and afternoon tea was not an option during my visit.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Flutie11
<Content>Not disappointed again We stayed for a week in late October and the hotel again exceeded our expectations. We used to stay at the Outrigger next door but now stay here; the Moana Surfrider has a more elegant feel and an added plus of beach chairs and umbrellas available for guest to use in a roped off area on the beach. The first three nights of our vacation the hotel was full so we stayed in a city view room in the Diamond Wing on the third floor. We booked through a package deal and booked the lowest room rate. Although this room did not have an ocean view or a balcony we enjoyed the quietness of the room and the lack of wait for the elevator. The room was recently renovated and although a bit on the small size the two queen beds still fit nicely. Since we have been to Hawaii many times before an ocean view room was not mandatory and this room would have served our entire stay just fine. As a gold starwood member on our fourth night we were upgraded to a tower partial ocean view room. We were able to move rooms after a late breakfast and the bell staff moved our luggage and got us settled in the new room. The tower rooms are a bit larger with a larger bathroom and the balcony is great to sit out in the morning or evening to wind down. The one downfall about the tower rooms are they are not as quiet, you can hear other guests in the hallways, the elevators are slow, and the doors slam loudly at all hours. The staff was again superb from the greeter who welcomes you with juice and lei upon arriving to the room attendants, parking valets, and beach staff. I highly recommend your next stay in Waikiki be at the Moana Surfrider.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TallulahLeeds
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We just got back from the Moana Surfrider where we spent 7 days celebrating our silver wedding. The staff were more than helpful at anytime day or night- infact when the flowers didnt arrive for us to use in the ceremony we had to renew our vows,the conceirge went out and got us a lei to use free of charge.The room exceeded our expectations, we had requested a partial ocean view room and expected to have to stand on a chair to see the ocean(!)- this was not the case, it was clearly in view from our balcony. Our room was next to the lift and we had thought we would hear it all night but we didnt hear it once.The bed was very comfy and huge!! We were pleasantly surprised that we were able to book our sunbeds exactly where we wanted them on the beach the day before and that we didnt need to use our beach towels as they were provided for us- again free of charge. One day we cancelled our booking as we were going on a tour and was asked if we needed towels for our trip- we didnt but it was nice to be asked.We ate at the beachside cafe at lunchtimes and the food was very enjoyable- the smoothies were especially nice.We were not aware that the package we had booked came with $75 worth of food , this was a nice surprise when we first booked in.The Moana Surfrider has been taken over by Westin Resorts and is in the middle of extensive renovations , although they didnt get in the way of the guests at all.Overall the Mona was a great hotel and we will be booking to go again next year.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aussieitchyfeet
<Content>A Beautiful Oasis in Waikiki We loved staying at the Westin and had a couple of wonderful days here.We were able to check in at 1130am on arrival and the check in staff were exellent. Our room in the Tower wing was gorgeous and had a lovely veiw over the beach.The High Tea on the verandah was really elegant (and delicious). We also loved the rocking chairs for the guests on the street front and beach front verandahs.The Banyon Tree courtyard was also a great place to sit and relax , have a cocktail or just people watch. The hotel staff really looked after us well and made us feel special.(the only exception were some very indifferent staff at the outside entrance when we needed a taxi on different occasions and this was only noticable because all the other staff were so fantastic) The pool area while not large was lovely and we found it very relaxing sitting in the beach chairs provided for guests on the beach. The hotel is in a great location near shops and great places to eat. The girls (an 8yr and 17yr old) and I enjoyed every minute of our stay here. We will be back!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>optimystic
<Content>An oasis of tranquility in busy Waikiki       The view from our lanai on the 19th floor of the tower wing  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SEB64200
<Content>WODERFUL PLACE It's our 4th time in HI and The Westin Moana Surfrider is the best location on Waikiki. During this stay we were on TOWER WING at the 17th floor with a fantastic view : overlooking Waikiki Beach with Diamond Head and cristalin water....sometimes turtles were very close to the shore, fantastic !... The new hotel ( before Sheraton Moana ) is very clean, the new lobby very nice and lightness with hawaiin flower's flavour. About the room with ocean view, it was large with nice balcony.Some items were refurbished, new heavenly bed very confortable, new Plasma TV but the floor must be changed...very tired ! Unfortunaly, The banyan Veranda restaurant was closed during our stay, we were dissapointed because we're loving this very nice place. So, you can go to the Royal hawaiian SURF ROOM restaurant, very fine and nice cuisine, it's a must !....TOM the server is fantastic, ask about him for a nice service....A bad point for the hotel, the Beach Side Cafe at diner timer... very rude welcome, bad service if you take the  a la carte  formule !....As a conclusion, this hotel is the best one.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pup1971
<Content>Honolulu's best hotel This place is incredible. The service, the rooms, the pool, the foyer - all fabulous. I would not stay at any other hotel in Honolulu again. From the moment you arrive, you know you are in good hands. The newly refurbish foyer is stunning; its breezy, warm and has has such peaceful energy. Each day we sat by the pool, ordered mai tais and forgot about our lives for the week. We'd planned to do many activities during our stay in Oahu but found ourselves by the pool every day unwinding. The staff complete the moana experience. Make sure you grab a cocktail from Chris in the bar and be sure to look out for June poolside. These guys know the meaning of service - they deserve every tip they get. Be sure to tip the pool attendants too. They'll bring you fresh towels, fruit and make sure you get the best deck chair each day. This place can't be beaten for ambience, service, proximity to the beach and the great mix of other guests staying in the hotel. Spot-on guys! I'll be back again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AroundThaWorld
<Content>Beautiful Courtyard       Surfrider - View from porch  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>BabyJava
<Content>The Best Service Ever! It Was Just Like Home!       View From The Banyan Bar @ The Moana  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>usababe
<Content>Loved the Moana Surfrider       our room at moana surfrider  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fractal_7
<Content>Beautiful Hotel and Great Staff! I booked a one night stay here for my mother and I but accidently booked the room for the wrong date. The front staff did not even wince or balk at my silly error even though the hotel was just about full to capacity. The person helping me calmly went into the backroom and was gone for perhaps 5 minutes and found a beautiful room for us. I was stressed initially but his calmness and great customer service put me at ease. I will never forget the great service I received at this hotel with the staff exhibiting no condescension whatsover.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hammer28
<Content>Moana Surfrider - Exceeding all Expectations!       Diamond Head from Balcony  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FFTPQ
<Content>Honeymoon Finale We stayed at the Moana Surfrider for 5 nights at the end of a 4wk honeymoon through Europe and the US. We arrived at 1.00pm and our room wasn't ready (we did expect this). We were told to come back at 2.00pm and it would be ready. We weren't offered anywhere to change or freshen up after our long flight from San Francisco and were absolutely exhausted. At 2.00pm the room wasn't ready so went back at 2.30, still not ready. The staff at the check in desk were not very helpful and were a little rude. Finally at 3.30 we were able to check in - a half hour past the advertised 'check-in time'. We were not impressed. The room was a little smaller than expected and the bathroom old and musty with mould in the shower. Very disappointing. The concierge desk was ALWAYS busy and there's no appt/number system, we got quite frustrated having to wait around for an hour or so every time we wanted to know/do something.The buffet at the restaurant was great, plenty of choice and nice and relaxing sitting out on the balcony.The highlight of our stay here was seeing CAMERON DIAZ! She was staying here with Kelly Slater and they sat right behind us at the pool! After a couple of hours with friends they disappeared back up to the room. We overheard one of the bartenders saying she always stays here when she comes to Hawaii.So I guess it must be ok! (Though I bet they had a nice flash suite in the Tower on the top floor!)  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>MGlaessel
<Content>Absolutely loved the Moana Surfrider My partner and I decided to treat ourselves for our anniversary this year with a one weeks holiday in Hawaii. A place were we both always wanted to go. We decided on the Moana Surfrider as we liked the 'old world' look and its direct access to the beach. We booked with the hotel directly and service was very personal and speedy. We arrived late at night and fell in love with the hotel the moment we walked in. The interior has recently been refurbished and it smelled heavenly of orchids. At check-in we discover to our surprise that we had been upgraded from a city view room to a parcial ocean view room. The room was larger than our living room back home and included a large king bed and a view to die for.All in all we had the most amazing time. The staff, especially from the bar, were always forthcoming and helpful. All our booking requests were honoured. And in contrary to what we expected, it was rather easy to get loungers on the beach. The only negative would probably be that the Banyan Veranda was closed for refurbishment and the dining options were rather limited, but this was by US standards not very surprising. We also used one of the hospitality rooms located in the Diamond Wing, a part of the hotel that is in dire need of attention.But as I said, five star service and we had the best holiday ever.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>familymam
<Content>Good when finally got the right room. My family and I stayed at the Moana Surfrider in July 2007. I was slightly anxious about booking the hotel as I had read some fairly uncomplimentary reviews about the hotel. I knew that the hotel was converting to a Westin by the time we arrived, so feeling comforted with this knowledge, I booked the hotel. We arrived from Australia earlyish in the morning. I didn't expect to be checked in straight away, and was told by the hotel staff that the room we had booked was not yet ready. They very kindly offered us a room to get changed into our bathers so we could go to the beach whilst they serviced our room. After seeing many other people being checked in before us, (who by the way, had arrived after us) at about 2.00pm I enquired as to the status of our room. They told me that it was almost ready. I had unknowingly booked a room in the Diamond Wing of the Hotel. I thought from the photos on the hotels website that all the rooms were fairly similar. At this stage my husband and two children were exhausted and I was starting to get really annoyed. By bthe time we finally checked in it was after 3.00pm. We got to the room, where we were met by two tradesmen and were told that there was a broken mirror in the bathroom. I refused to stay in a room that had a broken mirror and requested that we be moved (after all this is a Westin Hotel). They then moved us to another room that was disgusting. There were stains on the carpet and walls, and the bathroom was very old and outdated with rust and mould stains. At this stage I was furious and very tired. I called the reception, they told me that I had booked a room in the Diamond Wing and that was that. I said that I refused to stay in a room that looked like that and they had misrepresented themselves on their website. I had found the staff was most unhelpful when checking in. One older woman on reception was deliberately ignoring us. It was so rude. I finally found someone that was prepared to help. I think his name was Paul and he got on to the Duty Manager who then offered us a room in the Tower. We virtually ran there. The rooms are way more spacious and the bathrooms more modern and twice the size of the ones in the Diamond Wing. After we finally settled in, we ended up having a lovely stay in the hotel, but I would certainly not recommend that anyone book a room in the Diamond Wing until it has been refurbished. I also thought it unfair that we were going to be checking out at 6.00 am, and that should be considered when checking in  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>808travelgirl
<Content>Beautiful to Look at ONLY This hotel has always been one the prettiest to look at in Waikiki... I've stayed at the Hilton, Halekulani, Royal Hawaiian, and the other not so nice hotels... I thought, this one should be good, it looks so beautiful and charming upon first impression. The rooms themselves (I was in the renovated, new side of the hotel) were a little small, but clean and nice. My biggest complaint about this property is that there are not enough elevators for the tower and the A/Cs are in desperate need of an overhaul. Specifically, my husband and I waited about 5-10 minutes for the the elevator. I kept the thermastat in my room at 60 F for our entire 3 day stay and it never got cooler than 74F. And the hallways of the tower were probably about 85F throughout our stay. I would not recommend the Breakfast buffet, which was not a good deal by any means. At $26/pp, you'd expect more than eggs benedict, bacon, and pastries? Even the Hale Koa's Sunday brunch is much better. The best breakfast buffets are at the Halekulani and the Hawaii Prince. If you don't mind traveling outside of Waikiki, the Ihilani is beautiful and they have probably one of the best spa's on the island and the A/Cs always work well in Kapolei. The Kahala Hotel is also a very nice hotel (also nicer than the Moana). And both have nice size rooms and your never waiting around for one of only four elevators for 20+ floors...  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>loves2travel101
<Content>The most amazing hotel  This was probably the most amazing hotel that I have stayed at! My fiance and I stayed there for a romantic getaway and the hotel treated us like royalty! We received complementary leis and jice upon check in. They upgraded us for free to a wonderful room overlooking the ocean. When the room wasn't ready they held our bags and when we arrived again they gave us more juice and leis! I love it! The service was exceptional. The food was perfect, the room was large and pristine! I loved the beach front access with the lounge chairs and the beach service. The bar area was awesome and I loved the performances at night. The performances were better than the performances at the luau. The hotel made our Hawaiian experience amazing.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rachlikesrhythm
<Content>The First Lady of Waikiki gets a makeover We stayed at the Moana Surfrider from Friday 13th to Thursday 19th July 2007.Our first impressions of the hotel were superb. It is a stunning building, particularly when compared to the concrete tower blocks scarring the Waikiki skyline.We were upgraded to an ocean front room and given a $75 food credit as we were honeymooners and were greeted with fresh flower lei's (pronounced lays - that confused me too!) on arrival. The hotel is currently under refurbishment although not a lot seems to be being done. The main foyer and reception area is completed and is gorgeous, but work is currently being carried out on the Banyan Wing (the middle historic part of the hotel) so this section was closed as was the Banyan Terrace.We were put in the Diamond Wing. Our room had a fantastic view of the beach and Diamond Head with a balcony. However, it smelt musty and old, the bathroom was entirely beige plastic that had seen much better days and when you turned the shower on it flooded into the bedroom. We slept there on our first night as it was 9pm, after being told at reception that the hotel was full (a third of the rooms were off limits due to rennovation).The following morning, we spoke to reception and I insisted I would not stay in the same room. We were told the hotel was full and that nothing could be done but I stood my ground. We argued that we had paid for a luxury hotel and got a room that looked like something out of Psycho to which we were told that we had already been upgraded to a room with an ocean view.I refused to leave reception until something had been sorted, at which point (after a lengthy chat with a supervisor) a room became free in the Tower Wing. It had two double beds (we were on honeymoon and American doubles are cosy to say the least) but we took the room as there was no way I could stay in the current one.The new room was much, much nicer with a partial ocean view. The bathroom was modern and clean (not really a bath to bathe in though) but compared to the other room it was like the Ritz!Although we had trouble moving our room, the staff were friendly and courteous at all times and I'm a little disappointed that we had to have the trouble with the room as the rest of the hotel could not be faulted.The poolside bar was great with superb cocktails. The pool is small but you're directly onto Waikiki Beach and shouldn't need one.Duke's bar and restaurant (part of the Outrigger next door) is a fun place to grab good food and cocktails, the menu is a little short though.The Diamond Wing that we were originally placed in is due to be refurbished in November. Once this has been completed I'm sure the hotel will be beautiful throughout and we would like to come back after this has been done when we won't have to worry about which room we'll be in!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>leebo
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful       Pretty much the same as the pic before  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WorldTraveler888
<Content>One of the top hotels in the area Fantastic rooms (especially if you opt for the historical side, with a view toward the police station), great pool/beach area, centrally located; one day get up early and walk across the street to rent a convertible and drive up the right side of the island to North Shore (eat at Boots and Kimo--get the special syrup, and try the shrimp trucks) then head back down through the middle of the island toward Dole Plantation. Visit the conceriege area to book the dinner cruise (upgrade to get a window seat and better meal), swim with the dolphins, and go on the submarine to view the sea life. The coffee shop located in the front of the hotel is the best on the island--Honolulu Coffee. Oh yeah, try the surfing school next to the hotel just behind the police station, LuLu's for breakfast, and the place next door for a burger, Dukes.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SpiderBoy
<Content>Great Location Moana Surfrider is located in the best spot ... literally on the beach. Close to restaurants and shopping.Great room albeit ocean view includes an interesting side-view into the Outrigger (part of staying in Waikiki).Banyan Tree Courtyard is a great for a cocktail over a wonderful outlook.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gilbert02
<Content>Great hotel - doesn't disappoint My husband and I had stayed at the MS in December 2003 and when we returned to Waikiki for a short, 3 night stay this January there was no question where we would stay. We were not disappointed. From the moment we checked in and were greeted with a lei and guava juice until they let us have a late checkout on our final day the stay was perfect.First of all, this hotel is in the most perfect location on the Waikiki strip. Right in the middle and next to fantastic restaurants and shops. It also has an excellent beachfront location. The pool area was always crowded and it was January so the pool was a bit cold but we reserved cabanas on the sand every day and were never disappointed. Pool service is a tiny bit slow but the food is good and so are the drinks.Rooms are spacious and immaculate, we had an oceanview room in the tower wing. Noise was not a problem and as I mentioned before, we were allowed a 4pm checkout.I would not hesitate to book this hotel again for my next Waikiki stay.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>APFlyer
<Content>Not even the Westin can save this hotel from needed capital upgrades I have to agree with the what hotel is this? review. I was considering another try at the property this summer, esp. with the Westin taking over its management. But bottom line is that the property needs a serious capital upgrade. The air-conditioning in the tower sounds like it hasn't changed. The property owner , assuming its not starwood, got lucky with getting Westin to take over the management. Bottom line for us is to spend a little more and stay at a property that you will enjoy. The Honolulu properties do not really stand out....except the Halekulani.... Will try the JW Marriott ...or head to Maui where the properties and service are much better. For Starwood, I would only stay at the Royal Hawaiian, tower wing...  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bo28
<Content>Great Hotel, In the middle of Waikiki       View from balcony of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>californiamom
<Content>What hotel was this? I cannot believe that this hotel is a Westin Resort. Yes, it just changed over on June 1, but there are problems that need attention. Some of these problems can be fixed, but unfortunately others cannot. Management did generously compensate us for our difficulties, but I would not stay here again. Communication issues with personnel. We had to request things over and over to the point of exhaustion. When we received our requested items, what we wanted and what they brought were two completely different things every single time. And no, I'm not kidding. The only thing they got right was that they brought our bags to the right room. I kept asking myself where in the world was I staying? The restaurant downstairs has a mediocre breakfast buffet. I am glad we were only staying one night. I absolutely would not have been able to stay more than that. Also, we did stay in the tower. The positives are that the room was very large by hotel standards. There is also very good lighting. The location is ideal because you are in the center of all the Honolulu action. There is also the heavenly bed and heavenly shower with an interesting shower head. It had two positions on the wall: either you are very short or you are about 7' tall. Anything in between and it was kind of weird. Not sure who thought of that! The shower head was moveable, though. Oh yes, the air conditioning. The place is hot! The hallways in the tower were hot, humid and stuffy. That should have been my first indication that there is a general air conditioning problem throughout the tower. And then the room... Unfortunately if you like your room cold, our air conditioner never got below 75 degrees (and that was with leaving it on all night). I am not sure what the air conditioning system in the room was. Most hotel rooms have what I would consider central air, i.e., a thermostatic control on the wall and then a large vent on the wall just below the ceiling. This hotel has a large, silver rectangular box attached to the wall from which the air blows. The vents are on top of this silver box thing so the air actually blows up, not out. When we got to our room, the air was not on. Understand that it is pretty humid in Hawaii. Plus, a large part of the tower is completely blocked from ocean breezes because the Outrigger tower is right next door. No ceiling fan either. I like the SPG program and have been a very devoted member. I just still can't believe that this is a Westin property. I travel a lot for business and pleasure. I do consider myself a discriminating traveler. I definitely expected more. We have stayed in Honolulu several times at several other properties. We NEVER had the type of problems that we experienced at the Westin, including the air conditioning issues, so I know that this is not a general Honolulu thing. I do not think it was in Westin's best interest to convert this property. I do not like writing reviews like this, but I rely heavily on this website for recommendations and wanted to give others a heads up.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	-1	1	4	

<Author>ssiga
<Content>Classy First Lady of Waikiki Lovely, gracious hotel with charm and sophistication. Excellant experience from the welcome with flowers, cold fruit beverage, and wet wash cloth...to the final check out. Room was large and had been completely renovated with a beautiful ocean front view.Fabulous open lobby with beautiful view of the ocean complete with a veranda, casual chairs and tables under the giant banyon tree. Pool is small but we stayed on the Westin private beach under the cabanna which were provided free of charge.Staff was very friendly and courteous...excellant concierge service...food was okay as the main dining room was being renovated and was temporarily closed...also great proximenty to tseveral upscale resturants within walking distance...nice crowd at the Moana...  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>taxistarfish
<Content>Good if you get the right room We stayed four nights at the Sheraton Moana in May. We booked an ocean view room in the Banyan area which is the historic part of the hotel. Our first room where we spent our first night was terrible. Tiny and only had a small ocean view from a side window. As it was on the side of the wing you only saw the sea if you looked out the window to the right. The bathroom was the smallest hotel bathroom I've ever seen and did not have a full bath. The next morning we changed rooms and were moved to a fantastic room above the Banyan Courtyard. It had it's own balcony with loungers, full bathroom and was much bigger. We were very happy with this room which looked straight out to sea. However the bathroom was a bit tired and there was a strange musty smell which has been mentioned in other reviews. I don't know what this smell was - wet carpet at some stage?Food and drink-wise, the food and cocktails at the pool bar were definetely below standard. Very bad pre-mixes in the drinks. However the Moana is located right next door to Dukes which does fantastic cocktails so we just went there. Unfortunately the Veranda cafe was shut while we were there so we couldn't eat there.Overall we had a fantastic stay and would recommend the Moana if you get the right room. The location on the beach is fantastic and the old fashioned charm of the hotel is great. I would not be saying this however if we'd been stuck in our first room for the entire stay.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>taurus524
<Content>"Oldest Hotel"- It shows I stayed at this hotel for two evenings on both ends of a trip to the South Pacific. I have been to Honolulu many times and have stayed at several hotels in the Waikiki area. I thought I would treat myself to a stay here, since I have always admired the beautiful appearance of this hotel. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed by both of my nights here. My first night was in one of the renovated towers, and I would describe the room as okay. It had the typical high-quality bedding, which was very comfortable, but the rest of the room needed rennovation. The carpet was old and stained, and the bathtub was full of hard water stains and just didn't look clean. I was very surprised that the rates were so high after seeing the room. During my second night, I was given one of the lower quality rooms, which had a horrible smell of mold/mildew and it was dark and tiny. It was so bad, that I asked the bellman to stay outside my room while I called the desk and asked to be relocated to a different room. The hotel staff were very nice and relocated me to a room in the historic wing of the hotel. Honestly, thought it was better, but was certainly not deluxe, by my standards. It had many of the original features of the hotel, but the windows appeared to be original (single pane) and I could hear everything going on outside (it was loud-with music until late in the evening). It is similar to living in an old home- charming but quirky at the same time. I checked out after this second night and went to another hotel. Overall, I thought the hotel was very expensive for what I got. I won't stay here again.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Pongdog
<Content>The First Lady Has Seen Better Days The Moana Surfrider claims to be the First Lady of Waikiki, the first hotel built on Waikiki Beach, in 1901. This hotel is sorely in need of an upgrade. We spent six nights in room 501 of the Banyan Wing. Our room overlooked the porte cochre on one side and Kalakaua Avenue 90 degrees to the right. The first thing we noticed was the street noise that reached us up on the fifth floor. Just about everything can be heard, at all hours of the day and night, as the windows were single glazed, i.e., one pane of glass, with zero insulation qualities. The loudness of the air conditioning, even on its lowest setting, helped to mask the street noise somewhat, however. The only way we were able to get a decent night's sleep was with the help of earplugs. Street performers of all types set up on Kalakaua and play until well past 11 PM. There was an obnoxious solo drummer, the obilgatory fake steel drum artist, and a female guitarist with one of those nails-on-chalkboard voices. Parking is $15 per night in a hotel garage across Kalakaua, about a 10 minute retreive, IF you can remember where you left your car. The swimming pool was chilly for May; I don't believe it was heated. At these prices you should be able to have a heated pool, one would think. The bathroom was small enough where I could stand in the middle and touch the opposite walls at the same time, in both directions. The tub was perhaps 4.5 feet long, requiring my wife to curl up to get inside. The bathroom itself did not have any means to exhaust air. You have to pay to use wired internet; a two hour block cost $4.14. The television guide is a clown act; it'll take an easy 90 seconds to load up before you can navigate to the ordinary channel function.All in all, this was a very expensive stay in a hotel that has seen better days.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	5	3	4	3	1	

<Author>nicla
<Content>beautiful historic hotel ~ one of the architectural stand-outs on Waikiki Beach~ beautiful lobby, staircase, porches, pool area  view of Diamond Head~ room was in the older wing- small room, view of street, noisy mechanical sounds were bothersome~ very clean~ expensive  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lmnk
<Content>Awesome stay in the new tower My husband and I arrived at the Moana to a room in the Banyan (old) wing. The room was small, no balcony, no dresser to unpack, small 16-19 inch tv and and a bit of a smell. The carpet was pretty stained too. I was ok with it, since I knew we wouldn't be spending much time in the room, but after we ate and walked around town I asked the front desk staff if there were rooms open in the main tower. The woman I spoke with was SOOOO AWESOME! She told me the hotel wasn't full and we could move right away if we wanted. Talk about a HUGE difference! Our room was beautiful, had 2 balconies, a flat screen tv and even came with slippers and robes! I wish I would have gotten the womans name who helped us, we owe her big time. Our stay at the Moana was exceptional. The staff were awesome, from the wait staff to towel/cabana staff. The hotel is in the heart of everthing  has the nicest beach. I think by far it is the best place on Waikiki. That is if you get a room in the tower wing. I read others' complaints of noise on Tripadvisor before I left. The fact is the hotel is on the main drag of the biggest city in Hawaii. You're going to hear noise of the reggae players on the street and people out walking the strip. If you want quiet, you have to stay off the strip or go to a less populated island. I highly recommend this hotel if you stay in a room in the new tower. My experience would have been quite different if we would have remained in the old Banyan wing. Fortunately we got lucky and were able to switch. Whoever you are at the Sheration front desk...THANK YOU! You made our stay great!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>katie43uk
<Content>so romantic we stayed at the surfrider in march for 7 nights,, the hotel is amazing, and on the wednesday night, we renewed our vowes, with some other couples staying there. the only thing we did not like was the cost of afternoon tea which was very average, and the waitress asked us for a bigger tip when we got the bill, dispite average service. apart from that we would deffinately return to this hotel as i consider it to be by far the best on wikiki beach.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Crysha
<Content>Simply OK Originally, I was given a room in the Banyan Wing. This is the older side, which has small rooms. You can hear EVERYTHING! Every step made above you, outside the room, in the hallway, etc. The rooms and bathrooms are extremely small. And this wing has a weird smell. I asked to be moved because I was on a business trip and could not work in the small room. The desk person gave me a really hard time, but I was persistent and was moved to the Diamond side, which was better. There are lots of weddings at this hotel. The private beach they advertise is not private at all. They were constructing a new section of the hotel when I was there, which was quite noisy. It's an okay hotel right on the strip near everything, but you're definitely gonna pay for the close proximity. I was not very impressed with the hotel, but it was okay.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>Cowboystevesprincess
<Content>Very very happy Anniversary       Beautiful rainbow landing on the beach  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MC-7
<Content>Absolutely amazing! My husband and I stayed at the Moana Surfrider for a week, at the end of our 6 week USA holiday, and it was the most wonderful end to a long trip. The hotel is everything we imagined and more. The staff are lovely, the rooms are absolutely beautiful and the facilities are amazing. We were greeted with a traditional lei on arrival and every request was met without a problem.We had a room in the original building with a courtyard and beach view which was amazing- waking every morning to the sound of the waves of the beach was wonderful. Every night a band played under the Banyan tree, which was lovely. Having direct access to the beach and the use of the banana lounges was a big bonus.The breakfast on the verandah overlooking the beach was also a wonderful way to start the day, and relaxing in a rocking chair on the verandah out the front was a wonderful way to end the day.A lot of people may say that the other beachfront hotels are better than the Moana, but the history of this hotel, and the pride the staff have working there make this our first choice - we'll never stay at any other hotel in Waikiki.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ajsluys
<Content>A Great Disappointment My girlfriends and I decided to stay at the Surfrider for a fun weekend getaway. We called and booked our room 6 weeks in advance and reserved two connecting rooms with double beds (there were four of us and we each wanted our own bed). The rep on the phone assured that the space was available and reserved it for us. We called the property the morning of our arrival to be sure everything was set and the woman who answered the phone confirmed that we had two connecting rooms with double beds in each. Up to this point everyone had been professional and nice.When we got to the hotel, all of that changed. First, the property was renovating. This was not told to us by the representatives on the phone nor was it listed on the website. Being that I have worked as a meeting planner in the past, this is always one of the first questions I ask when making a reservation. Secondly, when we arrived on site we were told that our reservation was changed. They put us in two rooms, next to each other (not connecting), one room with a king bed and the other with two TWIN beds. When we told the woman working the desk that this was not what we had reserved, she behaved very rudely. She seemed upset that we were asking her to do her job. She said she would run a report and see what else was available in the hotel. After 20 minutes, she said nothing was available. I asked if perhaps a suite or something that could comfortably accommodate all 4 of us was available. She told us there was but there would be a price increase. That was not a problem since we were splurging to have a really nice weekend. We got to the suite and it was simply not up to the standards that we expected for the price they were asking us to pay. Again, there were two TWIN beds, a Murphy bed and a loveseat that was referred to as a couch by the woman at the desk. We immediately went back to the desk and informed them that the accommodations were unacceptable and requested that we be put back into the two rooms they had us in originally so that we would at least have two bathrooms. Low and behold, this time when she checked her registry, there were two rooms available with two double beds. The rooms were not connecting but on the same floor. We gladly accepted them. When I finally (after an hour and a half wasting time with the front desk) reached my room I was greeted by the smell of mold and wet dog. Being that we had so much trouble getting to our room, I didn鈥檛 even bother notifying the front desk. My girlfriends and I checked out first thing the next morning and moved to a different hotel that was much nicer and eager to please their guests. I would not recommend that anyone make a reservation at this property. The staff is rude and the property is unimpressive.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>SurfriderCA
<Content>Love the Moana This was my first stay at the Moana and it was a great experience. I was only there for one night after spending the previous night at the Royal Hawaiian, and the previous week on Molokai and Kauai.My time at the Moana was a great finale to an awesome trip. Having been to Hawaii on several occasions, I have toured the island of Oahu quite extensively so this time decided to simply stay at Waikiki. It was totally relaxing just hanging by the pool, swimming in the Pacific, doing a little surfing, exploring the hotel. The staff was very nice.....from the moment I checked in and received the warm towel, guava juice, and lei....right up to the time I checked out the next day.It is indeed pricey, but what the heck. Hotels can be that way. Especially ones that are as nice as the Moana, and located right on the beach.The cool breezes flowing through the lobby, the views of the ocean out the back of the hotel, the banyan tree an impressive fixture, the sounds of the musical trio playing classic Hawaiian songs in the evening under the banyan tree.....it was total paradise....in a totally historic setting.When I checked in they had me in one of the towers, so I decided to put in a personal request for the Banyan Wing as I dig staying in old, classic hotels. The woman at the desk was very up front about the fact that all they had were rooms at the front of the hotel, facing the street. She noted that it might be a little noisier than the room they originally had me in. I told her it was cool.....that I really liked the old part of the hotel....and she obliged.Maybe it was because it was a work/school night (Monday night), but I found no problem with street noise at all. The ambiance at the Moana is awesome, and even though it is pricey, the historic quality of a stay at this very cool hotel made it worthwhile.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>crock
<Content>A sentimental journey - Loved the Moana               More photos  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MisrEmiri
<Content>Perfect for my dad, now 84 Our first introduction to this hotel was in 2005. After losing my mum to cancer in June 2004, I decided to take my dad on a nice vacation, in a warm climate, but staying at a historical hotel. So, this was the hotel that brought us to Hawai'i in the first place, and for that I shall always be grateful. Anyone else who has had the good fortune to visit this paradise will know exactly what I mean.We stayed here again during our last visit to Honolulu, from 13 to 21 February 2007. It seemed as though we had never left and that two years had passed between our two visits.This time around, I insisted upon staying in the Banyan Wing which is the original 1901 Moana Hotel. The Banyan Wing is undoubtedly the most beautiful part of the hotel, and if you can just block out the crowds and the din around you for a moment, you can still taste what Waikiki was once like. The corridors of the Banyan Wing are wide and quiet (deceptivly so, I regret to say). Our room was larger than our 2005 Diamond Wing room and the walls were not so paper thin that we heard the going-ons in the rooms on either side of us. However, we had a city view room (actually over the porte-cochere) and the most annoying thing was the sound of the buskers coming every evening from Kalakaua Avenue. These buskers were the same drummer and the same saxophonist (who always included a rendition of the theme from The Flintstones in his repertoire) playing the same noise each evening. Luckily, though, the buskers stopped by about 11:00pm and actually, shortly after midnight, Kalakaua Avenue quiets down all together. The room itself was quite plain; the bathroom was a decent size, but there was no closet. There is an armoire which serves as a closet and TV stand. Housekeeping was very good all around.We recognized many of the serving staff at breakfast at the Beachside Cafe all of whom we were happy to see again. The serving staff at the Beachside are always pleasant and quick to deliver anything you ask for. The views over Diamond Head and the beach are beautiful. However, if you learn only one thing from this review, please let this be it: DO NOT LEAVE YOUR TABLE UNATTENDED IF YOU ARE EATING OUTDOORS IN HAWAI'I. The birds are way too fearless and aggressive. The moment you get up from your table, they swoop down and start gorging themselves on anything and everything left on the plates. I wintessed other (novice) guests make this mistake on a few occasions, and each time this happens, the staff clear everything off the table (resulting in an often terrible waste of food). I regret, though, that I cannot be so complimentary about the food. Being a vegetarian, I have very often found dining out in Hawai'i to be challenging and sometimes frustrating. I was very often frustrated in 2005 at the food choices at this hotel, so I refused to eat anything here beyond breakfast (and I wouldn't even have done that had I not been travelling with my 84 year old dad--it was convenient for him to have breakfast here and I did so for his sake). Since this hotel is so busy, there seems to be an element of mass production when it comes to the food and the breakfast buffet was the same old same old every morning. For dinner, we went to Ciao Mein in the Hyatt Regency Waikiki across the street, or to Keoni's at the cornner of Kaiulani Avenue  Kuhio Street (which serves the most incredible tom kha soup, by the way). There is an outlet of the Honolulu Coffee Company here, serving excellent coffee and pastries. My dad patronized it so much that the staff got to know him. The hotel also has a lot of verandah space, both overlooking the ocean and Kalakaua Avenue. It is these verandahs that my dad enjoys so much and is the main reason we returned here this year. But, now for the real negatives.....The Parking!!There is no parking lot at the hotel. You have to use the parking structure behind the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani. There is no elevator in the parking structure. If you arrive back at the hotel late in the afternoon or early everning from your day's outing, you are parking on a floor high up, if not sometimes in annexes to the structure you never even knew existed!!! And this for an additional, I believe, $15 per day.Gym and business centreNeither exist in this hotel, even though there is some dead space in old lobby of the Diamond Wing that could surely accomodate a small business centre. The literature in the hotel directs you to go to the Sheraton Waikiki for both a business centre and gym, so if you want a quick visit to one or the other, you need to travel further than just the confines of your own hotel. Overall, I also found Honolulu to be even more crowded this year than the last two. I arranged a tour of Washington Place one day which is across the street from the State Capitol. I figured if I left the hotel at about 9:15am, I'd get to Washington Place in time for the 10:00am tour. No such luck; getting to the structure, getting the car down, driving along Ala Wai Boulevard, the congestive traffice on McCully Street followed by the equally congestive traffic along most of Beretania, well, I didn't make it in time!! Honolulu is roughly 17 miles long and 5 miles inland and with only three major east-west arteries (the H1, Ala Moana Boulevard and the King-Beretania combination) it seemed to take forever to move around the city. They're supposed to be starting ferry services soon between O'ahu and Kaua'i and O'ahu and Maui. If you want a quiet Hawaiian vacation, I sugges that you make Kaua'i your main base; if you want a little more activity, go to Maui. From either, do only day trips, or perhaps overnight visits to Honolulu; Explore the city, take the tours so that you see everything, but do not stay in Honolulu for more than a few nights. The sights worth seeing are, of course, Pearl Harbour, 'Iolani Palace, Diamond Head, the overlooks at Pali and Tantalus and the beaches all of which you can see on guided tours. I also suggest walking around old downtown Honolulu (in the daytime); upon learning about the history of Hawai'i during the war, films like FROM HERE TO ETERNITY take on a more familiar character.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>petralpr
<Content>great time elegant hotel Stayed here for one day pre cruise. My husband and I were celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary. Mentioned that to front desk and ben from management sent us a bottle of champange! We were greeted with flower leis and guava drinks. The hotel staff were friendly and informative. Coffee in room. We were put in the old section by the front of the hotel. It was a little noisy during early evening andin morning as trucks and buses got going. However we were hardly in the room But we slept like babies in the heavenly bed. The pool was small but we were right in front of the beach. Call the night you arrive to reserve chair and umbrella right on beach. It was picture perfect. Its a beautifully well kept old hotel. Alot of class and charm. Central to everything. ABC stores, expensive and inexpensive restaurants. we asked the bellman where to eat a good inexpensive breakfast and he directed us to keol's not too far from hotel. Breakfast special for 4.99 , eggs bacon, toast. Wonderful service. Would definiitely stay here again . Thnaks for all the infor provided for from your site as well. Hotel is central to stores and public transportation as well. Robert's shuttle bus to airport is only $9.00. everything we were looking for to make our first day in honolulu special we found here at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sycam
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon!! I know it has taken a while to write this review but I promised myself I would eventually after seeing some of the reviews last year. I booked this hotel after much research as part of my honeymoon last year and I was not dissappointed! Given some of the reviews I even wrote in advance to say we were coming on our honeymoon and concerned at some of the things we had read - and all I can say was they pulled out all the stops. We were upgraded ( I think it helped that we were Starwood members - a loyalty programme I would highly recommend!) and we had flowers, chocolates waiting for us on arrival and a handwritten note from the General Manager wishing us all the best for our honeymoon. We were on the top floor of the Diamond Wing with panoramic views of the ocean and the biggest balcony ever with privacy on all sides! The banyan court restuarant was to die for and the colonial style of the building breathtaking - the service was first class and we had no complaints. At night this hotel is absolutely lovely with nice entertainment and a beautiful beach front location! I would recommend if you are staying in Oahu you want to stay at this hotel - go see it for yourself - you will not regret it!!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Marisse
<Content>Fantastic afternoon tea! Me and my family were guests at the Moana Surfrider for three nights in the beginning of April before moving on to Maui and we loved it! We had an ocean Diamond Head view and it was just simply an amazing sight! We didn't care much for the dining and drinking at the Beach Bar, since it was low quality but highly overpriced, but the afternoon tea on the terrace was one of the best experiences I have ever had, and we owe it primarily to the waiter who was just excellent in doing his job and in entertaining us! Try it out! I can recommend the Moana to anyone who loves the Waikiki big city life and to still be able to wake up in the morning to the sound of the waves.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>MiamiGirl79
<Content>Great Location in a Very Historic Building... My boyfriend and I stayed at the Moana Surfider for two nights at the end of March for a brief stopvover on our way to Japan. The hotel lobby and public areas are really lovely. I loved the columns and the chandeliers. The guava juice upon check-in is a nice touch, and the sounds and breezes of the ocean through all the open doors in the lobby are really great.Our room was a deluxe oceanfront in the Diamond Wing, and I could only see Diamond Head if I craned my neck out REALLY far to the left of our small lanai. The bathroom could have used a few renovations and the shower pressure wasn't great.However, the beachfront location was excellent. We were in the heart of Waikiki, and I liked that our hotel really stuck out amidst all the 1970's looking skyscraper hotels as something different and historical. The old photos in the lobby of the early 1900's when the Moana was one of the few things around were really fascinating.The food choices around the area consisted of tons of national chain restaurants. We ate dinner our last night at a really good Mexian place a few blocks away from the hotel called La Cucaracha. We also ate lunch at Duke's next door at the Outrigger and at the Diamond Head Grill at the W Hotel. Both were pretty good, the latter REALLY expensive and with very small portions. All in all, the Moana was about what I expected. Definitely not cheap, but a very charming hotel. It manages to retain the ambience of a small resort, but was also quite a presence on the Waikiki Strip - there's nothing else there that looks like it, that's for sure!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>gennys
<Content>Beautiful hotel in the heart of Waikiki What a beautiful hotel. We had booked the Outrigger next door but after looking at both properties changed our reservation to the Surfrider. Greeted with candy leis for our kids and flower leis and guava juice at check in. Rooms are a nice size. Beds the most comfortable I've ever slept in for a hotel. Our room was partial ocean view 4th floor- absolutely no problems with noise. Staff was friendly and helpful. The lobby and Banyan courtyard area was unique and beautiful. I did not eat there- so I can't comment on that but would not stay anywhere else in Waikiki!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelJockey
<Content>Top notch staff Stayed in a deluxe tower ocean view room in April. Fantastic view of the ocean and Diamond Head! The room itself was of a good size and had been renovated.The staff was extremely friendly, especially on the Banyan Veranda. The bartenders/servers were a hoot and a great source of local insider info, the drinks were strong and the price was right. Lunch type food was just OK.This is a bustling hotel in the heart of Waikiki so don't expect peace and quiet!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WisconsinTravelbunny
<Content>Loved the Surfrider Just returned from an awesome trip to Hawaii and the Moana was a big part of our positive experience. First of all, the property is beautiful. It is so elegant. It is not one of those non-descript big high rise hotels which is so nice. It has a ton of charm and is so relaxing. We stayed in a deluxe ocean front tower room. The room was expensive but it is Waikiki after all and the view was worth it. Beautiful ocean right in front of us from our lanai and Diamond Head off in the distance. Breathtaking!! The room was quite large and very nicely done. Very clean, and kept that way throughout our stay. The #1 compliment to the Moana would be a nod to their amazing, first rate service. Anytime we asked for anything, directions to anywhere, etc... we were treated to a smile and a helpful response. Every person we encountered on staff was kind beyond belief and willing to answer any question we had. The pool bar is wonderful! Best drinks we had on our entire trip-Food was o.k. Nothing extremely special but adequate. We did tea on the Banyan veranda and that was so nice. Very special and a lot of food!! Too much really. Did not eat at any of the other restaurants at the hotel. Did order room service a couple of times and it was very good. Promptly delivered and nicely displayed. Ordered welcome baskets of wine, cheese and strawberries and they were all good! The pool is small(this is Waikiki afterall and space is limited) and there is quite a lot of competition for pool chairs but they can be reserved. Got into a thing with a very nasty lady who stole my taken pool chair but other than that, you could get a chair(lounge chairs around the pool were very nice) with some perseverance. I hear they are changing the Sheraton to a Westin property and doing some extensive remodeling. I am certain the prices will be remodeled as well. I only hope that they maintain the charm of this historic hotel and the service as well!! Had a wonderful stay!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shermanoaksville
<Content>location location location We booked two rooms to accommodate our teenage kids. We chose the Surfrider because of its reputation and it lived up to every five star review and the recommendation in our Oahu Trailblazer guidebook. The setting is beautiful as is the architecture. Like the pink hotel Royal Hawaiian also on the strip, it oozes Old Hawaii. Right on the beach, right in the center of things, it gave our kids freedom to roam and us a chance to relax on the handsome veranda. The staff was wonderful and the rooms spotless. If you're looking for charm and don't mind going a little over budget, stay a few at this one.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ohana89
<Content>Loved the overall experience We just returned from the Sheraton Moana Surfrider and overall had a wonderful experience. We had an ocean front tower suite and a connecting room for our teenage girls. The only thing about our stay that was a little disturbing is that our rooms were not on the pool side of the tower, but on the Outrigger hotel side. Every night for 10 nights, we heard loud music and people at the Outrigger until well into the early morning hours. I would suggest if you like it a little more quiet and scenic, ask for the pool side. We did, however have beautiful views from our balconies looking toward diamond head on one side and to the west side of the beach to the other. Another little annoyance is just the amount of people in general in the beach area. The Surfrider's private beach is very small and the public beach on the other side was FULL of vacationers...some using our pool area, which was frustrating at times. However, Gloria and her staff did a wonderful job of policing things and made our stay more enjoyable. Gloria is amazing and seems to be in two places at once! And, please visit Nancy at the beach side grill and she will take care of you and treat you like royalty! We also loved our daytime housekeeper, Virginia, and our evening housekeeper, Elizabeth. All of these people treated us as though we were old friends and it was disappointing when they would take a few days off and we wouldn't get to see them. The staff is wonderful and very accomodating!Another really fun thing is that the Surfrider is in the midst of some amazing shopping and it is a short walk to just about anywhere to eat, drink or shop. We usually stay on Maui and were looking for more things to do, and we definitely got that!The hotel is beautiful and walking into the lobby makes you feel as though you are back in time. The front porch with rocking chairs is wonderful and the back porch with a lovely view of the gorgeous old banyan tree was so relaxing. A few days during our stay, we were delighted to a Japanese couple or two getting married at the hotel and it was fun to watch the beautiful women in their gorgeous dresses!This part of Honolulu is a little more busy and noisy, but with that also comes more convenience and more excitement. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a grand old hotel with modern convenience...but I mostly would like to compliment the staff as I travel alot and have not had a staff this wonderful in a LONG time!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PlymouthPilgrims
<Content>A classy old lady       View from our room.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>islandgirlAtlanta
<Content>Sheraton Moana Surfrider From the moment we walked in ... it was heavenly. We were greeted at check in with juice, hot towels, leis, and free postcards with free postage to anywhere. The rooms were large and clean. The beach scene was the best! The outdoor cafe had music in the afternoon. And we were right in the heart of the shopping district. We didn't want to leave. It is a fabulous hotel and we have been all over the world.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JMKMTK57
<Content>Nice Hotel, Noisy room We recently returned from a nine day stay at the Moana Surfrider (3 days in Feb. - 6 in Mar. around 3 weeks in Maui). On our first stay we booked a room in the old building - city view. This was a very small room and upon our return in March requested a larger room. Unfortunately in it was on the second floor -city view and was extremely noisy. With the street entertainers playing drums and saxophones, the motorcycles, garbage trucks and spring breakers it was difficult to get a decent night's sleep and we finally had to resort to earplugs. If you are going to stay here I strongly suggest paying the extra money for a room on the beach side and avoiding the old building and the city view rooms.Otherwise, this is a nice hotel on the best part of Waikiki beach.The Sunday and dinner buffets were excellent though pricey and there are good restaurants within walking distance- (Duke's -Hula Grill - Sensei - Cheeseburger in Paradise - Nicks, though very expensive). Also the staff was very professional and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>readyandpacked
<Content>Elegant Lady We have just returned from several days at the Moana...an Elegant Lady. Liking old hotels, we asked to stay in the Banyan Wing and were not disappointed one bit. The room was small yet had a wonderful view of the ocean and the courtyard. We took the Historic Tour offered by the hotel and received a major shock. The hotel will become a Westin in June and in the process, the hotel will be spruced up to meet the Westin standards. We were shown a model room. But first, the outside of the room....The lovely old patterned carpet is being replaced with hotel blah and the ornate door markers are being replaced with modern etched glass...thus losing the quaintness of the distinguished lady the hotel is. Inside the room, the bed will be replaced with the Heavenly Bed...good, the bathroom is being modernized with only a shower....bad....and a very modern sink...horrid! The old tile floor is being replaced as well. If you are interested in historic outside and very modern inside, this is the place to go. If you are interested in historic on the outside and maintaining that dignity and ambiance throughout the hotel, forget it....or be sure you go before June when the changes will begin being made.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hulawannabe
<Content>Noisy and overpriced I fell in love with this hotel online, but words can't express my disappointment. It is definately a grand lady, but unless you are staying for the nightlife and action, don't go.We had a room on the street side for $250+ on a Friday night. The exterior was awesome as was the lobby and veranda out back by the ocean and it was the first place we stayed where we received an actual flower lei. However, that's where the positive impression ended. It was quite a walk to the south (Tower) wing elevators. We checked into our room and immediately noticed the noise from the street and the live band not a block away. It was like having a fairly loud radio on in the room.We ate at the Beach Cafe, but even ala carte, the prices where way out of line for the quality of the food. We couldn't imagine spending over $45 each for the least expensive item in the main dining area! I had the appetizer portion of the shrimp cocktail and it was only 5 pieces no bigger or better than anything I could get in any major city! And that ran $14!Upon returning to our room we found that with all the weddings going on that day and the next, the place was overrun by the twenty-something crowd. Loud, slamming doors and the wall of the rooms are like paper. We could hear every word of the couple next door. And the room was VERY small. We had asked for two beds. I guess that technically is what we got. Two twin beds made up separately and then shoved right next to each other like a king so they would fit under the headboard and in the room. There is no way two full or queen bed would ever fit in that tiny space. The bathrooms were microscopic! Not even enough room to set down a small makeup bag! The toilets flushed long and loud.When I pay that kind of money for a room, I expect a LOT more!The view out back to the beach was nice, but lots of people...too crowded to relax. Diamond Head was visible, but it was like looking down hotel row to see it.For the price, I would never stay there again. We didn't come for the nightlife scene, but to relax and this isn't the place for peace and quiet. The hustle and bustle of the street is like Michigan Avenue in Chicago! Only most of the night long!If you want the whole party scene and want to pay for small, noisy rooms, then go for it! Not my thing at all. Give me the slow easy lifestyle of the lesser populated islands.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>fireballhill
<Content>Great hotel if you're in Waikiki We stayed in this hotel 5 nights in Feb. 2007 and loved it. The staff was great -- everyone we encountered was extremely nice, helpful and polite. We had a couple of minor bobbles but they were immediately corrected w/apologies (I travel a lot and never expect a hotel to be perfect -- it's how they respond and fix things that matters).One of the highlights of this hotel is its public spaces -- there is a large, beautiful lobby; plentiful chairs on the veranda; space around the pool; and a great outdoor beach bar with plenty of seating and tables always availalbe. The beach area is crowded but that's what you get with Waikiki.If you are going to stay in Waikiki, this is a great location...there is quite a bit of construction going on in Waikiki right now and this is just out of the construction zone...no noise, no mess, no hassle. I was particularly impressed with the upkeep and maintenance of the property -- this is a large, old, highly trafficked hotel, and the part of the hotel we were in was immaculate. Dining options w/in the hotel are pricey, but there are plenty of other eating options within easy walking distance of the hotel.I would love to stay in this hotel and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PikesPeakGirl
<Content>Grand, but dated Lady       Beach Bar  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jesille
<Content>Great Hotel! highly recommended! This is a great hotel with great location. The beginning was a tough start as the reservation staff made a mistake but the manager made up for it immediately. I have researched all the hotels and this is a great value for your $$$. Of course it is a little pricey but I would pay that price to be in the middle of the action. The amenities were unbelievable... the beach bar was romantic...the view was amazing... the staff were courteous (especially the concierge). I would come back here in a heart beat. CONS: Do not eat there..food is lousy, got a spring roll for $10 and got two thin eggrolls. Then tried the buffet at their beachside cafe-- another huge disappointment. Definitely great to stay in but not to dine in. Please do try the Lava flow at their Beach Bar.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>rbsimmo
<Content>Best Location but expensive       View of pool area from our balcony  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carl_in_Cali
<Content>Wonderful hotel and staff We stayed at the hotel for a long weekend in January with our infant daughter. The staff was very welcoming, the poolside food excellent, and our room was stunning. I was very happy with this choice. We were waivering between this hotel and the Royal Hawaiian - and we definitely got a better room as the RH is set back from the beach. Also note that the shops in front of the RH are undergoing construction right now.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goodwig
<Content>Unsolicited Evening Entertainment!!? I moved from the Marriott after a thorough examination of the Sheraton Moana and it was a definite upgrade. A beautifulproperty as others have attested to, though do not committo a room until you see it. Ocean-front rooms are worth theextra price, but all are not equal.More importantly (maybe) ,while relaxing on one of the lovely white rocking chairs that face the main street to the hotel on a typically, late, balmy January night, I noticed a cadre of rather attractive, young women parading in front of a convenience storedirectly adjacent to the front entrance of the Sheraton. They approached most single men who wandered by but didn't seem overly disappointed with unfriendly reactons.They didn't have Sheraton I.D. tags on, therefore, I concluded that they were not hotel employees nor a part of the overall Sheratonamenities/entertainment that this fine hotel offers.Maybe if I save enough Sheraton preferred guest points, I canredeem them for something other than a room upgrade!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>nyfep
<Content>Fab Hotel My boyfriend and I just returned from Oahu and had an amazing time. We stayed at the Moana Surfrider, a truly wonderful hotel full of history. It is elegant, comfortable, right on the beach.We didn't hang out at the hotel beach too often, the beach is very narrow in Waikkiki and there are many more beautiful beaches in other parts of Oahu. However, the hotel has its own private section with chairs, umbrellas and towels.You must eat dinner at least once in the Veranda Hotel, overlooking the famous Banyan Tree. The meal was delicious and if you are lucky to get Edward as your waiter you are in for a treat. Don't bother with the buffet breakfast in the Beachside Cafe, its expensive and not that great.We stayed on the less expensive city side of the hotel, on the 6th floor which has lovely balconies overlooking the ocean. It was terrific.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>kimdv1
<Content>Loved the Moana Surfrider, Loved Hawaii!!! Two of my college friends and I stayed at the Moana Surfrider in Honolulu from December 13-20. It's a beautiful hotel!It's the oldest hotel on the beach and very elegant - from the top of Diamond Head, you can spot the hotel because it is bright white and the only hotel aside from Royal Hawaiian that is not a highriser. It was clean, had great food at their Beachside Cafe - try their buffets!! - and the bar was great downstairs. You walk a few steps and you're on the beach. Sure, the beach is crowded, but what spot isn't? We went to numerous places that were just minutes walking distance from the hotel - and the staff were very friendly - they'll help you get anywhere. Try doing some touristy shopping at Hilo Hattie's - best chocolate covered Macademia Nuts ever; Oahu Nature Tours (Manoa Waterfalls, Diamond Head Crater), XTreme Parasailing, Duke's Beachhouse Club (awesome bar!), Lulu's Bar and Restaurant (half tourists, half locals). They have free dance shows at DFS down Kalakaua Avenue, too.Note: there are a LOT of Japanese brides walking around Moana Surfrider, but aside from the picture taking, the hotel is pretty laidback.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BMWBMW
<Content>Nice Hotel--Towers Did not join membership until Jan 1, 2007.Stayed 4 nights at Mona Surfrider in April 2004, and also previously stayed in January, 2000 for 6 days.It was better in the tower rooms than the older building. The older building floors made noise and toilet and did not function as well as the updated tower rooms. You still enjoy the lobby of the old building.Good location. You will enjoy.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LoveToTravel1045
<Content>An Amazing Hotel        View of the beach  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hawaiilyn
<Content>Will Not Return To This Hotel       Bathroom Mold  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	-1	4	-1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Grija01
<Content>25th Anniversary - Sheraton did it up right The day we arrived, the street was blocked for a block party. The airport van dropped us off at a different Sheraton located nearby, that hotel called our Sheraton and a young man showed up with one of those luggage/clothes carts. He had pushed it up the street to where we were. Once again, I was immediately impressed by the service we got at Sheraton. Our room was upgraded to a higher floor (still a partial ocean view) and we ended up in a corner room that was bigger than the first floor of my condo. Two balconies - one with the partial ocean view, the other with a city/mountain view.The private beach was small in comparison to ones at home, but clean and service was good. If you wanted to reserve a small table with umbrella, you had to do it that morning, and show up before a certain time. Huge demand for the tables. Once settled in, though, it was relatively safe because the hotel watched very carefully to make sure only Hotel guests used that section of beach.We choose to eat out most of the time for our main meal. We did have lunch a few times at the ocean bar and found it pricey. We got great food deals across the street. We used Hawaii for Dummy's to find three restaurants and were not disappointed in any of them. What with the overall cost of going first class, I would strongly recommend this book for first-timers. I compared the hotels we looked at with the book and TripAdvisor - both were quite thorough and to the point about the same places.An activity for the less physical is taking a catamaran ride - a great way to see a section of the island you are on, and we found the crew very friendly and attentive. There was one that used the beach right in front of us, and another just down the beach about 300 feet. For the more physical, there is always the trek up Diamond Head (which you can see from the beach). I didn't do it, but some who did said it was absolutely beautiful.We would go back in a New York Minute!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>traveler8472
<Content>Pure heaven My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider for three nights of our honeymoon. We stayed at 6 different hotels during our honeymoon, and the Sheraton Moana Surfrider was by far our favorite. When we checked in, we were able to upgrade to an ocean-view room in the Banyan Wing. This is the older, historic part of the Moana. I had requested the Tower wing because there are lanais and it is apparently more modern, but I would not have traded our room for the world. The room was very small and did not have a lanai, so when we got in that night I was a little disappointed. However, when we woke up the next morning, my husband and I both gasped at the amazing view. It's like the ocean is in the room with you. The Moana has the most amazing location--directly on Waikiki. We thought Waikiki would be touristy, but the Moana is classic, classy, and amazingly beautiful. The lobby is all open, and you can feel the breeze of the ocean everywhere. We spent many hours just lounging on the Banyan Veranda, which is now our favorite spot in the world. The water is perfect for swimming--the best beach for relaxing and swimming that we encountered in Hawaii. We went swimming at sunset and watched the sun go down over the ocean with an awesome view of Diamond Head in the distance. When we walked around in Waikiki, we realized that we probably would not have enjoyed it nearly as much if we were not at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. The Moana is a truly classic Hawaiian experience--it was the first luxury hotel built in the area in the early 1900s. When we were shopping on the North Shore, we found an old photo of the Moana before everything built up around it at a place that sells vintage Hawaiiana. That photo of the Moana is our favorite souvenir from the trip. We feel so fortunate that we picked the best place to stay in Waikiki. As we left the Moana, we were already planning how we would go back there for future vacations. If you love historic architecture, beachfront location, and serene beauty, you will love this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cuteluke
<Content>Great hotel but make sure you get what you were guaranteed We just came back from a 3 night stay at this hotel. SInce it was our annivsersary, we decided to pay the extra money and booked a deluxe ocean room with a balcony. When we checked in, we were assigned to a room in the Diamond Wing on the second floor (3208). The rooms on the second floor in the Diamond Wing, have sliding glass patio doors but the balcony/lanai is at best 8 inches wide. Although we are not big people, it would have been impossible to sit on this particular laniai I phoned guest services and was told that it was a matter of interpretation. Apparently, at the Moana Surfrider, a lania means sliding glass patio doors. I almost wept. Fortunately, we were moved to another room in the wing and it had a balcony in which 2 people could sit comfortably - provided we moved the 2 chairs from the room onto the balcony. The room overlooked the Diamond Lawn and we got to watch weddings and receptions all day long. The events always ended by 10 pm and the entertainment was great. There is a Beach Club where you can reserve a chair and umbrella on the beach, but it seems one needs to know the secret handshake. Not quite sure how it works, but it's worth finding out if you're paying the big bucks to stay here. The MaiTais are some of the best on the strip and lunch at the Beachside cafe is also worth the price. The best bet for food is the Cheesecake Etc (on the main drag) The servinngs are large, the food is good, the price is right and the leftovers fit in the fridge in your room. Makes for a great snack.All in all, we would stay here again, but beware of thier definition of balcony.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Meemer1
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous We stayed at the Surfrider for 2 nights (wish it could have been more) after leaving the 5-star Halekulani down the road (egregiously overpriced, unwelcoming, unpleasant.)Surfrider had been our first choice but was booked; when we arrived on island we went to the front desk who found us a city view, 2-twin bed room, which we accepted. By the time we checked in the next day, we had been upgraded to a partial ocean view w/king bed - staff was OUTSTANDING, very helpful, personable, and genuine. When we called the manager to compliment the front desk staff, he thanked us and sent us a bottle of champagne, nice touch!We were greeted with fresh leis, cool towels and cold guava juice upon check-in. Our bags arrived in our room within 5 minutes AND...during that time...the bellman fixed the broken handle of my suitcase that was damaged by the airlines...and never even mentioned it.The property is just gorgeous, obviously if you like a historic type of property. The architecture, wood detail, staircases, historical information/artifacts, and especially the fabulous veranda area were a total joy. We had live music on the veranda the last night we were there and thorougly enjoyed being outside under the banyan tree enjoying the perfect weather. Fun porch on the front as well with rocking chairs and a view of the bustling street scene and street performers.Tea at the Surfrider is a must not miss, everything is fresh and tastey and the selection of local teas was wonderful. Service across the board at this hotel is top-notch...the front desk, restaurant and housekeeping staff always had a smile and a hello. We absolutely cannot wait to return.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>1mermaid
<Content>So much to offer! The Sheraton Moana Surfrider is a beautiful hotel with so much to offer. I agree with the other posts that it is a standard room but there is so much more to the hotel than the room.The location is absolutely fantastic. You are right on the beach in a very good spot where the waves are gentle and your children can play in the ocean. Catamarans pull up right in front of the hotel for you to hop on and enjoy a ride. There are beach chairs, boogie boards, umbrellas --- just about everything you need right there and the service is fantastic. There is nothing like sitting in a chair on the beach with a cocktail, watching the sunset and realizing this is the back of your hotel and you are only a short stroll from your room. Right next door are two great restaurants --- Hula Grill and Dukes. I agree that the food is too expensive at the Sheraton but you have so many options around you. I got up early every morning just to watch the sun rise from my deck (had a fantastic view from the 20th floor) then walked through the International Marketplace right to the Starbucks for my morning latte and a breakfast sandwich. There is a small frigde in the room so we would buy pineapple, juice and other snacks from the ABC store across the street.I would say the surprising thing about the hotel were the amount of weddings. I spoke with the concierge and there have 10 weddings per day! You see Japanese brides everywhere, which I thought was fun.I would certainly stay in this hotel again. The location is perfect, the service is fantastic and it was an overall great experience!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SueChan
<Content>Wonderful Sunday Buffet Recently visited the Sunday Buffet at the Sheraton Moana in Honolulu. Although it is somewhat pricely - if you are only going to be in Honolulu for a short time it is worth the price . The setting is right on Waikiki Beach and the food is excellent. If you want to have a table on the veranda make sure to ask for it when making the reservation. This is definetly one of the restaurants to visit when in Honolulu.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>worldtraveller99
<Content>Lovely hotel in brilliant location Of all our honeymoon hotels this was the only one which did nothing specially for us - no sparkling wine, no room upgrade (our partial ocean view Tower room overlooked the next door hotel, with the ocean if you put your head out of the window onto the balcony), and not even a king sized bed, just 2 doubles. (They said the king rooms were full, as were all the ocean front rooms).That said it was the most stunning hotel, fabulous decor, wonderful central Waikiki location.We were told by two front desk people that we had a $75 credit each, but when we came to pay the lady said we could only claim one $75, and none of that for drinks (we had been told it was for food and drinks). We had used it for dinner in the Banyan Court, a fabulous last night in Hawaii, with Hawaian singing and hula, the lit up Banyan tree, the warm night, and nice food. Very romantic.We had breakfast in the Hula Grill next door, because there is no way I can eat $28 worth of food for breakfast (the fee for the buffet in the Banyan Court).The location was the best, you just stepped outside and the whole of Waikiki was around you. I loved it.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>JTres67
<Content>Beautiful, Romantic, Fun       sunset from the beach  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pippy204
<Content>Great Hotel Tower block only!!       Room in tower block with balcony  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>brandylab
<Content>Nice Sheraton Moana Surfrider Experience We just returned from the Moana Surfrider, staying 8/31 - 9/4. We had booked a partial ocean view room and were upgraded to an ocean view room. I looked at the partial ocean view room and can say that the view was much better in the full ocean view room. We stayed in the tower on the 5th floor, just over the pool and had a lovely view of the beach and ocean with tall palm trees in front and off to the left was a great view of Diamond Head and the hotel's huge Banyan Tree. Based on prior reviews, I was bit concerned about space for the pool and the beach. I agree that the pool area is very small, really about the same size as a community pool. Even at that time of year, the lounges around the pool were crowded by about 9 am. One nice thing the hotel does is allow guests to reserve an umbrella and chairs for the next day (you have to be there by 9 am to claim the spot otherwise you will lose it). Late in the morning they bring around ice cold wash cloths for a little refreshment on the beach or at the pool. The food from the beach snack area was fresh, and was the standard hamburger/hotdog/sandwich with fries kind of thing. I found the hotel staff friendly and helpful. Shortly after arriving some single guys checked into the room next to ours. They were very loud, playing music, etc and I was concerned that the partying would continue through the night. The front desk immediately offered to either send security or move our room. I looked at the other room they offered (the partial ocean view) and decided to keep our original room. The first person I'd spoken with at the front desk called back and was concerned about the noise and offered again to send security.We had the afternoon tea on the Banyan Veranda which was lovely. We requested an ocean front table and they said they would see what they could do. Fifteen minutes before our reservation they called our room and said the table we wanted was available and we could come down anytime. We learned from our waiter that they had been holding the table for us, which we thought was very nice. The afternoon tea, although expensive, was a really nice experience - formal tea sandwiches, scones and desserts; and, the setting was lovely.The lobby of the hotel is very pretty, colonial/hawaiian style. It is not a large lobby and can be crowded, but if you go down the hall a bit, there's a much quieter area (where they often have weddings) with nice seating or rocking chairs outside to relax. The room itself, in the Tower Wing, was clean and pleasant. This was a standard Sheraton room, with comfortable beds and really nice sheets. The room did not feel small, but it did not feel large either. The bathroom had a small shower/tub combination, really only good for baths for children.The location can be good, depending on what you are looking for. It is in the heart of Waikiki, very close to the International Marketplace. Self-parking is across the street at the Sheraton Princess and can take 3 - 5 minutes to get there. Valet parking is available, but expensive ($25). Overall, I'd happily stay here again if we needed to stay in Waikiki.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>trvlguru84
<Content>Fanstastic stay at the historical Moana!!! I visited Hawaii for 7days/6 nights, and was recommended to stay at the Moana Surfrider, as it is the best Starwood property in Waikiki. I absolutely loved the hotel. My party and I were greeted with Lei's, guava juice, and damp towels. Kristen at the Front Desk was nice enough to get us a room with 2 double beds, and a partial ocean view in the Tower wing, which was opposite from my actual reservation. I did have a chance to see a room in the historical wing, and it has more character, however, I was completely satisfied with the room. The best perk about the hotel, aside from the phenomenal service, is that the Moana is located right on the beach, and believe it or not, it makes all of the difference. Waking up and looking out from your lanai at the alluring ocean, and being able to simply walk down to idulge in this seemingly fanciful notion is indescribable! Also, if you get the chance, Tony, the historian, gives an informative Historical tour of the hotel. As the first hotel on Waikiki it has a plethora of history. If you are going to Waikiki this is the place to stay, Hands down.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ldlowe04
<Content>Termites in the Banyan Wing! Stayed at this hotel a while back this year and all I have to say is DON'T LET THE EXTERIOR FOOL YOU! This place looks beautiful on the outside, but it is overpriced for what you're getting. If you choose to stay here, please make sure you do not book a room in the Old Wing - City view. The noise on Kalakaua is so damn loud and annoying 24/7. The rooms are old and ourwashroom was termite infested! It's also a shame that housekeeping never bothered to fix the problem. Seriously, if you see termites crawling all over the sink, you would certainly do something about it, or at least notify management. We were told the problem was taken care of, but the following day, they were still there. We decided to check out early and stay somewhere else. It was also funny that the hotel tried to charge us parking fees during our stay. When we told them we did not even have a car, they didn't believe us and made us wait 30 minutes, because they had to 'double check' the mistake instead of taking our word at face value. Overall the hotel atmosphere is snooty and doesn't deserve to be. As a matter of fact, Waikiki's atmosphere has become so snooty and chaotic that it's not a place of paradise like it used to be. This place is like Spring Break in a Concrete Jungle!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>happytraveler2006
<Content>Ok hotel probably won't go back We stayed at this hotel because on a previous vacation to Waikiki we stayed at the Hyatt Regency (which we loved) but could see this hotel from our room and walking through it and liked the look of itThe other reason we stayed here is because we had enough Starwood points to get 4 nights for free. The only request we made was a quiet room, which we did not get, and I do understand it is a request only. We instead were given a room overlooking the entrance of the hotel in the old part of it, which was pretty but the windows are not double paned and the noise coming from the street and street performers was unberable. After the first night we asked to be moved but they didn't have any rooms that slept 4. Only rooms with 2 twin beds. Needless to say we didn't get a good night sleep for 4 nights. Thankfully the beds were extremely comfortableLocation of the hotel was great as there was much in walking distance. Pool was small and never had a problem finding a chair but I haven't seen any waikiki resort that has a large pool or maybe I just have missed itWe ate at their casual restaurant once for breakfast, once for lunch and once for dinner. One of the reasons is that on the days we decided to do this we weren't in the mood to venture out. Secondly if you are a guest of the hotel the kids under age 12 are free at the buffets. One night we ate at Matteo's a couple of blocks away as we were in the mood for Italian food and it was good. I really like the fact that even though they don't have a children's menu they were willing to make anything off the adult menu into a half portion for half the price. They actually suggested this when the waiter introduced himself and took our drink order. Since our kids like ordering real food off the adult menu they usually order an appetizer but this worked out better as they weren't limited to the appetizer menuOne night we at at Hula Grill which was very good. We originally wanted to dine at Dukes but the wait was 30 minutes and Hula's didn't have a wait, glad we ended up there. Everthing was great  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>davidhitchcock
<Content>Perfect location, beautiful hotel We just got back from Hawaii. We miss it. Our kids loved the pool, beach and ocean, all of which were right downstairs. No crossing busy Kalakaua Ave, carrying armfuls of stuff. Beautiful courtyard, live Hawiian music, all under a large banyan tree in the evenings. Very impressive. Service was great. Steve and Ben at front dest were very helpful. Before check-in, we received wet towels to wipe down the faces, leis, and cold passion fruit juice. Tower room was nice. It was nicer than your average room. Remember, this hotel wasn't built yesterday. Room even had a minfridge. Fill it up with some Hawaiian fruit juices. Bed, pillows, and linens were all the best. Breakfast buffet was delicious. I won't complain about the price. What would you expect from any high end hotel?Also, there's a new Wal-Mart very close to Ala Moana Shopping Center. There are also Costcos on the island. See, you can save money in Hawaii. Get your gifts here.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vt1
<Content>Beautiful hotel The Moana Surfrider is a beautiful hotel and probably the best located hotel on Waikiki Beach. As we were riding into Honolulu, my wife appeared rather disasppointed in what she was seeing in the way of hotels. But when we pulled up to the Moana Surfider, she actually screamed with excitement. The hotel is gorgeous from the outside, to the lobby, to the rooms, the courtyard, pool, everything about it was wonderful. We stayed in one of the Banyan rooms, which was small but very tastefully decorated, extremely clean,and because we were hardly ever in the room, the size was not a problem. It was ample size, the bed was extremely comfortable. We had a street view, which wasn't bad, a little noisy at night but we were so tired at the end of the day, the noise did not bother us.My wife and I stayed here for our 30th wedding anniversary and the hotel had a Promise Me Again ceremony --sort of a marriage vows renewal ceremony...that was neat.The only negative about the hotel was that the acivities desk was not always manned and there was always a wait to see someone to schedule activities and the concierge was not much help. We ended up scheduling some things ourselves. Overall a great choice of hotel and we would definitely go back and stay there again. The Monana Surfrider is one of the few oceanfront hotels in Waikiki Beach. The meals at the hotel were very good but pricey. However, if you sign up to be a Starwood Preferred guest, you get a 35% discount on meals at the hotel, which makes the prices very competitive.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AZMommy
<Content>Outstanding Service, Gorgeous Property My husband and I stayed at the Moana Surfrider for 7 nights on our honeymoon, and then came back a year and a half later with our 5 1/2 month old baby. Both times, we had the BEST overall hotel experience, and we can't wait to go back! The entire lengths of our stays, the staff was very courteous and respectful, calling us Mr. and Mrs. (last name here) any time we would call for room service, or had a question for the concierge. Even the housekeeping staff was friendly and always had a friendly greeting for us. The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous outside, looking much like an old regal Hawaiian plantation, with huge white pillars and a circular driveway. Inside, it is decorated beautifully in what I suppose is old Hawaiian. Both times we stayed in a historic Banyan rooms. Although we were wary of this, because historic sounded like a nice way to say, old and with ratty furniture, we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were impeccably clean, and decorated simply with authentic Hawaiian quilts on every bed. The food was great, too -- you absolutely MUST do the tea on the Veranda, and enjoy the breakfast buffet. Yes, the hotel was expensive (we paid upwards of $500 a night both times we visited), but it's worth every cent. We enjoyed it just as much when we were honeymooning, as when we were staying there with our baby. I do agree, though, that the beach is extremely crowded and they have some very strict rules at the pool. For instance, you aren't allowed to bring a little baby raft for your baby or toddler, because absolutely NO inflatables or rafts are allowed in the pool. I'm not sure why, but I suppose it's so they won't disturb other guests. But that's the only con I can think of. Anyhow, it's a great place for people of all ages, and I would wholeheartedly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cheapos
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, nice location We stayed at Sheraton Moana from August 5 -10 and enjoyed our stay. The hotel is beautiful and location is great. The beach was overcrowded but this is expected for summer as lots of families at the beach with small children.I had orginally booked for a Large City room but when we got there at midnight on August 5, the only available room was in the old section on the 3rd floor facing the street. The room was only a standard room with a kingsize bed. As there are 3 of us, a rollaway bed was brought in for the night. I was not happy when I saw our room and complained to the porter who brought in our luggage. He advised us that he would talk to the night clerk but to sleep the night there and complain to the reception in the morning. Within 10 minutes after the porter left, the night clerk called me and advised that a request for another room has been made in the tower wing with a balcony. I didn't sleep very well that night as I was worried that we would be stuck with this room and at 6:00 a.m. a lot of activity started to happen as lots of traffic going by.We went to the reception at 10:30 a.m. the next morning and they found us a room in the Tower Wing. I told the clerk that I was told that we would get a room with a balcony and this is what I wanted. Within 15mins, they were able to find a room on the non-smoking floor on the 5 th floor which was a large room with a balcony with a partial ocean view and we were facing another tower so it would be very quiet. We were very happy with this room and enjoyed the rest of our stay.The dinner prices in the Beachside Restaurant were very expensive($37.50 for a buffet and the least expensive price for ala carte was $18. Since we got a $75 credit towards the food, this is fine with us. I am not sure how we ended up with a $75 credit but assume it was because we were stuck with the standard room the night before.We ate couple of times at Petes Smorgy Restaurant which is on Kuhio Steet which was very reasonable priced for $10.95 for a dinner buffet. They had over 50 items in the buffet.We would return to Sheraton Moana if we find another package which is reasonable priced. Our package this time was only for 5 days and it was costing $400 Canadian to stay an extra night which I thought was very expensive.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>kbaps
<Content>not bad but not outstanding outstanding hotel - great views, lovely and clean rooms but the service was extremely bad and sometimes rudethis is meant to be a 5* hotel and service should be outstanding.we complained to the guest relations manager and were sent some goodies to the room but this is not the point as much i enjoyed the hotel and location i would not pay to stay in this hotel again as it really let me down and remember if you want a sunbed you have to reserve it the previous day and 1.00pm - how stupid is this  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	2	1	1	

<Author>1358
<Content>Overcrowded beach and pool area This was our 2nd visit, the 1st being 15 years ago and the loss of beach to the sea was noticeable. The Moana's staff on the pool/beach hut never bothered to take a room number before handing out a towel and also didn't bother to move the public out of the seating and cabanas that were clearly identified as for hotel guests only. We watched as the public would stream in through the hotel lobby, pick up a beach towel and occupy seating that was already in short supply. When I bought this to the staff's attention they replied they would charge $25 for a full day's use of the pool and beach facilities. Now given as a guest you are paying approx. $500 US to stay at the property and other tourists are staying in lower and cheaper accommodation and can use the hotel's facitilies for free or at worst $25, the hotel is clearly not looking after it's guests. I would recommend the Royal Hawaiian where we checked with their pool staff who were adamant the pool and roped off beach area was for guests only and policed it so they was room for everybody. The problem is compounded when big hotels like the Outrigger Waikiki between the two Sheraton properties, has NO beach at all for its many guests and hence their guests spill over to the two adjoining Sheraton properties.There is currently a new sewerage pipeline being installed in Waikiki central and the waft of sewerage could be smelt in several locations around the town. I don't know how long this work is programmed for and there have been incidents or spillage into the canal and into the sea. It's something to check on before visiting Honolulu.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>mythrenegade
<Content>The best! This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Our room was fantastic. We stayed in the historic banyan rooms, rooms that overlook the courtyard and ocean. They had been recently renovated, and were very, very nice. This hotel was expensive, but they didnt' try to get money out of my by charging for use of the safe etc. like other hotels do. On the whole I was extremely pleased.The restaurants weren't the greatest, that's the one downside. The afternoon tea was nice, but the high end restaurant was just average for the price range.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelerof3
<Content>2nd review - parent perspective This is the second review I've written on this hotel only this time I'm a mother and my perspective is different. I hope my comments might be helpful to other parents deciding to come here. We just returned from a 5 day stay here with our 3 month old daughter and were very pleased with most of the stay. We booked a partial ocean view room and were given a most excellent room. Room 1371. (Another review stayed in 771 and sounds like they had the same layout.) I would highly recommend a room ending in 71 for a partial ocean view. The room was huge which was really nice since we had a crib, stroller, toys, etc. in it. We had 2 lanai's. One with the partial ocean view and another with a city/ mountain view. I don't know if we were given this room b/c we had a crib, but I'm not complaining. The crib that they brought us was really nice and cute. Looked comfortable. My daughter never had a problem sleeping in it. It was a little on the small side. So, if you have a squirmer like mine, watch them closely. Fortunately, the crib has bumper pads which were needed with my DD.I didn't think the hotel was as stroller/ handicap friendly as I would have liked. (Funny how you don't notice these things until you need them.) There were ramps for us to take with our stroller, but not as many. They were also deceiving. On either side of the front of the hotel, it looks like there are ramps. However on one side, there are some steps right before you get to the top of the porch. If you don't know this ahead of time, you have to head back down and around to the other side. Going to the pool/ beach area, there is a ramp to get you to the entrance of the area, but no ramp down to the area. Therefore, you have to walk all the way around to the front of the hotel to get to the pool/ beach area. No big deal. Just an FYI.We were a little disappointed with the housekeeping this time. They really didn't do a good job cleaning. We did arrange with them on the 2nd day to come at 3pm everyday which was nice. That way we could have our daughter up from her nap and be out of there when they came instead of having them bang on our door several times a day (and waking her up) wanting to know if they could come in and clean. Unfortuantely, everyday something dirty was left in the room or not cleaned. Mostly was the coffee pot, mugs, and coffee area. The one nice thing about the room which was important for me was that the room has a mini-refrigerator (no freezer section.) So, I didn't have to worry about baby's breast milk. I could pump and store as much in there as I needed.As for general hotel review (not necessairly kid related,) it was kind of noisy at night, but you're in a downtown area. What do you expect? The food was pricey. The room service menu was a little disappointing. We were in the mood for some bar type food (you know, nachos, fried cheese, burgers, etc kind of food,) but they didn't have anything like that. They had shrimp cocktail and sashimi which was good, but didn't really hit the spot. Expensive, though. They added in the tip for you and didn't give you the option of adding another one later which is nice. I always hate the way hotels add in a tip and then leave space for you to add another one. One thing that I noticed on our bill when we checked out which was a little upsetting was that they charged $1 for local calls. I looked all over to see if there was a charge for local calls, but couldn't find any info if there was. Sort of disappointing to find out afterwards. All in all a good hotel. We'll definitely keep coming back.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Experience at the Surfrider! I am a Big Island resident who stayed for two nights in June, 2006. The room was simple, but elegant and very clean. Although this is in the heart of Waikiki, it was extremely quiet and the beds were so comfortable. I was very well rested each day.I was already amazed with the most courteous valet and front desk staff during our stay.I misplaced my favorite gold necklace and assumed it was gone after flying home to the Big Island. A week ago, I flew up to Oahu for one day and just decided to give them a call to see if they might have found my pendant. The housekeeping staff were extremely helpful and to my amazement, the item was located. When going to pick up my misplaced item, the front desk and valet personnel were once again helpful and friendly. Their honesty and hospitality will not be forgotten!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - A bit Noisy We spent 7 days We just got back from spending 7 days at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider for our honeymoon. There is no other place that I would ever stay. We're 27 and 30 years old. Good Things:1. Location, Location, Location. It's right on the beach and close to everything. You can't get a better spot.2. Great Staff.3. Great common areas inside and out.4. Nice room with air-conditioning. Bad Things:1. It is noisy when you go to bed. If you like to sleep in a quiet place it will drive you nuts. Didn't really bother us much, but I know if someone like my mom were to stay there she would of gone crazy.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Afternoon Tea Is A Delight Had to post this, as there was such an unhappy review posted by someone else--sorry for that experience, but Tea on The Veranda has always been a pleasure! I was there May, 2006 and ordered the vegetarian sandwiches, as I did not care for the other choices available--no problem they were available and pleasant enough. The tea choices are excellent, and much time is given for an explantion of each variety and a chance to appreciate the fragrance of each. The service was wonderful and leisurely, with attention to refilling the teapot. You may even include champagne. Sitting on the veranda is like a wonderful trip on a time machine--you feel transported back to the days of the Matson cruise ships. I cannot imagine where else you can find that experience in Waikiki today! The large wicker chairs are very inviting, the view of the ocean is incredible, and as I said before, charming and wonderful service. I have been here many times, and regret when time does not allow an hour or so for tea here--I miss it. The sorbet is refreshing as was mentioned. The cost of the tea is not a surprise, as you have a choice of with or without the champagne, without is a bit less money. It is absolutely worth the cost, and the time spent here will stay with you forever. There is even a nice tea sample presented before you leave--a very nice touch, I think. It is the kind of experience one hopes for in tea rooms and is frequently denied. I am looking forward to the next time--have been enjoying tea here for the past 12 years. Really it's lovely.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>montya
<Content>Sensational Surfrider!!!! What a beautiful place to stay!!! We stayed at this hotel from 15-20th of June 2006. We made a last minute reservation through Starwood Preferred Guests 1 week before we left (we joined SPG 5 minutes before making the reservation, I think that it helped our stay). We requested a city view room with 2 full beds (US$260 p/n) as we were traveling with our toddler who is 21 months old. We arrived at 10.30am, were greeted with a lei and fruit juice as well as a cold face washer. Our son was given a children's lei with candy wrapped in it and a pair of kids sunglasses, instead of flowers. Our room wasn't going to be ready until 3pm, so they gave us a hospitality room (a slightly smaller than regular room with full bathroom etc. to freshen up - no beds, only sofa's). We made full use of it for about an hour, and then had our luggage stored until we got our room key later that day.When we checked in later that afternoon we were given a Tower corner room on the 7th floor- room 771 (with 2 balconies) and a decent beach/ocean view between the Tower and the Outrigger hotel next door. We were happy. Later that night, the street buskers drums started beating outside the International Marketplace which is across the street from the Surfrider. They played until about 1.30am. Our son stayed awake because of the noise, and finally fell asleep just after midnight. We were so furious. My husband went to the check-in counter the next morning at 7am and asked to be moved to a less noisy room. They moved us up one floor and towards the ocean about 4 rooms. We heard NO noise in the evenings for the next 4 nights, it was just wonderful. It was an upgrade but we didn't have to pay any more than our US$260p/n as booked.We rented a car from Thrifty for 1 day which is very conveniently located about 2 blocks away from the hotel in a parking garage. We made the reservation through DiscountHawaiiCarRental for a compact car for $28/day. They negotiated the rate with the different companies, which was a lot less than I could find anywhere else. Thrifty gave us a free upgrade to a mid-size and off we went. I will definitly use DiscountHawaiiCarRental if we return to Hawaii. They take all the pain out of looking at all the different rental car websites for quotes etc.We swam in the pool and the surf every day, and the roped off section of the beach for Surfrider patrons is a plus (that is, if you get there early enough to be so rude as to put your towels on the chairs to reserve them for hours while you are out enjoying the sights, while others could be enjoying themselves lying in the sun - selfish! You know who you are!!!). We were always there in the early morning or late afternoon, no lying around in the sun with a toddler so it didn't affect us too much, but others it did.We enjoyed our stay at the Moana Surfrider so much that we would never consider staying anywhere else if we were to return again. It is so central to everything you might need. The whole atmosphere at this hotel is relaxed, child friendly as well as honeymoonish at the same time. The views along the beach are beautiful, the weather at this time of year is superb (80's + everyday) and everyone treats you like you are an important guest.FYI, our last trip to Hawaii was in Jan/Feb 2003 and we stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village on the recommendation of our friends. It was good for kids (we didn't have one at that stage) as they have the birds/ fairy penguins etc. but we just felt like a number, no special treatment, boring room, and it didn't feel like it was close to much. Admittedly, it was winter and light rain most days. We had a car for the whole time we were there and spent most of the time exploring the island and driving up to the North Shore, Outlet Mall, Polynesian Cultural Centre etc, but the HHV just didn't do it for us. Also, it was more expensive than the Surfrider, even in winter.Another thing, the walk up Diamond Head is sensational. We did it with our toddler this time - my husband carried our son on his shoulders the whole way. It is quite rocky from about one third of the way up and you can't take a stroller. We got the bus one block from the Surfrider to the entrance of the Park at about 3pm and walked from there. The stairs close to the top are a killer. Once you get there, the view is superb!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>too much hype about high noon tea I went with 5 friends to high noon tea. The atmosphere with the ocean in view and a beautiful banyan trea courtyard was lovely, but the prices were outlandish. I am a vegetarian and told the waiter who proceeded to scold me because he had nothing to give me! We had delicious tea. Everyone else had 3 sandwiches with a variety of meats and fish. He brought me two pieces of bread with a couple slices of tomato, cucumber and lettuce inside. Everyone else had a 3 tiered array of deserts to choose from. I don't eat eggs, so there was nothing for me. Then we had green tea, lemon grass sorbet, which was great. Our total bill for 6 people was an outrageous $200!!! ...they charged me full price and I didn't even have anything to eat! I left feeling upset and disappointed. I certainly will never go back.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mg4134
<Content>Worth Every Dollar!!! My daughter's wedding was held at the Moana Surfrider several weeks ago in May. My husband and I, along with the wedding couple and several family members stayed at the hotel. The greetings with cold towels, leis and juice were fabulous, especially after a long day of travelling. Checking-in was a very pleasant experience and we were all thrilled with our rooms which were spacious, welcoming and clean. During our stay, we encountered outstanding service from the hotel staff. The beauty of the hotel is remarkable and the atmosphere is simply breathtaking. I worried about staying here because of some of the reviews, but my fears were unwarranted. I will stay here the next time I visit Hawaii and highly recommend that others do the same. It is definitely worth every dollar!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location The Sheraton Moana SurfiderJune 15-23 The locatin of this hotel was great. The employees were very nice and helpful. We had 6 rooms on the Tower side which had lanais and a limited beach view. We ate a few times at the Beach side cafe good very expensive. The whole area is very expensive. We had refrigs. in our rooms so we were able to buy breakfast foods and sandwiches for lunch. The ABC across the streets had anything from food to souvenirs it was a great place. I would suggest that if you want a beach chair and umbrella or even a chair around the pool you must reserve one the afternoon before with pool person. This way you make sure you have a chair they will hold your spot from 7-9am the next morning. There were 10 of us and we were very happy with this hotel. We all would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noise The noise in our room was so bad it sounded like we had the window open, a drummer played until late each night on the street, a brawl erupted one night and a delivery truck came about 5 am each morning and backed in to do a delivery the back up alarm went off for about 5 minutes each and every morning by the third day we were quite willing to pay for backing up lessons for the truck driver. The folks in the next room turned on CNN each morning and we got to listen to the news between 4 and 5 each morning. By the way I have a significant hearing loss and could make out every word. Complaning to the front desc in oerson at 430 am did absolutly no good at all. The last morning I finaly pounded on the wall. Food extreamly expensive about double of what it was 1 block down the street.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GIMD
<Content>Great Hotel Overall an excellent hotel that I would rate a solid four stars.A couple of comments:I paid ~400 USD/night to stay in a deluxe ocenaview room in the Tower which I thought was definitely worth it. The location is the best on Waikiki in terms of the beach and access to the surrounding attractions. The hotel is overall very nice but some areas are starting to look as though they need updating: - The Diamond wing needs to be renovated/re-done; at least from what I saw on the main floor. It is definitely showing its age- Some areas of the historic Banyan wing need repainting, etc. although it is still in excellent condition considering it is a wood structure in a humid localeI thought the service was very good but they could use more waiters working on the beach and at the pool as I had difficulty flagging one down on a number of occasions.As I said before, a solid four-star hotel. If they updated the areas that are starting to show their age and improved the service at the beach and pool just a bit, I think this hotel would be a 5 star establishment.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nervous for No Reason When I read reviews that said that service was terrible and good reviews must be by management, I got nervous. But all for not. The staff was nice and very helpful. They upgraded us for no charge were really very sweet at check out. The hotel is beautiful and so neat because of its history. The smell? a faint smell of old wood. Not gross; more like an old library with lots of books. Actually my room also smelled of new carpet (it was pretty strong). There was a street musician who was loud and they called the police. Then moved my parents to a quieter room the next morning. Nice.The rooms are simply done, which I appreciate, and clean. The rooms are smallish, but not claustriphobic. The bed linens, incluing duvet, are all white, which is I LOVE!!! Nothing gross hiding on dizzy pattern. No headboard either (where bed bugs love to hide), so it is more clean. The room was very clean, including bathroom, which is most important. The rooms are a bit worn here and there (wallpaper obviously not new/tv cabinet with knicks), but I care more about cleanliness than those things. And it was one of the top five cleanest places I've been (I've traveled a lot).There are chairs and lounges by the pool and on the beach. They can run out, but there were plenty when I was there. Lots of cute Japanese brides around the hotel (not annoying as some have suggested). My suggestion for the hotel would just to do something about the pigeon droppings around the banyan area. Otherwise, very nice.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FrequentFrier
<Content>City-side rooms are OK I have stayed 3 times at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider in the last year, and each time in one of the cheaper city-side rooms. They do front on to the main street in Waikiki, so traffic noise is noticeable - but this seems to subside by midnight. In the evening, visiting choirs often serenade from across the road, which is quite enjoyable. I prefer the spacious older-style rooms, and find the small bathrooms cute and functional. Being right on the beach is a big plus - and don't forget to look out for the turtles swimming with you! Meal prices are high - but there are plenty of other options within walking distance. If you have a spare hour, go on the free tour of this historic hotel. The staff have always been friendly - and the towel, guava and lei greeting is a nice way to arrive.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best hotel in waikiki My husband and I were celebrating our honeymoon and our first stop was oahu island. We were quite pleasantly pleased with the overall appearance and ambiance of the hotel. We loved not only the location but the beautiful yet historical presence of the hotel. The room was clean and had two sets of balconies. I suggest that you stay on floors 8 and above. You can get a great feel for the place. The restaurants downstairs and the constant entertainment available was very pleasing. We had a wonderful time in oahu esp because of this fine establishment. We def want to go back there and stay there during our next vacation in oahu. It is in the heart of waikiki and has full access to shopping/meals. The only complaint i had was the staff. The concierge were helpful but i think the reservations desk could have been more helpful and more friendly. If not for that one complaint I would have given this hotel and excellent rating. Otherwise it is definitley up there!!! i highly recommend to all to stay there.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Travel'inged
<Content>The Grand Dame of Waikiki Beach The Sheraton Moana Surfrider, a Starwood property is truely the BEST OF THE BEST, when it comes to ocean front Hotels in Honolulu! Not only is it Historical but primely situated on the world famous Waikiki Beach. Go for it, book/reserve an oceanfront room, the view will stay in your memory forever ! It's well worth every dollar you'll pay !  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hele-on
<Content>Sheraton Moana Surfrider...Good, Bad, Expensive! I travel to Honolulu frequently for work, and I have stayed at most of major hotels along Waikiki Beach. However, I had not been to the Moana in sometime, so I decided to give it a try once more. The grandam of Waikiki is still spectacular, though Starwood Resorts seems to be trading soley upon the hotel's prime and enviable beachfront location. Despite the recent multi-millon dollar cosmetic facelift, any improvements to the operational standards of the hotel were without merit. Room rates here are high and quite frankly are not justified by the spartan, unexceptional quality of the accomodations. Personally, I feel it's just too hit or miss. Although service standards are average to good, I think better options abound along Waikiki's famed shore.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy with the Moana My husband and I stayed at the Moana for fours days during our honeymoon in early April. We were very pleased with our choice to stay there. I had read on this site a few times to request a room in the newly renovated tower and I would agree. Our room was very nice, spacious, and quiet. I personally would also not advise staying in any of the rooms off of the street b/c Wakikki is very city-like in the way that there are crowds out at all hours of the night. We did not get the warm towel and juice. Maybe b/c we arrived in the evening. It would have been nice but no biggie. We found the staff to always be very helpful and Brandon is by far the best server out by the pool.The location of the hotel could not be more perfect. It is in the middle of everything and right on the beach with a fantastic view of Diamond Head (which you really should climb- FYI: do it in the AM hours when the sun is not as hot!) We took a catamaran ride which was nice. They are lined up along the beach. The pool is ok. Just your average pool, but still nice. They have live music every evening which was cool.If you are staying here for a short time you really do not need a car. The public transportation is easily accessible and reliable.We did not eat at any of the restaurants so I cannot comment on them. But I will recommend Sensai which is about a 5 minute walk.We had a great time at this hotel and if we were to ever go back to Wakikki would stay here again.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jodi090801
<Content>Gorgeous! Loved every minute! We were dropped off at this massive, historic hotel. It was beautiful. From the moment we walked into the lobby to check in, we were greated with a cool towel and mango tea. It was great. Much needed after a long flight from Vegas. We checked into our beautiful room. Great bedding and mattress. Makes you not want to leave the room. Nice wood shutters, no screens so your window can be open all night listening to the great live band they have outside below. The water crashing ashore was so soothing. The courtyard area and dining was great. You are footsteps from the beach. Great views of Diamond Head. Walking distance to everything. Nice cute shops and great eatery right on the water. It's Hawaii so a burger costs $10+ then add fries on top of that. But it is so well worth it. Would definately go back again to this hotel. It was in the center of the beach and all the shops and restaurants are just a walk away.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BillJenn
<Content>Beautiful historic hotel- get a good room and it is perfect Ask to be in the Diamond Head Tower the rooms are right on the Ocean. I stay in Hawaii a lot on business and I prefer this hotel since it is small enough that you do not have to wait for the elevators. It sure helps if you are Starwood Gold make sure to upgrade your room the ocean rooms are fantastic.This historic hotel is beautiful and one of my favorites. Don't get the city side on the old building as the noise will keep you up at night.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gl0beTr0tter05
<Content>Beautiful Historical Hotel       hotel  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hit or Miss Depending on the Tower You're in We paid about $5000 for one week including airfare. We got to our room and it was what you'd expect to see in a Holiday Inn. Apparently there is one wing of the hotel that has not been updated. It also had twin beds. I can't even begin to describe what the bathroom looked like. It was unacceptable. This was the room included in our package. We went down to the lobby and asked about the room and they would not accommodate us unless we paid an additional $100/night to switch to the good tower. We did pay an extra $950 on our trip to upgrade our room because it was just unacceptable for a so-called luxury hotel. We were completely dissatisfied and felt misled by the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed in room! I could not believe the room we had for almost $300.00 a night. It was the type of room I would expect at a budget motel. It was small and definitely nothing special about it. I guess the prices were so high because the hotel was located on the beach which was a definite plus. The food was very expensive. We only ate at the hotel the first night due to the prices. The staff was nice.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SSLlovesBSB
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We thought this was a beautiful hotel, great location in downtown...we were greeted with a Lei, cold wash cloth and a refreshing drink. We had wanted to upgrade from another Sheraton close by not on the beach, the hotel was very accomidating, and cordial in our request.Beautiful rooms and great maid service...a place we would stay at again.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good location and popular               
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best - treated like royalty       Shot from Duke's right next door to hotel  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Grand Old Lady of Waikiki We stayed at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider February 15th to the 18th as part of a Norwegian Cruise Line package. This is the second time we have stayed at the Moana and the only thing I can say is fantastic.From the minute you check in with the warm face cloth, flowered Lai and fruit punch drink, this hotel is first class. Built in 1901 and constantly upgraded since staying there was like stepping back into history. The rooms are small and somewhat dated, however, the amenities are 5 star and the beds are extremely comfortable. You can not ask for a better location in Waikiki. The Moana is right on the beach and central to all the activity on the strip. It was so pleasant to sit on the front porch in the evening on a rocking chair and watch the activity on the street or sitting under the famous Banyan tree sipping on a cool drink and watch the surfers and beach crowd. The staff were excellent and went out of their way to accomodate any requests. I do recommend taking the organized tour of the hotel, it is very informative.The hotel restaurants are expensive, however, there are so many places to dine, it is not hard to find a reasonable place within a few minutes walking distance. Thankyou Sheraton Moana for starting our vaction off on the right foot and making us comfortable for the few days we stayed with you.For further information about the hotel and local attractions and restaurants please contact me at dcardy2@cogeco.comDave  Catherine  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Next time I'll stay in a different room or somewhere else The Moana Surfrider is a lovely old hotel with wonderful public areas but the next time I'm in Honolulu I'll definitely stay someplace else. I arrived at the hotel before my husband but the front desk refused to let me check in because they only had my husband's name on the reservation. This is a minor annoyance but I'm the one that made the reservations and they were made in both our names. Always a joy to be harassed the minute you arrive. The staff was friendly but firm in their resolve to not let me check in. We stayed in the old Banyan Court wing and had an oceanfront room without lanai. The room was extremely small which was OK but there were a few problems. When you have an oceanfront room you want to open the window coverings and see the ocean and maybe even open the windows. The problem is that the tower next door is so close to these rooms that the folks next door can peer in. Also, as other reviewers have pointed out, the windows will only open a few inches so forget the ocean breezes. Most nights you would want to keep the windows closed anyway to help block the noise from the restaurant/bar below although it does quiet down at a reasonable hour. One night there were strong winds blowing and the windows rattled in their frames all night long and created drafts through the room that caused the entry door to rattle too. She IS an OLD hotel. Another minor irritation was that the sink basin could not be closed to fill the sink with water so forget washing out the skivvies. And you'd think for these rates that you might get a free internet connection but no, they have to nickel and dime you for that too. On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable although the sheets would not stay on because they didn't fit the bed. Also, the hotel is located on a nice part of the beach with easy access to the water and friendly servers will bring you drinks and food while poolside or in the hotel's beach area. Alcohol is not allowed on the public part of the beach. (All of the waitstaff in all areas of the hotel were very friendly and accommodating.)All of these things wouldn't be such a big deal if the room rates weren't so high. I much prefer a hotel with a lanai or balcony where I can open the windows and still feel that I have some privacy, especially in the chaos that is Waikiki. Perhaps the newer, tower rooms would have been more to my liking, but they were even more expensive. We also had a pre-paid booking that made it impossible to change the room after arrival without losing money. There are better places to stay for room rates that are comparable to the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NDReece
<Content>Great hotel, great location! My wife and her family stayed at the Moana Surfrider for over a week this past September. When we go back to Oahu we will definitely stay there again. The staff was courteous and the rooms were great. The location was in the center of everything. One of the best hotels that I have ever stayed at. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thmar
<Content>Return Visit...Fantastic!! I stayed at the Moana Surfrider in August 2005 with my two twenty-something daughters...loved it so much I returned with husband for 6 nights the last part of January 2006. We booked through Starwood Perferred Quest Program (it's free to join). We booked a partial ocean view room in the Tower Wing and were upgraded to a deluxe ocean Tower Wing Room. When we went to our room, we were greeted with chocolate strawberries and champagne. Simply can't fave enough about the decor, the comfortable beds, the service, the food...We loved it!! The Royal Hawaiian and the Moana Surfrider are the only two hotels I'd stay at on Waikiki.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Phoenix88
<Content>Nice Stay at the Moana I returned yesterday from a 4 night stay at the Moana. As I was frightened by a number of reviews, I only booked for 1 night before leaving home in case I didn't like it and wished to change hotels. As it turned out, I was quite satisfied with the hotel and stayed. I consider myself to be a rather demanding guest and have worked in establishments including the Four Seasons Hotel in the past. Though not the most luxurious of hotel rooms (the 1st tower room I had had a peeling bathtub), probably about as good as it gets at Waikiki (in the new tower at least). My Tower partial ocean view room was more than adequate. No noise problems from other rooms or corridor, nice size bathroom  toiletries, and most of the staff were wonderful. I spoke to many hotel guests during their stay and all were very happy with the hotel. Location is excellent, right in the middle of it all. Pool incredibly small (but who uses the pool)....the public beach areas across from the Hyatt  Marriott are wider and far less crowded than the beach areas in front of the beachfront hotels, but beach area in front of hotel quite nice. Hotel was generous with pool towels and beachfront amenitites were more than adequate. I can also recommend the Catamaran ride on the red  yellow boat that parks out the front...we spotted a whale and sea turtle on our journey.I thought the Halekulani was a bit too far out of the way for me, and personally would prefer staying at the Marriott end of the beach strip over the Halekulani end.I plan to return to Honolulu in April and will definitely stay at the Moana again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel with a beautiful view! We were so pleased with the Surfrider, It was just wonderful. We were on the 14th floor of the new wing over looking the beach and Diamond Head. We left the patio open in the a.m. and in the late evening to hear the waves. The food there was spectacular!! And the evening music and Hula grand to say the least. The bed was a bit soft for us but I slept well. Everyone was very nice, The room's very clean and the room was also very quiet and loads of hot water. The Trialathon was going on at the time and I got alot of cool pic's from our Balcony, My sister and brother in-law were right next door and also enjoyed the room's. They have been to several of the 5***** Hotel's around Oahu and they were very happy with it. They always had our car ready for us and were very friendly. MaryTim R.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alohalady
<Content>My favorite hotel       view from my room  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>skans
<Content>Perfect I'm a little surprised at some of the negative reviews. My husband and I stayed here on the last leg of our US honeymoon and it was perfect. Service was incredible - the best I've experienced anywhere. We stayed in the historic part of the hotel in a room with a balcony that directly overlooked the banyan tree, courtyard, and beach. The room was large, well lit, and well appointed with a magnificent bed, beautiful linens, and a lovely bathroom with equally nice toiletries. I can only assume that some of the negative reviews come from people staying in cheaper rooms... Beach towels are supplied, and we were treated to cool face towels and fresh pineapple on the beach everyday - what more could you ask for? I simply would not consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our room smelled like Pee too!! We started off our 10-day vacation at the Sheraton Moana. I had been to Oahu before and always wanted to stay at the Moana because it was such a very beautiful hotel. We got to the Hotel and were scooted around one of the many Japanese weddings that was underway. We got to the front desk and they had our reservation totally screwed up. We got to our room and were told the carpet and wall covering had recently been upgraded. I thought the room smelled a little funny but thought it was the new materials in the room off-gassing. My Husband immediately told me the room smelled like Pee. The smell got worse the longer we stayed in the room so we went down to the front desk and they said they would put an ozonator (SP?) in the room while we were at dinner. Well when we got back to our room still stunk and now the carpet was all wet. By this time we were totally ticked off and it was clear we couldn鈥檛 stay in the room. We went back downstairs and tried to get a room we could at least breath in. We were given the run around and I think the fact that I told the staff I was going to begin screaming at them put the staff on alert. Well we got someone else鈥檚 room that had not checked in yet and they got our stinky one (Sorry guys) It was much better and had an improved view, which eased our nerves a bit. In addition to the room problems the crowds and the way we are treated like second-class citizens compared to all the many, many, many Japanese tourists is very sad. I love different cultures but it becomes a little much when you are pushed up against a wall while 200+ Japanese tourist walk by with no regard for anyone but themselves. I would skip the Moana and Oahu in general and go to a better island like Maui or Kauai.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bigmouth
<Content>STAY OUT OF THE OLD WING OCEANFRONT DELUX room over new years 12/05 in the old building was like a college dorm room with a great view. smelly, moldy, worn dirty carpets, faded upholstry on the armchair, motel quality furniture.my kids stayed in the tower wing which is nicer, butthis hotel was overrun with swarms of people and needs more maintenence.dont let the historic lobby fool ya, inside the rooms its a sheraton with upper management to match, on a $600 room they offered a $15 credit. The Halikiliani is down the street, tranquil and georgeous but appears 90% japanese.I guess I didnt like the sheraton, I had read similar complaints but tried to avoid with O/F Delux, was told the catagory was not high enough to get me into the newer tower.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply splendid My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider over the Thanksgiving Holiday. We were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary.Upon our arrival, we were upgraded to a partial-ocean view room in the tower, which had a spectacular view. We left our balcony door open during the evening, and enjoyed the sound of the ocean waves throughout the night. Our room was more than adequate and thoroughly cleaned each day. The bathrooms were large, clean, and equipped very nicely. The water was always warm for showering. The beds and comforters were the best! We had no trouble getting a good night's sleep, and didn't hear any street noise as our room overlooked the ocean side. We would highly recommend staying in the tower oceanview rooms. They were large, and newly decorated. Our room was on the 9th floor. We did not spend alot of time at the hotel during the day, and chose to eat at less expensive restaurants in the area, but we did utilize the beautiful beach area, and spent several evenings having drinks underneath the Banyan tree in the courtyard...Simply splendid. The concierge was very helpful in finding us a car rental, and when we checked out on the final day, our luggage was stored and we were given a key to shower at a later time in another hotel room. In the meantime we were able to spend a few more hours on the beach before our later evening flight back to Minnesota. The hotel was just starting to decorate for the holidays, and the trees and gigantic toy soldiers were stunning. To say the least, we were extremely pleased with our stay at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. The location is the best on the beach and close to many restaurants and shops. We would definately return to the Sheraton again if given the opportunity to go back to Hawaii.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Hotel! My husband and I recently celebrated our tenth anniversary in Hawaii. We had visited Waikiki a couple of years ago and, after falling in love with the outdoor bar area as non-guests of the hotel, decided that if we ever came back we would splurge and stay at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. After reading some of the less than complimentary reviews on here I was a bit hesitant and followed up with the Sheraton. I was assured by the Front Desk Manager that my stay would be completely satisfactory.Upon check-in (with cool towels, pineapple juice and leis) we were upgraded to a terrific corner room overlooking the ocean and the Banyan Courtyard. We spent most of our vacation on the beach in the hotel's lounge chairs (the canopy chairs are awesome), sitting in the courtyard, or falling asleep to the music playing outside our window every evening. Our stay at the Moana Surfrider was everything we hoped it would be. I would definitely stay there again. While I don't discredit any of the negative reivews, I can attest to the fact that they must be isolated incidents because there was not one negative aspect of our stay there.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation! This hotel has been taking a beating from everyone so we would just like to defend this grand ol gal.We stayed at the Moana Surfrider and we have nothing but praises for the rooms, staff, and location. First of all we were upgraded from the city view to a partial ocean view at the old wing. Our room was a satisfactory size. We loved the high ceilings and old world charm to the rooms. We had plenty of room considering we had 2 large luggages and 2 golf bags in the room. The bathrooms were on the small side but ok for the 2 of us. The location can't be beat as you are right in the hub of downtown close to shopping, restaurants and of course Waikiki beach. The Moana is a gathering place of sorts. Everyday of the week you are sure to see a few wedding parties taking pictures in the lobby. During our stay we really got into the Xmas spirit with the Christmas tree in lobby and gingerbread replica of the hotel complete with model trains.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor service and resolution of theft incident I also had a very serious incidence of theft during a previous stay at the Surfrider originating from my attempts to book tours, etc through the concierge desk in the lobby. As I approached the desk, there were two men hanging out socializing with the young clerk. She made no attempt to obscure my room number or personal information from these characters despite my request that she handle the matter when she finished up with them. No surprise - they were grifters/ identity theives and used this information at all three Sheraton hotels to several hundred dollars in expensive dinners (while the kids and i ate burgers ) and even left a $50 tip (in my name of course)for drinks at one hotel! Despite the fact that my family and i were clearly on hotel arranged tours during the evenings these incidents occurred AND the fact that the waiters involved described the perpetrators to the police as being two middle aged white males matching the description of the people I saw (we are African American) the hotel still tried to stick us with these charges. We were infuriated by their attitudes and were only able to dispense with the matter once they realized that we would go after them for their obvious negligence. It took several weeks of dealing with these people after we returned home. Really ruined my vacation.This hotel and the service is really going the wrong direction. This is very sad for me as I always look forward to the patio bar (not kept clean) and banyan tree, and have stayed at this hotel most summers as i was growing up. During my most recent visit this spring, I checked it out again and decided to head over to the Hyatt which was OK, and will consider other options as well for future visits.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will not be coming back - they did not handle a theft situation This was not our first stay at this Hotel. As a matter of fact we specifically asked our Beverly Hills travel agent to plan our 2 week vacation there. Well, the room was OK. The beach fine. The food quite acceptable. The best part of our entire stay was the most outstanding help at the beachside food booth. All working there are exceptional and go above and beyond the call of duty. We were greated daily with smiles and sincere hello from all working there. We looked forward to our every day walk to the beach to see all of the smiling faces.We did encounter one problem that still has us upset. We had something in our room disapear and even after we called security and filed a report we were treated like we were not telling the truth. We felt like the entire front desk staff and the security team could have cared less. This situation was handled so poorly we will not be coming back to this hotel. The items missing were replacable (on the main land-not in Hawaii) and were not expensive, yet they were taken and this made us feel like we had been violated. Even after expressing our feelings to the front desk and the security team they still continued to make us feel as though we were not telling the truth. I don't think I have ever been treated like that in my entire life. Again, we were return customers who never have made another complaint at this hotel. If anything we are always complimentry towards all. I refuse to go on vacation and spend that amount of money and be treated like a liar.Never again!!!!!!We will find another hotel and spend out time there.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible horrible hotel, rude front desk and smelly rooms! I booked a room in this hotel 3 times this month. The first two times were for my parents and they complained like crazy. The first time they got there, they got a room that hasn't been cleaned yet. I called to speak to the manager who assured me that it won't happen again. So i booked the hotel for them again for the 2nd time. This time, they got a room that smelled like pee. I still didn't believe my parents and booked a room there for myself and my husband - we had just gotten married on the Big Island the day before. Let's see... It took us 90 minutes to check in. The front desk was incredibly rude. I just got married (and told them so) and they gave me a room with two twin size beds. YES, TWO TWIN SIZE BEDS FOR A COUPLE WHO JUST GOT MARRIED LESS THAN 12 HOURS AGO! When we requested for a queen/king size bed, we were told that it was our fault for not booking a better room, for not checking in earlier and therefore no king size bed. Meanwhile, my confirmation clearly states king size bed. When we settled for the two twin size beds, we went to our room and realized that a. the carpet was dirty, b. the sheet was all wrinkled as if someone had already slept on it and c. the room smelled like pee.... We spoke to the manager again who said there's absolutely nothing he could do. We ended up checking out that same night, went across the street to Hyatt Regency which happily gave us an upgrade to a nice ocean view room with a king size bed! Bottom line - YOU DON'T WANT TO STAY AT THE SHEARTON MOANA SURFRIDER!!!!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sgsilva
<Content>The best hotel in Waikiki I stayed at the Moana again for a long weekend in October 2005. This is by far my favorite hotel in Waikiki. I've stayed at the Royal Hawaiian and the Hyatt Regency and I definately prefer the Moana. First of all, it has the best location and best beach in Waikiki. The public areas are beautiful and elegant. I always book a room in the historic Banyan wing. While they might be on the small side, they make up for it with style. High ceilings, plantation shutters, beautiful furniture, etc... The bar on the beach is fantastic and the food in the restaurants is terrific.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel What can I say but fantastic! We went for our honeymoon, got an amazing upgrade on our room with a stunning view. Bottle of champagne on arrival and the friendliest staff you could ever wish to meet. I can see why people stay at this hotel! Everything about it made our honeymoon an unforgettable experience, we are longing to return. We had breakfast on the veranda, which was stunning, very traditional. Thank you to everyone at the hotel we loved it. Keep up the good work, you will long be in our hearts.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Front Desk Rudness We are repeat guests at the hotel and always get a tower room...it is lovely, but do not try and request anything of the front desk...the front desk manager Rolando is disrespectful, rude, will not accomadate any simple request, and does not back up any of his front desk personal ...he does not reguard his guests as such. He is argumentative and one leaves with a feeling of frustration. this is not what you expect of a decent hotel. The beach is the best and that is the only reason we return....if service is not important than The Moana is for you.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Mulrain
<Content>New York in Waikiki I should have listened, to the reviews, but noooo, booked a room, requested a tower room, received a room on the 2nd floor facing the street of the old main building. Complimented by trucks, cars, buses, musicians, and to be pleasantly waken up by the garbage trucks. Complain, sure, but front desk Sorry we are booked there is nothing we can do. Sure there is, pitch a tent for us on the beach it would have been nicer and much more quiet. Oh, well live and learn. The hotel is very nice, just pay the extra bucks for a guaranteed tower room, better than that, don't even go to Oahu, go to Kauai and stay at the Grand Hyatt. You will appreciate the advice, trust me. Sheraton Moana Surfrider, you will not see us again. Yours truly, the unhappy honeymooners.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nalani65
<Content>Beautiful nostalgic feel My husband and I stayed here for a weekend for my birthday in April 2005. We had stayed here previously in 2004 as well. This hotel is beautiful, a little pricey, but none the less, it was great. It is one of the oldest hotels in Waikiki, but very well up kept. I would not recommend this hotel for families, it's more for couples honeymooning or a weekend get away. There is a great bar under the banyan tree that had live music and great pupus, we enjoyed that! Waikiki is always busy and loud, so unless you have a ocean front room, you won't escape that unless you close the doors. Great place to stay!!!! Staff and room service was great too!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PDGal
<Content>Very Disappointed with room... My husband and I checked into the Moana on August 29th for eight nights. We booked our vacation through Pleasant Hawaiian Holidays and paid a premium to stay at the Moana. We had booked a city view room and upon check-in were given room #506. I assumed our room would be of the same caliber as the other rooms, just not with an ocean view. Plain and simple, our room was filthy and rundown. The smell was not the smell of a first class hotel on the beach. After three days of phone calls to housekeeping, someone finally came on the 3rd day to change out the shower curtain, which smelled of mildew. There were stains all over the bathroom wallpaper. There were stains on the carpet. There was so much grime buildup on the shower curtain rod that it was hard to move the curtain open and close. There was mold and grime on the bathroom sink. This room was sorely in need of a makeover.I would expect this had we chosen a discount hotel located many blocks from the beach, however, this being a Sheraton property, I was a little taken aback.On a different note, I was surprised there was no closet. The armoire that holds the TV is hardly adequate for two people for a week. We loved the location and chose to overlook the many, many negatives on the room. We loved the Banyon Beach Bar and had cocktails there each evening. Unfortunately, we had to go back to our room each night.These rooms definitely need to be upgraded and should not be occupied until they are. I waited until now to submit this report, as I wrote the General Manager of the hotel to voice my concern, however, I have yet to hear back from the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What an amazing place From the moment we pulled up, we received excellent service. Upon check in we were greeted with a moist towell and some pineapple juice. Conceirge was very helpful with directions and information. Very comfortable beds and excellent room. We didn't want to leave.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel My husband and I stayed here on our honeymoon for 2 nights. We were upgraded to an oceanview tower room. Our room was located at the back of the hotel so we had two balconies. One looking out toward diamond head and the beach and the other down onto Kalakaua Avenue which we loved. Check in is nice with a cold towel, juice and lei greeting. Our room was spacious. We renewed our vows at the Promise Me Again program. This is a nice hotel in a good central location in Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay.... Spent a week in this hotel with a city view room in the older section of the hotel. The room had an old smell about it that was not objectionable and the room was very clean. The bed comfort (king) is second to none and excellent rest was easy to get. The hotel is Japanese owned and the predominantly oriental guest list indicates a strong marketing push in that direction. The hotel staff was all very pleasant and accomodating as well as friendly and efficient. One of the highlights is the rocking chairs on the porchs that allow you to rest in the shade while people watching. The only negative is the food service. Very overpriced with mediocre quality and service, at best. Duke's and Chuck's at the Outrigger right next door are a far better value. Duke's has an awesome breakfast buffet and the dinner menu at Chuck's is excellent with a large selection. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelgirl88
<Content>Not for families My husband and I stayed at the Moana 8 years ago in the Surfrider wing. We loved it. The beach is the best, the lobby is gorgeous, the location is central. And the view of Diamond Head with a rainbow over it? Priceless.Put your parent goggles on, and the whole thing changes. Two double beds. My husband and I were knocking into each other all the time. And the kids couldn't sleep together, so we called for a rollaway. They wanted $60 PER NIGHT. Not having another $120 (plus hotel tax!) we took the comforter off the bed and made a sleeping bag. There was no blanket, just the comforter, so we used the robes and towels as blankets. The Hyatt Regency on Kauai didn't charge anything for a rollaway. I was prepared to pay a reasonable rate. $60 is not reasonable.The pool was green and hazy with stuff floating in it, even at 9AM. Sure the beach is great, but my kids aren't able to swim in the surf yet and they wanted to go in the pool. Eew. A little chlorine please and a skimmer?We stayed in the Tower wing this time and it was definitely quieter than the Surfrider wing. Overall, honeymooners and couples, go for it. Families, keep looking.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in Oahu Just got back from our trip to hawaii and with a great experience. Service was awsome and the hotel itself is beautiful. The room we stayed in was nice with a partial ocean view. My only complaint is the pricing of the drinks and food, expensive! oh and the pool could be a little bigger, but it's Ok since the beach makes up for it!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Experience! This is an absolutely incredible hotel, offering a classic hawaiian experience. The Moana was the very first hotel in Honolulu, built in 1908 using southern antebelleum architecure. It has, of course, been remodeled and there is a new tower next door that is also part of the original property, all in outstanding condition. The hotel offers an atrium courtyard where the focal point is a 100 plus year old Banyan tree, and of course, Waikiki beach and the sunsets. The service is excellent, and far exceeds any other resort in the area. Food at the Banyan Tree Terrace is wonderful, and on Saturday nights at 7:30 PM, the hotel offers wedding vow renewals at no charge. The live entertainment offered every evening in the courtyard is usually different original hawaiian artists, along with a hula dancer. Sipping a mai tai and listening to hawaiian music at sunset under the banyan tree at the Sheraton Moana has become my very favorite spot in Hawaii.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tequilatamm
<Content>Still the One My favourite Sheraton Property anywhere... and I've stayed at some pretty nice ones.Sure, the rooms are nothing that special, but the beautiful, grand old lobby in the Moana portion of the hotel, the rocking chairs on the old verandah, and the banyan tree area overlooking Waikiki Beach are top notch.The past few times, I have gotten great deals staying in the historic wing. I have become accustomed to this wing, as there are only a small percentage of rooms in this grand old portion of the hotel, and you actually feel as if you were in Waikiki at the turn of the century... I don't know where else you could get that.This particular trip, I was given a room on the second floor, down the Diamond Wing end of the building, and rathter than taking the elevator up one floor, I mad it habit to take the central staircase, which led me past the upstairs verandahs, and all the historic memorabilia they have on display from back in the day when this was the grand old lady of Waikiki....And then I would walk down the large, old fashioned corridor with its very Hawaiian looking carpeting (if there is such a thing) and the big old-fashioned hotel-room doors.I was fortunate enough to be in a corner room, so I had about 3 windows in my room. That combined with the new decor they have put in, including white paint, and inset mirrors behind the queen size bed, it made for a very light and airy room, with its old, very high ceilings, something you don't get in the Surfrider Tower.Unfortunately it was the wrong corner, in that it was not the corner of the building overlooking the beach, but the corner overlooking the main street of town, also with a side view of the back of the Diamond Wing!BUT.... since I got a good rate, I think I got what I paid for.As I said, the historic rooms are very nice... not all that big, but nice ambiance, and since they've put in more mirrors, it's given the illusion of being a larger room than it is, and the beautiful high ceilings.The bathrooms in the historic wing are not very large either, but put together in a way that makes it manageable.The only other thing was that, facing the street, it was a little noisy from about 10pm until about 2pm. This would probably bother most people, but since I was out partying until about midnight, by the time I went to sleep, things had calmed down on the street.The position of the hotel to the center of Waikiki Beach, the drinks at the Moana Beach Bar under the Banyan Tree, and the quick snacks out by the pool were good as ever.I will always happily come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a cold beauty We spent 2 nights at the Moana Surfrider before our final trip to Kauai. Our room : Ocean view sweet sleeper tower wingRate 409$ excl. TaxesThe hotel Very pleasant hotel, old fashion, maybe it is a bit crowded but I think its maybe the case in all the hotels in Waikiki, Waikiki is crowd place so if you want to avoid it don鈥檛 go thereRoom: Newly refurnished room 12/2005, very good, nothing to say.Pool and beachThe pool is ok not great just OK, just a little problem the rush in the morning time to have a deckchair by the pool or on the beach The beach, one of the great plus of this hotel directly on a large beach (the Marriott or the Hyatt are not on the Waikiki beach, you have to cross the street.)ServiceThis is the bad point of the hotel: nonexistent. I had the feeling that the Check in and the check out were the only times where I felt to be a customer of the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>marcopolo1701
<Content>Grand old lady We were tired after flying in from Sydney and our first room - a standard room facing the street was far better than we had expected. Looked like it had been recently refurbished and was very comfortable - and surprisingly quiet considering the traffic on the main strip.Our second night the management upgraded us to an ocean view room in the tower wing - not at our request as the first room was fine anyway.So the tower room was really fantastic. Huge, 2 double beds, large balcony and beautiful bathroom. Excellent!Breakfast was good and the staff were efficient, moving the long queue quickly and with minimal fuss.Location couldn't be better for Waikiki - centre of the beach and close to all the attractions.Every need is catered for here - cold face towels by the beach, fresh fruit and water brought to your sun lounger with the hotel's compliments throughout the day.The pool is small, but to be honest with Waikiki Beach just 10 metres away, who needs it?This hotel really is a grand old lady who's still providing style and grace on this famous beach.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tom2020
<Content>Stay away from City side rooms Enjoyed the Moana Surfrider. Stay was booked by Norwegian Cruise Lines.We had 3 night pre cruise stay before 7 day Hawaii cruise. When Norwegian books room you get rooms in the original building which is very very nice, but most likely you will be stuck in city side room which has constant noise, traffic, people, and who knows what all night long. For the money payed this shouldn't be. Other than that ,stay was good and enjoy the hustle and crowds on wakiki beach for 3days, which is enough.Plenty of shopping and nearby resturants. Great location, and can rent surfboards and lessons nearby. Would return again but would like tower ocean view room. Why don't they put in some sound proof windows like they do in airport location hotels?  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happening location This hotel is in the heart of the happening Waikiki. The grounds are beautiful. It is nice to have the beach and pool next to each other. You can flow between the two easily. The rooms are a bit small. The closet and luggage storage is in the bathroom, so if you are a family of 4 or even two sharing one room it is hard to get dress when someone is either on the toilet or taking a shower. And consequently you can not use the toilet while someone is showering. We got an adjoining room our third night and that gave us more space as a family. Our partial ocean view was a spectacular view of both the beach and diamond head. The pool didn't seem very flexable for young kids. A group of kids from different states and countries started a little game with the beach ball in the shallow end of the pool. The kids were of all ages. The rope seperating the deep from the shollow end was well within the shollow end leaving enough of 3 feet and more for people to play in the deeper section. The pool person said balls weren't allowed in the pool. Overall all I would call this hotel sufficient for 3 nights in Oahu.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bob_LSanJose_CA
<Content>The Best In Waikiki This is the 7th annual trip to Oahu, 5 times staying at Surfrider. You cant beat the value for 2 ocean view rooms for my family. The Tower wing has been renovated and now its just great. The beach is just wonderful. All Waikiki shopping is close by. Terrific food at walking distance. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Geetika
<Content>Tower rooms are great, Concierge is terrific We upgraded our room to an Oceanfront Tower room after reading the reviews on this site. Our room faced Diamond Head and overlooked the Banyan Varanda. I would strongly suggest this side of the Tower Wing as it seems to have a better view. The rooms and balcony were very nice and modern. The concierge desk was very helpful as far as restaurant recommendations and reservations. Their selections were terrific. I would highly recommend Ocean House restaurant and the sushi restaurant at the Marriott. Afternoon tea at the Moana was fine, but certainly not exceptional.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place in a sea of city we stayed here in late march, early april 05. glad we picked this hotel. quiet and refined compared to all the others except royal hawaiian although we did have a nice meal at orchids. we rented a car and spent most of our trip driving around. we liked the valley of the temples and a nice town on the windward side-kualua??(sp) and spent two days going over there.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! Just returned from a four night (8/1-8/4)stay at the Moana Surfrider. We loved it! Staff was friendly and helpful. Booked the moana memories package, through Hawaiian Airlines and got a GREAT rate. Included in our package was breakfast for two each morning, dinner for two at the Banya restaurant, afternoon tea for two... The only complaint we had was the morning buffet- the food was bland, and overpriced - but since it was included in the package, so be it! I would not recommend it- rather save yourself some $ and go to the ABC store across the street and buys some fruit and yogurt. Our room had a refrigerator and coffee maker. Another annoyance was the fact that the hotel does not have business center, so in order to do web check-in for a return flight guest not traveling w/ a lap top either have to use the Sheraton down the street's center or go visit the internet cafe across the street in the international market place. Stay in the Tower - the views from the balcony are breathtaking- no street noise, large clean rooms... Yes, the area around the hotel is crowed and loud, but being from So Cal, we are used to crowed beach cities... rent a car and explore the island! If we ever visit Waikiki again we will be staying at the Moana Surfrider. We LOVED the elegance of the hotel and location right on the beach.Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>surferangel
<Content>Norovirus anyone? I attended a large dinner party at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider where 1/4 of the guests came down with Norovirus. Needless to say, this ruined everyone's holiday. Stay away from this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>krtman
<Content>Nice place considering the crowds       view from the room  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good experience We just got back from Hawaii, and spent five nights in the Tower Wing of the Surfrider. Everything was new, and first class. It's a beautiful hotel with a first rate location if what you want is to be in the middle of Waikiki. No complaints at all.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gonealot
<Content>Total Luxury We stayed at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider May 19,2005 for 3 nights. We were on the 15th floor in the tower with an ocean view and being away from the street we did not experience any of the noise factors others have mentioned. Being met with cool towel, lei, and fruit tea after a long flight was very welcomed. The spacious, well maintained room, with slippers, safe, robes, coffeemaker, and outstanding view, made this the most memorable leg of our two week vacation.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel on Waikiki Beach! We stayed at the Moana from June 1 through the 4th and had the BEST time.The location is perfect, directly in the middle of everything. The shopping is walking distance and includes everything from the high end Coach store to the International Market place, where all your souviners should come from, you can get 4 t-shirts (fair qaulity) for $20 and it is neat to walk through. The beach is right in front of the hotel and I recommend that you reserve a spot on the hotel grounds as they come with a small table and umbrella and have service. The staff is fair and come around with chilled towles and pineapple for your refreshment. We ate at the hotel banyan cafe and the upscale Banyan resturant, the food was good but overpriced. The best meal we had was next door at the Hula Grill. The food was great and the service and view was better. Also next door is Dukes and just below Dukes is a small snack bar that has great hot dogs, shakes, and fries for half the price at the hotel and open during the day for beach visitors.The room was on the small side but nicely decorated and it appeared to be recently renovated. We had a large balcony with a view of the beach, beautiful each morning. We were there with our two children and they also felt comfortable at the hotel but there were no children activites at the hotel.We will be back.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bug4ballet
<Content>perfect spot in Waikiki I've stayed in Waikiki many times and if you are going for the beach experience, you can't beat the Surfrider. The ocean view rooms in the tower have the perfect view, Diamond Head, surfers and turtles. The rooms are a little on the depressing side, not very Hawaiian themed with ugly drapes but extremely comfortable beds. The bathrooms are very small but there is some counterspace to lay your things out. Unfortunately they put the closet in the small bathroom too but once you walk out on that balcony you quickly forget what's behind you! The Halekulani has the fancy rooms  service but their beach stinks so you are stuck with the pool. The pink hotel is nice too, great beach, small pool, but the Surfrider has the better view of the 2. The food wasn't bad. But there are so many options once you walk out the door. The bar area is great fun, outside with that view again. It's fun to sit in the big white rocking chairs out front and watch the action. It's an easy place to walk to restaurants and shopping from. They pull off a wedding about every 30 minutes so they have a constant limo problem out front. It's big with the Japanese, they make up at least 75% of their business but they were pleasant and fun to watch!All in all I'd go back but stay in the newer tower and get a view room!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>onedude
<Content>Could do better for the price and quality I recently had the opportunity to fulfill a dream - to stay at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider in Waikiki Beach, Honolulu, HI. A disappointment to say the least.Yes it's beachfront. But it also means that anyone can walk off the beach and use the pool, or through the hotel and onto the street. The driveway is so chock full of vehicles on a constant basis that our cab couldn't drop us off and we had to drag our luggage for about 50 meters to the front door.Offered a room in the Historic Wing. Bedding configuration which was confirmed in writing was not met. We trudged back to reception, allocated another room in the Diamond Wing.Beware - this wing is horrid. No view, cramped airless rooms with noisy air conditioners that don't cool the room. Toilets with courtesy signs from Sheraton saying not to use too much toilet paper as their water pressure is not great. Amoirs with drawers that are warped and won't open.Staff were cool but efficient in most respects. When I changed rooms, they had to check me out and check me back in again. Be careful - they were going to reauthorise my credit card for a full stay again - meaning I would have been left with around USD500 in pre-authorisations and no credit on the card itself.For what should have been a wonderful escape, it was wonderful to escape after the two nights we were there. Moved down to the Marriott (was booked that way) and was fantastic in every sense. (See seperate review).For USD200+ per night, you might want to look at the Hyatt or the Marriott. At least you receive what you expect - quality, five star experience with all the trimmings and none of the crap.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! We stayed at the Moana Surfrirder May 12 - May 21 - and it was wonderful - what a beautiful hotel. We stayed in the tower room - 5th floor - ocean view - very nice. The staff was very very nice and the maids were so nice too. During our stay we checked out the other Sheraton hotels next door and we were very glad we decided to stay at the Moana Surfrider - we made a good choice. I recommend this hotel to everyone. If you do decide to stay here - pick the rooms in the tower - and if you are dissatisfied with anything just let them know (i.e., if you want a different room, floor, etc.) It doesn't hurt to always ask - That's why I don't understand why so many reviews on here complained about their rooms, etc. when they could have done something about it. As the motto goes the customer is always right and it doesn't hurt to ask. Had a great experience, will go back again. :)  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>a_warm_new_year
<Content>No class -- not worth $300/night and dishonest Concierge My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton for two nights. As we walked into the hotel we were impressed with the beautiful entrance and friendly reception. Attendants comforted us with papaya juice and a cool wet towel as we checked in. After all this we were really looking forward to the rooms! We stayed on the old side, in room 3712. There wasn't enough room in the bathroom for our toiletries. In fact my mouthwash fell in the toilet as I was getting ready. The amenities were crappy.Our room was oceanfront, so we thought we'd avoided any noise from the street. Except that we were lucky enough to have The World's Most Stupidest People outside, right below the room, playing some idiotic version of Survivor. And in case we had problems listening to the competition, no worries, the hotel's MCs were equipped with microphones and speakers that boomed directly up into our room. In order to drown out the noise, we turned on the air conditioner, which would also help combat the 80F temperature of the room. Except that the fan kept clicking off every 5-10 minutes. We called the front desk, and the electrician came up promptly. The reason why the air conditioner kept cutting off was because of a sensor in the wall that kept the air conditioner off if it thought that the balcony doors were open. (The balcony was a crappy little stoop.)You'd think they would have a sign explaining this sensor business. Which brings me to another observation that there were signs plastered all over the hotel telling you what you could and could not do. No glass bottles allowed past this point. If you don't return your pool towel you will be charged $10. etc. etc. They must have some real riff-raff as guests if they need to post all these signs!The above problems would be tolerable, but not for $300/night!That evening we stopped by the concierge to find out what we needed to do to see the Pearl Harbor Memorial. The concierge informed us that there were tours at 7am, and another at 9am. Judging from the occupancy of the hotel she said we should wake up at 7am to make sure we get a spot. We were surprised by this, as we heard you could go after lunch, and so we asked if there were any alternatives, especially since we had our own car and could drive there. No there weren't, she said. It turns out she was only talking about the hotel tour. If you go to the Memorial you can stand in line, get *free* tickets for tours every 20 minutes, which consists of a movie and a boat ride to see the Arizona monument. If you go after lunch, there isn't even a line! So this concierge was very dishonest, omitting information just in the interests of making more money for the hotel. I must have missed the sign warning us of this.From the other reviews it seems your best bet is to avoid the old crappy tower (any room = 3000). I also wouldn't rely on the concierges. In general Honolulu is a waste though. I would go there just for a day trip to see the Memorial and stay in Maui the rest of the time.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Sheraon Moana Surfrider We stayed at Sheraton Moana Surfrider from 4/18 -4/23.. it was wonderful.. we stayed in room 676 it faced the ocean we had no street noise... the room was big there were 4 of us there...We went on a business trip as travel agents so of course we stayed at a very very low rate but were taken care of... our room rate was seventy nine dollars a night compared to the normal rate of two hundred thirty nine a night...you can view my movie at the (---)put that together and you can see a 10 minute movie...we will go back to the Shearon and stay there again...We did not eat there since it was so expensive but we ate at a tiny place on Kuhio called Tsunamis it was great a little hole in the wall but everything was home cooked... and inexpensive....Rudy  Debra  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>g8rchick
<Content>Loved it! We stayed here for the first few days of our Hawaiian honeymoon and loved it! They treated us like royalty and everything was nice. We were in the old historic part of the hotel overlooking the courtyard with the banyon tree and could hear the lovely music if we opened a window. The rooms are a bit small but we loved it and would definitely stay here again!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Classic Beauty We stayed at the Moana Surfrider April 5-8th 05. The moment we pulled up to the Moana we loved it. The beauty of this historic hotel is wonderful. Like stepping back in time, if not for the noise of the street it resides on you would not know what decade you have entered. Classic touches are everywhere and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. The rocking chairs out front are such a fun touch and perfect for people watching. We stayed in the historic wing of the hotel and it was a very nice room. The bed we sleep in is always my favorite part, and it was lovely with feather pillows and down comforter adorned with traditional hawaiian quilted pillow casings. The room itself was large but the bathroom was small however every part of the room was very clean. Our room faced the city but was only noisy closer to morning which was fine since we were getting up to start the day anyway. And my husband loved that our room was fixed with a doorbell and lights that came on when you entered the room without flipping a switch. Fun touches. The beach is great! The service from the staff was excellent in every way. We will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RealLadyBug
<Content>I would stay there again We stayed at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider on March 17 鈥?20 in room 1771, which is a corner room with 2 lanai: one with an ocean view and one with a city view. It was a very clean room, and had a nice shower with a bowed out shower curtain to give you more room. There is a lot of street noise, but I think just about in any room you are going to hear it because you are in a city. Our room was ocean view, but since it was on a corner we probably got more noise compared to most ocean view rooms. The staff was very friendly. Upon arrival we were greeted with flower leis. Upon check in we were presented with cool drinks and cool towels. The Sheraton is the last hotel on the ocean side of the street for almost a mile. Next to the Sheraton is a tiny police station and then there is a lot of green space: a public beach and parks on both sides of the street. The parks provide a lot of shade and quiet. The aquarium is within walking distance 鈥?less than 1 mile. It is tiny and cost either 8 or 9 dollars per adult. The zoo is also within walking distanced to the hotel 鈥?less than 1 mile; we didn鈥檛 go in. We had Afternoon Tea; we had reservations, but really didn鈥檛 need them. It鈥檚 expensive, but was a nice way to spend part of the afternoon, sipping tea on the veranda with views of the ocean. The waiters wear white gloves. We dressed up, but others were wearing shorts. The beach gets crowded, but it wasn鈥檛 too bad 鈥?we expected crowds. Right next door 鈥?between the Sheraton and the Outrigger 鈥?you can take surf lessons for $30. If you want to rent the board after your 1 hour lesson it is only $5 for an hour. At checkout, if you go down to the registration desk and actually check out, they will give you a packet of Moana Sunset tea to take home. We have been to Waikiki two other times and stayed at the Hilton both times. We liked the Sheraton much better: beautiful building, friendly staff, and great location. The only downside is the street noise.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I ve been going there 4 years and going back for my 5th and wouldnt pick anyother hotel Me and my family have been going ther since i was 11 years old i love it there its the only place i would stay i met all the pool service staff and every time my family and i go back I run to the pool to met my old friends and they rember my like thebackof there hands. the rooms are also so nice i always stay in the tower witch is amazing . the Resort is also in the middle of everything so there is always something to do. Also every day around 3 they bring cold washcloths on a tray so u can cool down they also have another tray for fresh pinapple witchis AMAZING. I highley recomend this hotel for what ever trip your looking for eaither romantic or with your family i will a shure you you would never want to leave.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed out stay here       A view from our room  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TangataPau'u
<Content>Beach on one side, main street on other. Beautiful hotel, but we were in the historic building. Third floor, right over Kalakaua and the International Market Place. Noisy, noisy. There's a gap above the sliding doors. Our first night we were serenaded til after 1AM LOUDLY by a couple of street artists who thought they were drummers. ARRGHHH! The hotel has a Service Policy that they'll help you with ANY thing you want... I guess so long as you don't want ear plugs. They just apologized and turned their shoulder. Pretty funny. If you say you're going to give a 100% service guarantee, shouldn't you do it? We just went and found some, and subsequent nights were better. Not great. Better.Beds were VERY comfortable, except why is it that hotels don't use fitted sheets? We don't wiggle around that much, but each morning the sheets were in a pile in the middle of the bed. I HATE that. It's like they use flat queen sheets on a king bed.Room was so small, we had to put our suitcases on top of the armoire (sp?). We got a good deal, but I'd definitely recommend the beach side of the old hotel (lots of good Hawaiian music from the Banyan court below at night), or one of the towers AWAY from Kalakaua.The beach is very narrow at the hotel, but heh, it's Waikiki. A little bit of sand and wall to wall people. Charge of $12/day for hi-speed access, but I understand that includes wifi. We didn't have a rental car, probably couldn't have afforded to park it. The horseshoe loop at the entrance was a constant traffic jam with valets and drop offs, pick ups. Like a keystone cops movie. But once again, that's Waikiki. I'd rate the whole experience, above average for Waikiki, but not great for Hawaii. Turtle Bay on the north shore has this place beat hands down, for a REAL Hawaiian experience. I want to go to Hawaii to relax. If I want a manic experience, it's Vegas or NYC.... not Moana Surfrider. It'd be a great place if it wasn't for all the darn (noisy) tourists!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UnivMichTraveler
<Content>A Favorite, Even With The Flaws After reading the reviews posted here, I understand many of the pros and cons that people have listed. But despite everything, we loved it. We travel in Europe where many of the hotels are older and have character (which can also mean flaws). So it was easy for us to dismiss some of the problems others are focusing on. Since I stayed there at conference rates ($160/night), we had a city view, which WAS loud at night. But after a day of walking and sitting in the sun, I had no trouble falling asleep. This must have been a fantastic place fifty years ago before it was surrounded with high rise hotels.Pros:Old, historic ambience and decor. Large, covered, plantation style porches in front and back. The front porch is lined with large rocking chairs that are great for people watching.Banyan Courtyard with shady, wonderful views of Waikiki Beach. Traditional entertainment at night.Great location and service.Comfortable beds, with traditional Hawaiian quilts.Cons:Very close to busy street, with lots of noise at night.Exorbitant prices for meals. A basic breakfast (2 eggs, 2 toast, 2 bacon, coffee  juice went for $27.)  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>F10nna
<Content>Homely hotel As usual it is always a bit scary going to a new hotel and worrying that you won't like it, well what was the need. We arrived and were treated with excellent service at the reception. We arrived at our room in the Tower Wing and had a wonderful view from the balcony of the sea.Most nights we had pre dinner drinks at the bar and the service could not have been better. We dined several nights in the Banyan Veranda where we received the most excellent service. One of the waitresses even hugged us as we left and said it was a pleasure to serve us..............that has never happened before. The staff in the hotel and anywhere we went in Waikiki beach were the friendliest people we have ever met.Arranging the next holiday already as I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SFtravelbugs
<Content>Great Rooms         
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>northmole
<Content>Old time elegance!!! Loved it!!! We stayed here after 3 other hotles in Waikiki and I just fell in love with the place. We had a lovely room facing the awesome giant Banyan tree in the courtyard with a bit of the ocean beyond. Very clean room, bathroom was very nice, tub was large corner style, but kind of old. The fixtures were very pretty and old elegant. The entertainment was fabulous for lounging by the bar at night and having a great drink! All day on the perfect patch of beach with the bar right there was great too, pool was small. The service was perfect. One crabby lady at the bar, but others there were super nice. The breakfast was lovely and very good in the restaurant with wonderful views and impeccable service. The desk staff was very accommadating and gave us a room to use since our departing flight was leaving later in the evening. I loved this place and would go back in a minute! I would give it a higher rating but the room wasn't as nice as a five star Four Seasons or anything, and it was small.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IowaGrandparents
<Content>Great Experience Admittedly, we paid the tariff for a deluxe ocean front room, but we were not disappointed in any way. The maid got to know us, the beach service was wonderful, and our dinner on the Veranda was extraordinary -- all delivered with a great spirit of hospitality. There are not many hotels directly on the beach and we found this one wonderful. If we must note a drawback, I'll admit that the balconies on the Diamond Tower are sort of small although the room itself is very spacious. But even with a small balcony, where else in Honolulu could we have been shielded from the noise of the city, watched whales and enjoyed evening sunsets from our room, even opening the sliding doors of the balcony each night so we could sleep to the rhythm of the surf? And all in the heart of Waikiki -- we never did rent a car.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>savvytravelagent
<Content>Rude, Crude and Unattractive Smells The previous reviews on water damage don't highlight several rooms on the fourth and fifth floor! The place has several musty rooms ... Not to mention the rudest and most undignified staff I have ever experience in over thirty years in the hospitality industry! I think the plantation look or facade is inviting especially with the rocking chairs but being next to the Police station with sirens and blaring horns all night really gets you in the mood for the security checks and room key matching. Then you experience rudeness beyond -- If you want to use your Starwood points move on to Maui --- the new Westin Vacation Resort and Sheraton Maui far out way this hotel. It has lost its luster!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it and we're going back!!! I absolutely loved it!!! The service was the best I have ever had and I have had my fair share of bad customer service and this was, by far, the best I've had. I really don't know what these bad reviews are coming from. I got engaged there (02-14-05) and we're planning to go back for our Honeymoon : )!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a peaceful place We arrived at the Moana Surfrider for only a one day stay. The first room we were given was definitely a smoking room. The room was smelled like you would be sleeping in an ashtry. The other problem was the musty odor, which appeared to be from water damage. The room overlooked the busy street. We insisted on changing to a non-smoking room, the smoke odor was gone but not the musty smell. The lobby of the building is remodeled and beautiful. The rooms leave a lot to be desired. If you like old and historical, and can stand the odor, then this is the place for you. At the end of our stay we were given keys to the hospitality room, which surprisingly didn't have that musty odor that the other rooms possessed.I would definitely recommend getting an oceanview room. The rooms facing the street are loud and busy both day and night. You can hear horns honking and people screaming all day. Beware. We didn't sleep at all there.Another noticeable problem is the lack of service. We wait for over 15 minutes for service at the outside bar area. My husband mentioned it to the bartender, who told the waitress. She looked over and continued to service others around us. We left and went to another hotel to eat. It appeared as if tourists from other countries received better service than American tourist. Only an observation.If you truly love crowded beaches and busy, noisy hotels than you will certainly love this hotel. Good Luck!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous...but expect small rooms! You can't beat the location of this wonderful hotel! My husband and I went for our honeymoon and the location can't be beat!!! Gorgeous banyan tree outside and wonderful beach access...plan to go early to save yourself a lawn chair on the beach though! Wonderful, friendly staff and so hospitable! The rooms are small, but very cute...plenty of room for two! Food was a little pricey, but you receive large portions!I would DEFINITELY stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bental80
<Content>Don't stay here unless you have an ocean view room Beware - if you booked a city view room and are not upgraded, you will not be happy. We stayed for 3 nights in a street-side room and literally didn't get a wink of sleep. The historic part of the hotel is not well insulated, does not have good windows or ventilation, and suffice it to say you can hear everything going on outside, including street-musicians, traffic, cars pulling up in the front driveway, etc. A horrible rest.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great View! Terrible Service Very beautiful hotel, great drinks (try the blue hawaiian). Only drawbacks, the bar service! Lets just say not very hospitable. Watch out about the rooms overlooking the main street, you'll be listening to car stereo's and horns all night. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A first class hotel We stayed at the Surfrider for four nights between Nov 21 and Nov 25, 2004. Our deluxe ocean room was in the Diamond Wing of the hotel. The view was absolutely beautiful - I could not have been happier. The room was very clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The beach is just steps away and the water and is great for swimming, surfing, and all other water activities - some rocks, but overall very nice. The hotel is located on a very busy section which did surprise me a bit. There are many great shops and restaurants within a short walking distance. The dining in the hotel itself is very good as well. We would definitely stay at the Surfrider again! A class act, all the way.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JetSet1
<Content>It couldn't be any more perfect! What a wonderful place! We were at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider from December 2 through December 6. From beginning to end all was perfect at the hotel. Our room was not small at all nor was it large; it was average size. But our view was THE BEST view in the hotel I think. We were only on the 4th floor but the view was still excellent. Imagine waking up in the morning to the sounds of the ocean waves. Then imagine sitting up in your bed, looking out the window and seeing the ocean, a half dozen or so palm trees and a beautiful view of Diamond Head--all at once while you are still sitting up in your bed!! You don't even have to walk to the balcony to see all this! All I can say is wow! If this is what you want request a room in the Tower Wing on the end that is closest to the beach--it's newer. The Banyan Wing and Historic Wing although very charming are, of course, old. I would imagine they are still well-appointed rooms but I can't vouch for that. This Hotel has a lot of history which adds a lot to the experience. The breakfast buffet was alright. They have choices of the typical American breakfast buffet or a Japanese breakfast food buffet. This hotel really caters to Japanese tourists (and there are LOTS of them there) but not overly so at the expense of their English speaking guests. The staff were great! I can't say the same for the Hyatt across the street--I think they are supposed to be bi-lingual Japanese/English but most of the Hyatt staffers I tried to talk with only spoke Japanese and very broken English. I found it difficult to find anyone there who felt comfortable speaking English with me or who even wanted to take the time to give me directions to their spa so I just went back to the Sheraton which turned out great. Our Starwood Preferred Guest membership gave us discounts for food and spa services at all the affilated Sheraton hotels there are at least 3 within a 4 block radius. I recommend the Spa at the Royal Hawaiian Sheraton affiliate (the pink hotel just a 3 minute walk away). The location of the Sheraton Moana was also excellent--next to major upscale shops like Tiffany's, Prada, Gucci, etc. They also have the open air markets just a couple blocks away where you can buy the cheaper goods and Gucci and Prada knockoffs. My only problem--reserve your pool or beach lounge chairs early because they will all be taken by 10:30 am. I also loved that the hotel has a marriage vow renewal program every Saturday night--my husband and I weren't planning to renew our vows on this trip but when we heard of the hotel's program and found out it was free we did it anyway--it was a beautiful ceremony. Oh yes--if you like piano music they have a beautiful white grand piano on the veranda facing the banyan courtyard and beach in with one of the best pianists I've heard perform. Their Hawaiian music, 3-man band is pretty good too. Our Dinner at the Veranda was great but we wanted to branch out. A French restaurant called La Mer at the Halekulani Hotel which is a short hike or short drive away is supposedly the only 5 diamond restaurant in the area--probably a good place to go for a sunset dinner if you don't mind the slightly extra expense and the semi-formal dress code. We really wanted to dine there but had to cancel our reservations to accomodate our spa appointments. Cafe Keo's is about 4 or 5 blocks away from the hotel and is a good place to go for a $3.99 egg, sausage and hash brown breakfast. They serve Thai food for lunch/dinnner. I don't imagine how anyone could be disappointed with their stay at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider (unless you want super modern rooms and get a room in the historic or Banyan wing instead) but even then the service, the location and the views are great!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Perfect We stayed at the beautiful Moana Surfrider from December 6 to 13. Upon our arrival, we were informed that we had been upgraded to an ocean view room on the top floor of the historic Banyan Wing which surpassed our expecations and came as a very pleasant surprise. The room was not huge, but was beautiful - tastefully decorated, superbly clean and big enough to house all our belongings and the extras we bought along the way. The view of Diamond Head and Waikiki beach from our room was stunning - we could not have imagined it to be any prettier had we painted the picture ourselves. The sound of the ocean at night was a lovely way to fall asleep after a busy day. The staff were welcoming and friendly, and made our stay as comfortable and easy as possible. Nothing was ever a problem. Staff booked tours for us, confirmed our flights and gave great advice for things to see and do. One word of advice, join the Starwood Preferred Guest program before you go in order to get great rates, discounted food, and free upgrades. Joining the program will not cost you a cent, but it saved us quite a bit of money. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Broomy57
<Content>Class all the way Yes, as the other reviewers state, the rooms are small. But the service is impecable, the grounds beautiful, and the lobby and rooms tastefully decorated. The banyan tree that shades the main outdoor area is immense and gives it a great feel. It is probably true that rooms facing the street are noisy, but my wife thought to ask for a room either not on the street or high enough up that the noise was not so loud. We were lucky in that the request got us an upgrade to an ocean front room in the historic old building. It was fun and relaxing just to sit in the rocking chairs on the porch out front and watch the world go by. A very relaxing and enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay in Tower Wings and Preferably Ocean Views  Stay there for a night on Nov 26, 2004 and received a PLEASANT SURPRISE..our original reservation was a room in Banyan Wing with City Views(which most of the tripadvisor reviewers complained about) was upgraded to a complimentary ocean view room in Tower Wings that overlooked the ocean and Diamond Head. So, you can just imagine our joys for such wonderful surprise when we stepped into our room!!! Fully agreed that an ocean view room really made one vacation SHINE. Overall, the Sheraton hotels in Waikiki are really not as bad as we read about in tripadvisor because Sheraton is reknown for their services promise which means that if you are unhappy about your stay, let the front desk people know about it and see what they can do for you. We also stayed in Sheraton Princess Kaiulani on Dec 24 to Dec 25 and find that the hotel is actually very nice to stay though the room is rather dainty but clean and not that noisy even though we overlooked the parking structure, maybe because we were on upper floor and the bathroom has a very plain sink but the showerhead and water temperature are in tip top condition and I guess if you are looking to spend more time in a hotel during your stay, choose Sheraton Moana for any of its Tower Wings rather than Banyan Wings. And if you are not spending a lot of time in the hotel, Sheraton P/K is a good choice and Japanese tourists gave the hotel a bustling pace. We didn't stay in Sheraton Waikiki, but I visited the lobby and found that this hotel might not be suitable to people who enjoy solitude...the lobby area just filled with shops and shops and shops that you feel that you are in a shopping mall than a traditional hotel...cater more to tourists than to local or people from the mainland. Anyway, just don't take my words..who knows, you might have good lucks like us and get a complimentary ocean view room from the reservation or front desk agents upon arrival in any of the Sheraton hotels in Waikiki and I Betcha Will Have No Cause To Complain About Yoru Stay.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>calinurse
<Content>Magical!!! My sixth trip to the Waikiki area, including stays at several nearby (even next-door) hotels, but first time staying here. Now am spoiled forever! Can't imagine staying anyhere else, ifovernight at Waikiki. We were there during and right after Thanksgiving, when they first put up Christmas decorations, and it was even more stunning.The Banyan Verandah, with its big old tree lit at night, the music, the breezes, the entrance to the beach, the historical atmosphere...elegant but laid-back casual too. We had Thanksgiving dinner at Halekulani. While that's a gorgeous property, I can't imagine feeling comfortable in their outdoor bar, wearing shorts and a tee shirt. (That may be a plus for some, but not for me.) On the other hand, at Moana Surfrider, it's elegant, charming, but very relaxed--old-world spirit but informal at the same time.There are wonderful little touches that make you smile, e.g. elevators with the floor mats that change three times a day with Good Morning or Good Evening (right now they have a holiday greeting)... Christmas lights on the otuside columns...incredible architectural touches, and the way they so proudly preserve the history and spirit of this place...rocking chairs at the entry way and on the second floor above the columned entrance (our last night there, there was a parade up Kalakaua and that was a great viewing platform)...sunset from the Banyan verandah.We had a partial ocean view in the Tower Wing. The hotel was completely full and very busy, and the reception clerk seemed genuinely regretful that they were unable to upgrade us. All rooms in the Tower Wing have recently been renovated and and are bright clean and lovely, with great amenities and wondefully comfortable beds. The rooms are not large, but do have a refrigerator. Bathrooms have all sorts of goodies, including aloe vera gel, toothbrushes, toothpaste, slippers (which you can take home) and thick bathrobes (which you use, as is commonly done, only for the time you are there). Our room was very quiet, unless we opened the lanai door and heard distant sounds of traffic below on Kalakaua. Next time I'd spring for a guaranteed ocean view room. No moldy smell that some discussed, at least in this newer section of the hotel, but yes, the historical room (a fun place to visit, if you can stand the mildewed aroma) does smell like that--damp and historical, indeed.There was good, friendly and prompt service in all areas, with only a few exceptionsl Server at tea on the verandah was very talkative and helpful til after pouring the tea, then clearly forgot about us to talk to the many guests from her native land. No prob--it left us more time to relax. Then, she looked shocked (perhaps she'd forgot we wre there!) when we asked if we could have just one more tea sandwich (the answer is no). Heck, they give you as much as you like at the Ritz in London!! Also, the receptionist for the Banyan Verandah food area on the day we were there, came across as a bit of a snob as she reminded all entering guests that The Banyan Verandah tea is $25--PER PERSON. Guess they've had some shocked tea-drinkers, but I thought the way it was re-inforced was tacky.The coffee and service downstairs, off the main entryway, at the Honolulu Coffee Compay is fine, and with seats at windows that are great for people watching on the main boulevard.Only other problem is with parking. If you self-park, it is $10/day, which is normal for this area's hotels. But he lot is across the street at the Princess Kaiulani Hotel, and there are NO elevators in it. Another option is to have valet parking which is $15/day. Or, you could just rent a car for a few days--there are car rental places right across the street from the hotelThere are historical tours of the hotel three days a week. I caught the tail end of one and regretted missing it in its entirety. The man who gave it was delightful and full of intersting stories.To sum up, I can't imagine a better place to stay, if in Waikiki. There are many other details in this hotel that you'll enjoy. I loved wandering around the place, taking it all in. If you enjoy the excitement and energy of a wonderful city, the feel of velvet-textured sand and warm water on your feet (beach in front of Moana Surfrider--Outrigger Hotel area has the softest sand and best swimming in Waikiki) and an atmosphere that simply cannot be replicated, try to stay here.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look Elsewhere We were in the Banyan wing, city view. The rooms are cramped and very noisy. I would not stay here again. Try the Marriott or the Hilton.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeds all expectations Our family including 8 adults and 3 children spent 10 nights in the recently renovated Tower wing. We had spectacular views, the rooms were wonderful, the service was excellent and we can hardly wait to do it again. Every staff member was accommodating to us. The front desk staff particularly Paul Paralta (Front Office Manager) and Marie (front desk staff person) were amazing in how they cared for us.We will be back and do it again!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Probe&Drogue
<Content>It depends... More than most hotels, I鈥檇 say whether you should stay at this property or not depends on whether or not you get an ocean-view room. As others have described, the best part of this hotel are the public areas, which anyone may visit. Beyond that, some areas of the hotel are showing their age. It鈥檚 not decrepit, but not four-star either. Add in a 鈥榗ity-view鈥?room, and this hotel would be unremarkable. What makes the ocean-view rooms so nice are their proximity to the water. The view out the sliding door is terrific鈥攋ust palm trees and surfers. As for Waikiki鈥 had not been there before and wanted to see it. It was great for our 3 days there, but I鈥檇 have to say that was plenty of time. We went on to the big island after that. Don鈥檛 recommend planning a whole vacation in Waikiki alone鈥攗nless your seeking the hustle and bustle that goes with it. If you鈥檙e looking for a little solitude, look beyond Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place to stay as a couple or family My husband and I stayed here twice. Once on our own and once with our 4 year old. We loved it. We had a city view room and to be honest it wasn't that noisy. The entertainment at nite kept our 4 year old entertained for hours. She wanted to get up there and hula with everyone else. Rooms were basic (standard rooms), but lets be honest, when you come to Hawaii, hopefully your not spending your time in the room. The pool area was clean and it was great with a child, rather than going down to the beach and having to worry every minute if they have run into the ocean! Throw on some water wings and she was set for hours. The prime rib buffet was unbelievable. We didn't eat most of the day and it was well worth it! The Moana Surfrider is in a great location, great pool area and beach area. We had very friendly staff. I would recommend this property to everyone!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>houbrm
<Content>Room 610 - 2 SINGLE beds We stayed in room 610 of the old part - it had 2 twin beds on a king frame. So you couldn't pull them apart. The bellboy told us this was the smallest room in the house. This place is EXTREMELY noisy - the windows rattle all the time, and you can hear EVERYTHING on your floor. and $18 for a continental breakfast????  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Moana Surfrider! I must say this propery was great! I was upgraded from a city view room to a deluxe oceanview (3516) room. It was beautiful. I had so much space and the staff could not have been better. I would recommend signing up for the Starwood Preferred Program because I am sure that is what got us the upgrade. I also received a bottle of wine for being on my honeymoon! If I would ever go back, I would stay there.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved surfrider My husband and 7 year old son just came from a 10 day trip to Hawaii. We spent the first 3 days at the Sherton then took a seven day cruise around the islands. First of all I would like the thank all of the reviews given on this hotel; it was everything and more!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just to look at the hotel from the outside with all those cold buildings surrounding it looking like something taken from the past!! The minute we stepped into the lobby weeks of tension melted away. Our room was on the 18th floor with a POV in the tower. We had a large beautiful room with a bathroom to die for. The service was the best and my husband and I even renewed our vows. (free service in a group form every Sat) When you sit in the back listening to the music and the waves you wouldn't know there was a world outside of that space. If your don't want the same old thing in a hotel try the Surfrider just don't book directly from hotel; big bucks.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ltgmead
<Content>oasis in the hustle, bustle of waikiki We recently spent 3 days at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider with our 3 children. What a lovely hotel. The front entrance and the banyan courtyard are beautiful. We had 2 adjoining rooms in the Tower Building on the Starwood Preferred floor. They appeared to have been recently renovated and were large, clean and very comfortable. Waikiki and Honolulu are amazingly crowded and busy. The beach is packed. We loved being in the center of everything, but in a slightly quieter more refined atmosphere. I doubt we will ever go back to Honolulu, but I highly recommend the Sheraton Moana Surfrider.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>magical Stayed 9 nights in July 2004.Flower leis greeting on arrival. Out of the madness of Waikiki. Longboarders: a secure place to store your board near the pool. Room in old Banyan wing with ocean view and a small balcony. High ceilings. Mediocre hotel food but dining on the Banyan Veranda overlooking courtyard was lovely . Expensive beachside bar. But the hotel oozes of charm and history. Take the historic tour. A special place.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel - unruly guests My wife and I thought the Sheraton Moana Surfrider was very attractive vacation spot when we stayed there in July, 2004. The architecture was a refreshing departure from the concrete hotels adjacent to it. Our room was clean, well appointed and the meals on the veranda were served by most gracious staff. We were very dismayed, however to find on our first night at the hotel that a unruly group of young men were staying in the next room and were having a very loud party. Much shouting and cursing were clearly heard in our room, which makes me wonder how airtight the rooms were. When I did complain the young men ceased to make a noise and went for a swim instead. After the swim they started up again. When I let the hotel know of my concern in the morning I felt they did not do enough for us to make up for a ruined night's sleep.Other than that one incident we thought the hotel was lovely.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trust a Kama'aina, don't stay there Growing up in Hawaii, we always viewed the Moana as the hotel in Waikiki. After booking two rooms there for two nights for our wedding, we were thoroughly disappointed. Unless you are in the renovated historic wing, the other rooms reminded me of a cheap 70's motel. They gave away one of our rooms (we paid $400+/night for a larger room with two double beds and they gave us a much smaller room with one king) as we were at our wedding rehearsal after being assured by the staff that they would hold it for us. We stayed up until 2 in the morning the night before the wedding trying to find a decent room. We spent our wedding night getting scalded by a shower that went from ice cold to boiling hot in a couple of seconds with a view of the dumpsters. One room also smelled like mildew and the toilet didn't flush. The manager was indifferent to our complaints. Even our wedding photographer was surprised at how bad the rooms were. It really ruined part of our wedding experience. Honest truth from someone who was born and raised in Hawaii - spend less money and stay another hotel. The major attraction of the hotel is the lobby (that anyone can walk through)and the beach (that anyone can use). On their behalf, valet staff was extremely nice and had the aloha spirit I was expecting.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TD60
<Content>A stylish, historic hotel directly on Waikiki Beach. The Hotel: The Moana Surfrider is a historic hotel that's stylishly furnished with koa antiques and traditional Hawaiian decor. My wife and I prefer the Historic Banyon View (oceanfront) rooms in the original 100 year-old building rather than the newer tower rooms. In fact, we liked the oceanfront Banyon View rooms so much that we politely declined an upgrade to a tower room on our second visit. The hotel has a gracious and professional staff, oceanfront restaurants, a stunning lobby, a beautiful courtyard with pool and other enhanced amenities. The hotel is centrally located directly on Waikiki Beach.Dining Recommendations: There are many gourmet restaurants to choose from in Hawaii (we were fortunate enough to live there for several years). On Oahu, we dined at Azul, John Dominis and Roy's to name just a few. But the best restaurant by far is Alan Wong's in Honolulu. Chef Wong's Contemporary Hawaiian Regional Cuisine includes freshly caught local seafood and scrumptious local produce. The 7-course Chef's Tasting Menu is a delightful culinary experience that you will never forget. For casual dining on Oahu, one of our favorite spots was Gordon Biersch on the waterfront at Aloha Tower Marketplace. This brewery restaurant features great beer, food and views of Honolulu harbor. The Sunday brunch buffet at the Moana Surfrider's Banyan Veranda was also very good.Conclusion: Hawaii has so much more to offer than the hustle and bustle of downtown Honolulu and Waikiki. There are many incredible natural wonders, uncrowded beaches, quaint towns and exquisite resorts throughout Hawaii. Whatever you do, don't spend more than a few days of your Hawaiian vacation in Waikiki. Plan to visit some of the other islands and see the real Hawaii, live a little!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Libertygirl37
<Content>Incredible 5 star Beach Front hotel! Wow! This is the word that describes this hotel! Book it and you will experience the best hotel in HI ! We were upgraded 5 levels to an ocean front panoramic view (room 3416). It was breath-taking. We sat on the balcony and watched a wedding below us and saw surfers catch some waves. The hotel is truly jaw-droppiong goregous! A beach front bar a was a favorite spot. The front of the hotel has a large, long porch with a row of white rocking chairs. A great place to view the sites on the strip!. The location is smack in the middle of the strip within walking distance to just about everything! I wouldn't book a car next time for this very reason. If I wanted to drive around the island I would just rent a car for the day. Expect to pay an additional $15 a day for valet parking (or $10 a day for self parking). This is the best hotel I have ever stayed at....loved everything about it! The staff was friendly and helpful. You will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>khaney50
<Content>Way to Go 'Old Lady' My wife and I spent 3 days and 2 nights at the Moana Surfrider celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary prior to going to Sheaton Maui for 6 days and 5 nights. It was our first trip to Hawaii/Honolulu and would definitely suggest you stay at the Moana if you going to Honolulu. We stayed in the Banyon section with a view of the couryard and beach. The Banyon section is part of the original hotel and reminds me of the older sections in both the Westin St. Francis-San Francisco and the Westin Essex House- New York.(both good choices on previous trips) I would suggest that you become a member of Starwood Prefered Guest (SPG) -no charge. It will give you an upgrade at check-in based upon availability. There is nothing like enjoying a cocktail in the courtyard listening to the nightly entertainment. The staff was extrememly friendly during our stay. I would suggest that you also go to the Royal Hawaiian(Sheraton) and go to the Sheraton Waikiki and ride the glass elevator to their 30th floor resturant at sunset to eat or have a cocktail and enjoy the view of Diamond Head. which are both accessable via the beach. I doubt that we will ever return to Honolulu, but for anyone who has never traveled to 50th state, spend a couple days in the Moana prior to going to Maui.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>subtropical_ken
<Content>Lucky at the last minute My wife and I needed a place to stay for our last night in Honolulu after a convention and walked in not expecting much and were able to reserve a standard room. I was expecting the worst (room on the street, etc.) after reading one tripadvisor review at the convention. We were overjoyed to get a room overlooking the banyon tree and a little of the ocean to the southwest. The room was very nice as was the bathroom though some may think it small. Terricloth bathrobes come with the room - nice touch. With the exception of a female bartender by the pool, the staff were very friendly and helpful. The place has a lot of charm and atmosphere. Though we have no desire to return to Honolulu, we would highly recommend it for those wishing to stay in the heart of Waikiki. We'd stay there again if need be.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moana Surfrider is ELEGANT We just returned from 12 days in the Hawaiian islands and stayed our first day (before sailing on a cruise ship) at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. What a beautiful hotel. The staff was friendly andso helpful. The room was beautiful. At night, there was a renewing vows ceremony out on the plaza which was a lot of fun to watch. Across the street is a shopping market place where we purchased all of our souvenires. Everything was within walking distance of the hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to experience the Waikii hustle and bustle.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhsen814
<Content>Moana Surfrider continues in the 'Grand Hotel' style. This Grand old hotel sparkled with personal service, a great room with Lanai, incredible view (banyan tree and ocean) during our three days in late May. My wife (the coffee addict), found the best coffee in her life, while I sat on the rocking chair watching the world walk by. We laughingly said the Moana was right next to Nirvanna. Upon hearing we were an anniversary couple, the night manager arranged for chocolate dipped strawberries and champagne to be in our room upon arrival. What a special treat. Next time in Honolulu (whenever that will be), we KNOW where we'll stay.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Grandam of Honolulu lives on! The Sheraton Moana Surfrider is a genteel oasis of tranquility, wedged amidst the nondescript, humdrum human concrete filing cabinets strung along Waikiki's shoreline. Saavy architects successfully blended the old with the new, the latter being a modern 21 story tower. The hotel has been recently refurbished and renovated, top to bottom, and though the tower rooms are tastefully decorated with comfortable furnishings, and tend to be larger, and offer ocean view lanai, the rooms in the older sections of the hotel are far superior in terms of ambience and refined elegance. The staff caters to your every wish without being overbearing, and genuinely strive to share the aloha spirit and assure you of a flawless and memorable stay. Online discounts are available for all room categories, but you should pay a bit more and avoid the noisy city view rooms. Remember, this historic hotel was built when Waikiki was still a calm, relaxing paradise.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moana is the best! What can you say about the First Lady of Waikiki! The Moana is by far one of my top picks of hotels! It has such charm and class. Why anyone would want to stay in a square building is beyond me? This hotel has so much history and elegance. The rooms in the historic tower are a bit. Ask for a Bayan room as the view is awesome. Imagine sitting in your room and listening to classic Hawaiian music and the sound of the waves crashing on the beach. The rooms in the tower are nice and a little larger in size. Select these rooms only if you expect more than two people in your room. The Mai Tais at the Beach Bar are the best! Outstanding service!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Stayed here for a week in March. Was a little apprehensive after reading some of the negative reviews on here, but needn't have worried! Had a small-medium sized (by U.S. standards) room in the 'Historic Banyan Wing' (read - original hotel building, rather than the newer, characterless towers), overlooking the central courtyard which fronts the beach. The ambience was just great - the hotel just oozes character which most other hotels in Waikiki completely lack. The room was blissfully quiet - we woke each morning to the sound of birdsong and crashing waves. I can understand how rooms facing the road would get some noise, so avoid these if you're bothered by this. The Raffles comparison quoted by soimeone earlier is not far wide of the mark! We visited a number of hotels in Waikiki during our stay, but this one is far and away the best! If anyone has any queries please feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice...terrific location~ We had a four night stay at the Surfrider on May 13, and found it to be a great hotel with an even better location.We stayed in a tower room on the 12th floor, which was listed as a Partial Ocean View. I would probably call it an Outrigger View as all you can see from the room is the Outrigger Hotel next door. It's amazing how close you are. It seems like I could actually hold a conversation with their guests from my balcony. Yes, you could see the ocean if you walked to the edge of my balcony, and looked left. A very small part of the ocean though.The room was recently renovated, and quite large for Waikiki standards. All of the modern upgrades, and done with alot of class. No complaints at all about the room, street noise, etc. If you want to see the ocean, spend the bucks, and get an oceanfront.The common areas of the hotel were quite nice as well. The location is great, right in front of all that Waikiki offers.Although I prefer the Hilton Hawaiian Village, the location here is much better.  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed I have stayed at the Moana Surfrider many times. In March 2004 I was again a guest. The first room they put me in was filthy. The second room was so noisy you couldn't sleep for street noise and there were stains on the carpet--very poor service.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top class establishment with a fantastic Concierge!! THE FAMOUS SINGAPORE RAFFLES COMES TO WAIKIKI.I stay in hotel rooms about 3 months of the year and it is not often I am able to checkout feeling I should have paid more. Not sure what some whingers reviewing this hotel are talking about when they complain about the Surfrider - a hotel with the same character and class as the Raffles of Singapore.Please understand if you book an original room in the old part of the hotel it will be small but with an elegant antique nostalgic ambience. HOWEVER, if you want a large modern room with splendid ocean and coastal views book a room in the Tower. I booked into the tower and the room was fantastic - the whole Tower has been renovated in the last 2 months and oozes of class.Together with the staff(great concierge!!), fabulous seafood buffet and the amazing beach area, the Moana Surfrider is far and away the best hotel on Waikiki.Stay there and be impressed!!  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't Stay Again I would not recommend this hotel. Dirty, lots of noise from street, small rooms (but mayget upgraded if you ask), run down, smelly.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Hotel Stayed here March of 2004. Overall, a beautiful hotel. The rooms are not that small, like some reviewers say, but they are deffinately over-priced (like most hotels is Hawaii). Also on the downside was street noise--delievery and garbage trucks in the morning, cars, bagpipe-playing street performers, etc. Get a room away from the street! The staff was mostly friendly, except one of the managers. We left a money belt in our room when we left to catch a flight, and the staff was helpful in locating it. One of the managers, however, was downright rude when we were trying to figure out (in a panic, it had the plane tickets) how we could be reunited with it at the airport. I would probably stay somewhere else on the off chance I return to Waikiki.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant hotel During the ride from the airport, our driver told us that we would be staying in a really fine hotel-we were certainly not disappointed! The Surfrider is very elegant and comfortable. We enjoyed being close to the action of Waikiki but found true relaxation in the courtyard and on the beach.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>090909
<Content>Surfrider for Surfing, Shopping and Sun Stayed at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider the first week of April 2004. The hotel itself is an historic jewel amidst the hustle and bustle of busy Honolulu. The good: located at the premier beach location on Waikiki; beautifully restored property; the Banyan tree in the center of the hotel; great surfing on Waikiki (especially for beginners); relaxing evening music under the Banyan tree every night. The bad: very small rooms; harsh flourescent lights in the rooms; constant noise from the city side; our room was always hot and stuffy even though we had the A/C cranked at the max (65 F) - it never reached under 75 F in the room; very long wait to check in (20 minutes).I would recommend the Surfrider as long as you understand that the hotel is located smack dab in the middle of a busy city. If you want to avoid crowds or a lot of people and noise, skip Waikiki alltogether. Otherwise, come to the Surfrider to enjoy a fun visit to Honolulu that also happens to have a great beach.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Moana Surfrider - I'll be back! In October 2002, we spent our honeymoon at the Moana. When we got picked up at the airport by our transfer ride they said we were staying at the best hotel in Waikiki. We were thinking yeah right, I bet they say that to everyone. When the pulled up outside this fantastic looking hotel we couldn't believe it. It was exceptional! Total High Class. I felt I was in a movie. We had booked our honeymoon with Virgin and on arrival at the hotel we were upgraded from City View to a Historic banyan Room with views of the Banyan Tree and Partial Ocean. We never even asked. How fantastic is that! The staff were great and our room was lovely. We were barely in the room 5 minutes and someone arrived with complimentary champagne and chocolates for the honeymooners. The pool was lovely, not as big as I'd hoped but as it wasn't that busy we didn't mind. The beach is everything you have ever dreamed about for a Hawaiian beach and seeing Diamondhead in the background you really know you have arrived in paradise. If you've been there before you'll know that there is a lift in the historic building from the middle of the main lobby. We would hit the button to get the lift down each morning and peer out of the window at the sides looking at the beach while we waited. Sad but true. We had to pinch ourselves it was so unbelievably beautiful.We dined in the hotel only twice when we were there. Once for lunch and had the sunset dinner on our last night. It was lovely and the waitress was great helping us select dinner and cocktails. There are so many other great restuarants in Waikiki ... you'll be spoiled.We bought some Moana pictures from the gallery in the hotel which are proudly displayed in our home. Talking about shopping that was something else that blew me away. Most hotels have a tacky gift shop......the Moana has a Tiffanys...!! I don't think any other hotel I'll visit will ever compare to the Moana. If you are planning your holiday and thinking about the Moana, go ahead and book it. I hope you enjoy it every bit as much as we did.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, get a room on a higher floor We just stayed here from 4/1-4/7/04. Very nice lobby. I would definitely recommend the brunch in their Banyan Veranda restaurant. Pricey at $39pp, but the food was excellent and you can't beat the having brunch on the beach. Room service was excellent and I never had to lift a finger for anything else. This hotel paid excellent attention to every need you had. We has a larger city view room on the 4th floor of the main building. The room was very spacious (except the bathroom). Their king size bed was very comfortable, though! The only drawback is that city view rooms do not drown out the tremendous street/people noise through about midnight. In addition, the garbage trucks and other street vehicles wake you up every morning at 6:30. So, with that said, make sure you get a room on a higher floor.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great stay in Waikiki This hotel is all it claims to be. We stayed here for 6 nights in February 2004. It was a fantastic place to stay. The location, right on Waikiki Beach is perfect. We stayed in The Banyan Wing and I agree with other reviewers, the rooms are tiny but the rooms are tastefully decorated in a style appropriate to the hotel. It had all of the amentities I would expect of a hotel of this standard. The music from the Banyan Courtyard did come into the room every night, but I thought that was an added attraction! The staff were all very friendly and helpful and went out of their way to make the stay enjoyable.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Place to Stay Great Place to Stay! This hotel is a wonderful place to stay. It is right in the heart of Waikiki and everything is w/in walking distance. The hotel is charming, and the rooms are nicely decorated - however, be prepared that they are rather small. Also, I found ours to be a bit noisy w/ all the people and traffic out on the street, but this is probably just part of staying right in the middle of the city. The beach is great - clear water and a great place for people-watching. The Banyan Veranda restaurant is also delicious, and there is nightly entertainment under the Banyan Tree. We had a lovely experience with the Sheraton, but if you are looking for something a little more upscale, the Halekulani down the street was a lot quieter and a very beautiful hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jilliantraveler
<Content>Nice Stay We just had a one night stay as we were planning on traveling to Maui the next day, but our recent experience was pretty good. The resort is located in an absolute fantastic part of Waikiki. Close to just about everything and right on the beach. It is so pretty, and the rockers on the front poach are just perfect. Inside the main lobby, it's beautiful and you can almost feel the history. The staff was very friendly and welcoming to us tiered travelers. They gave us a complimentary upgrade without us asking to a beach front room in the tower. The room itself was certainly on the small side. Yes, it did show it's age, but in all honestly, not terribly. The sun shade on the sliding glass door out to lanai was cracked and peeling and I this more than anything gave the room an old feel. The bathroom had an awkward shelf over the sink which made it awkward to bend over and wash your face or brush your teeth. The back patio was beautiful; the pool was a nice size for Waikiki. We walked down to the Royal Hawaiian to hit the Mai Tai bar and were pleased again with our central location. In the morning we found ourselves close to many breakfast and coffee options. Overall out stay in the historic hotel was good. Since the rooms were small and a bit old I am reluctant to give it a 5 *, but I can't imagine you would be upset with a stay here. Nice.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved the Sheraton Moana Surfrider I just stayed at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider for a week. I have stayed there many times before and love it! The staff was very pleasant, from the housekeeper, to the bellman. The Veranda Banyan Restaurant was very first class and the food was surperb. I ate the breakfast buffet in the Cafe everyday....and it was excellent!! Staff was very nice and helpful. I love it there....and can't wait to return. My room was delightful and nicely situated with a limited view. I love the lobby area, with all the orchids and fabulous furniture. I can't say enough about this hotel.....it's well worth it!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moana Surfrider #1 in my book! My wife and I and our adult son stayed at the Moana Surfrider for a week during Dec 2003. What a lovely place indeed! We had an oceanfront room in the Diamond Wing. The room was good-size with very nice appointments. During the night and morning the gentle sound of the surf was hypnotic. Drinking coffee on the balcony during the sunrise was most invigorating. A few times we had breakfast and dinner at the buffet/sitdown restaurant. It was fantastic. We never did try the fine-dining restaurant in the Banyon Court. Next time we will.The employees of the hotel were very friendly and helpful. The location can't be beat. The beach is wonderful. We will stay here again next December. Feel free to email me questions about the Moana Surfrider if you care too.Cobb  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 star hotel! The Moana Surfrider is a beautiful hotel, and it has a very nice beachfront where you can reserve chairs and an umbrella. The banyon courtyard is nice and the lobby is pretty with lots of comfortable seating. Our room was beautiful, but we faced the city and groups of rowdy teenagers and rap blasting cruisers made noise until midnight so we ran the AC full blast just to drown them out. My only real problem besides the street noise is the lack of a decent restaurant on the property. There is just a coffee shop and a dinner buffet. In all the definitions of 5 star Hotels I have read, there is supposed to be fine dining on the premises. There is really nowhere decent to eat in that area witnessed by the 1.5 hour wait at the stupid Cheesecake Factory in the Royal Hawaiian. We walked our feet off trying to find a decent restaurant and finally drove to Alan Wongs pineapple room, which was pretty good.All in all a nice place to stay, but I wouldn't rate it 5 stars.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated - would not recommend I booked a two night stay here through Priceline on the front end of a long Hawaii stay just to try it out for future family trips, etc. I am glad I did the test drive. Yes the building, lobby, and Banyon Court are beautiful. But do yourself a favor and stop by here for drinks to enjoy the postive side of this resort and stay somewhere with functional rooms. They are laughably small. There is no soundproofing whatsoever. One of my neighbors had a cough I got to enjoy all night long. You hear everything in the hall. My room overlooked the Banyon Court, so you hear the entertainment until 10:30 and the laughing and talking for some time after. This is a charming place to look at and to have a drink enjoying the beach view, but I would never stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Four Star Tribute A four star rating just doesn't cover it all. This hotel deserves all the 4 stars plus many more. We stayed at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider this February 3rd and enjoyed every minute we stayed. The staff was incredibly helpful, always smiling, always offering to be of assistance. The room was impeccable, the view was gorgeous. This hotel was kept impeccably clean, the decorations were unique to the style of this grand hotel. I really enjoyed sitting and relaxing on the rockers on the front porch. There was some renovating being done at the time we were there but were never bothered by any noise or distractions at any time. This hotel is a must see, must stay, will stay again the next time we visit. Thank you all so much for the great memories. Dale and Cathy Forsea  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>go to maui We were staying at the Surfrider for a conference and were placed in the newer part of the hotel. Very plain room - nothing special and somewhat worn looking. The bar and beach area are beautiful, but Waikiki is so busy. Way too many people, everywhere and at all times of the day. The beaches are crazy and there are more t-shirt stands and jewerly stands than one could imagine. We just spent 3 days in Maui and then came here - what a difference. Take the 20 minute hopper plane to Maui and you will never go anywhere else.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rusty98tj
<Content>Tiny, tiny, room! I had the same problem here that other reviewers have noted: the room was TINY! I thought maybe we just got shafted, but apparently not. I actually laughed out loud at how small our room was (barely enough room to walk around the outside of the bed). With two people and luggage for a 10 day trip, the room was claustrophobic.Hotel service was adequate, but the breakfasts (buffet  sit-down) were below average.I wouldn't recommend this hotel (esp. for a honeymoon) and I won't be staying here again if I find myself back in Oahu. Mahalo!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok Resort Overall execellent service but one should expect that from a 4 plus star rated resort . I booked the hotel through Hotwire for $130 a night and got 2 upgrades from a Standard room.The room I got was in the Banyan wing overlooking the street.The standard price for this room is $270 so not a bad deal. All in all not a bad place to be but very noisy especially in the early morning with delievery trucks beeping as they back up-so if your a light sleeper keep that in mind. All in all this hotel is a charming place but I would not recommend it if you had to pay the full posted rates. Late in the day and through the night prostitutes gather across the street from the hotel at the Dunkin Donuts-kinda interesting to watch but definently not a family atmosphere. Go one block away and you cant even walk around without being propositioned by dozens of prostitutes who look like they are on crack. Waikiki in general is a dump.The ocean water is somewat murky and the beach small and overcrowded. For the price I paid I could have went to An all Inclusive resort in Cancun and been at better beaches and had similar weather. Also the open practice of charging more for some things for non-locals is irritating. If you happen to look local your chances of getting upgrade are enhanched-I myself had a local friend negotiate my upgrades.Maybe people in San Francisco and New York should start charging more to tourists with Hawaiian ID cards -see if they like it.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprisingly great!! What a fantastic hotel!! My husband and I had a 2 day stop here on our way back from the Cook Islands. The location was great. Service was by far some of the best I'd had in a long long time. My husband and I were stunned at how great this place was.We had one of the banyan rooms that had a fantastic view of Waikiki. Amenities were great. The pool side bar is convenient and the staff is accomodating, nice and friendly. We never dined at any of the restaurants, but not intentionally. There's just soooo many restaurants on Waikiki.We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Gem of Waikiki Great hotel with some of the best amenities Waikiki hotels can offer.(such as private beach area-small but very rare in Waikiki area...) Situated on the best stretch of Waikiki with great view. Dispite its big resort size, this hotel truly has charming charactor unlike anyother hotel chains in Honolulu. Rooms in Banyan wings are smaller due to its history, but has a lot more charactor. Service at this hotel was superb. we were greeted like their family. Just ask, they're more than happy to serve your needs. I was amazed by this hotel's level of detail and servicemanship. I will definetly stay here again and again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SirLunchAlot
<Content>Nice place but don't book it through Priceline; Stuffy !! Great beachfront location compared to other resorts on same road. But, if you show up having booked via Priceline be prepared to be shunned! They absolutely do not give a thought to your requests! The rooms are well appointed with above average bathrooms and nice furniture, but tiny for Priceline booked rooms; our room was so small I couldn't bear to open out large suitcase or get my laptop out. The Marriott down the street has much larger rooms and better customer service. In fact the Marriot Waikiki's room had an office area (desk, PC and addt'l Lanai) that was as big as the Surfriders whole room and yes, via Priceline. Also, our room was on the street view and very noisy at night with partiers and at about 5:40 am, you will be awakened for sure by the delivery trucks that all show up same time for the 20-30 adjacent businesses with there abnoxious backup beepers for two hours straight!!!! This is no joke; I travel for a living (100 days per year) and have never heard so much noise from a 4 star rated room! Go to the Marriott and walk 30 more feet to the beach (across the street) for a 20-40% savings and a bigger room and possible upgrade.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moana a beautiful hotel dwarfed by big city My husband and I stayed at the Surfrider for our honeymoon in Nov of 2003. First of all: BEST MAITAI EVER is at the Surfrider!!!! Secondly, the live entertainment every night, complete with hula dancer is supurb and FREE!!! The rooms themselves are VERY SMALL. I wish I could say they were quaint but they are just really small. This is true in the historic wing (one could argue that all hotel rooms built in 1901 are small) , and in the new diamond wing...the rooms are teensy there as well. We did recieve excellent service, and went from a city view room with a queen size bed, to a delxe ocean view room with a king for free because of our honeymoon and did recieve excellent bonuses like champange in our room. The rooms are nice, just very small. Don't take a family here. That is the other thing: the walls and the celings are also very thin. Of course, our expierence was tainted by the kid above us who ran around the room all night, to the point where the lights shook. We called the front desk, nothing happened. We also heard the arguments of the couple next door, so if privacy is what you are looking for, you may want to opt for a newer hotel. Regardless, stop by and rock a while in the fabously rocking chairs all over the grounds. They are wonderful sunset viewing perches!!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will only stay at the Moana Surfrider when we return This is a classic Waikiki hotel with a great deal of charm and luxury. The staff was extremely professional and courteous and bent over backwards to accommodate our requests. We originally booked a partial ocean view to save money. When we saw our room, we were not pleased. We were on the third floor looking over the roof - hardly any view of the ocean at all. This was not what we had in mind for our Waikiki vacation. We went to the front desk and requested an upgrade. Even though the hotel was fully sold out, they managed to put us into a full ocean view room for 4 nights. My recommendation - spring for the extra money - the full ocean view is well worth it!The beach is too small, but what beach isn't in Waikiki. The location, however, can't be beat. We bought air mattresses and paddled out in the ocean forever and the water never got rough (this was summer). My daughter took surfing lessons on the spot, which was very convenient.If I had one complaint, it was the quality of the fruit served for breakfast. It was supermarket quality. The pineapples tasted nothing like the delicious pineapples we had in Kauai the week before. Despite the marginal fruit, I will still give this hotel high marks.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't be staying here again The hotel is nice but for what we paid here we got much more room and better service at other resorts. The location is good if you want to be in the middle of all the activity of Honolulu. If you want a quiet, relaxing vacation I would recommend you visit the other islands. The room was small and the bathroom even smaller. Very little room to store clothes if you are staying awhile. The room was clean and the service from the staff was so-so. I don't plan on ever vacationing in Honolulu again but if I do I would also stay somewhere else. Just not worth the price.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dickson_thunder
<Content>Loved the Location Absolutely the best location on Waikiki Beach. The grounds and lobby area were awesome. We stayed in the Diamond Wing (City View) and the room was nice but just a little bit of disappointment compared to the rest of the hotel.Overall, still a great experience!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Moana   showReview(1385397, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the world's best- in its own gracious way   showReview(1381480, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimrim
<Content>Location, Location, Location!   showReview(1372145, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVE OAHU    showReview(1344152, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel in the Middle of a Mess   showReview(1274183, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>samprice11
<Content>Good hotel, poor sea view   showReview(1118944, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVE IT!   showReview(1102527, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay in the old wing   showReview(986260, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>quite lovely, it is   showReview(932109, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AluFamily
<Content>Best Hotel Experience Ever!   showReview(906629, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kitayuka
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉庛儠銈°兗銈广儓銉儑銈ｃ兗   showReview(23371249, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>eikousan
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併倰鐙倞鍗犮倎       銉┿儕銈ゃ亱銈夈仚銇愭捣  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sthsieh
<Content>鎬濄亜鍑?#x201d;   showReview(23230626, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bubu52
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併伀闈仐銇︺亜銇俱仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(23052664, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kiiit777
<Content>銉椼儊銉汇儫銉ャ兗銈搞偄銉?#x201d;   showReview(22989564, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂銈傝壇銇勩仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(22292205, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇犮仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(22855933, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kanpari
<Content>銉儞銉笺亴鑹亜闆板洸姘椼仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(21419101, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>锛帮細锛?> 锛帮細锛?</a> </div>
<Content>銉┿兂銉併亴绱犳暤   showReview(21413652, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>chrisgate5te
<Content>鎲с倢銇儚銉偆   showReview(21280823, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>銇嶃仧銇樸亙
<Content>Good!   showReview(21189681, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞妤姐仐銇勩儚銉偆   showReview(21745179, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銇倕銈?> 銇倕銈?</a> </div>
<Content>绔嬪湴銆€闆板洸姘楁姕缇?#x201d;   showReview(20998517, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎸欏紡锛嗐儚銉嶃儬銉笺兂   showReview(21744998, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jasmine1118
<Content>銉愩儖銉ゃ兂銈︺偅銉炽偘銇仚銇欍倎   showReview(20923385, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>銈淬兂2
<Content>鐧姐亜寤虹墿銇亴銉撱兗銉併仺銉炪儍銉併仐銇︺亶銈屻亜   showReview(20657002, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>灏忋仌銇墷妞嶃亪
<Content>銉戙兗銈枫儯銉偑銉笺偡銉ｃ兂銉撱儱銉笺伅浠娿亜銇?#x201d;       銉樸儢銉炽儶銉笺儥銉冦儔  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>銇裤仯銇°們銈?905
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉娿兗銇偑銈广偣銉?#x201d;       姝ｉ潰鐜勯枹銆傚ぇ銇嶃亸銇︽挳銈娿亶銈屻仾銇嬨仯銇熴兓銉汇兓銆?/a>  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銈点兗銉曘儵銈ゃ儉銉?> 銈点兗銉曘儵銈ゃ儉銉?</a> </div>
<Content>鎬濄亜鍑恒伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20585626, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>11鏈堜笅鏃伄瀹挎硦銈傘仾銇嬨仾銇嬨亜銇勩仹銇欍倛銆?#x201d;   showReview(21744354, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屻倛銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(20753670, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>proko
<Content>銇曘仚銇屸€濄伄銈炽兂銈汇儷銈搞儱   showReview(20446634, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂Й妲樻皸鍒嗐倰婧€鍠?#x201d;   showReview(20753056, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>akebi
<Content>鎬濄亜鍑恒伄銉偄銉?#x201d;   showReview(20015849, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇岃€佽垪锛?#x201d;   showReview(20752834, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧戒簻銇泊濠︿汉銉偄銉娿偟銉笺儠銉┿偆銉€銉?#x201d;   showReview(20752601, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maplecnd
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄绔嬪湴   showReview(19692238, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩仱銇嬨伅銆屻儮銈儕銈点兗銉曘儵銈ゃ儉銉笺€?#x201d;   showReview(20752479, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙ゃ亜瑭便仹銇欍亴銆傘€傘€?#x201d;   showReview(19915449, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel quasiment parfait et 脿 taille humaine   showReview(19642767, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>satokumi
<Content>鐩伄鍓嶃伀銉€銈ゃ儰銉兂銉夈儤銉冦儔       閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇満銈?/a>  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>钀屻仭銈冦倱
<Content>姝村彶銈掓劅銇樸倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;       銈广儐銈?/a>  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈︺偋銉囥偅銉炽偘锛嗐儚銉嶃儬銉笺兂   showReview(19172964, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇泊濠︿汉   showReview(19172370, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儙銉儷銇с伄鎷犵偣銇究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19172259, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇х逗楹?#x201d;   showReview(19172254, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19171538, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂嫥銈併儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19171116, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姝村彶銇傘倠銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧   showReview(19170852, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈淬兗銈搞儯銈广倰姹傘倎銈嬨仾銈夈儮銈儕銈点兗銉曘儵銈ゃ儉銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170649, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ仺銇勩亪銇般兓銉汇兓   showReview(19170362, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫伀銇嬨亱銈嬭櫣鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19169564, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寮熴伄绲愬寮忋仹鈥?#x201d;   showReview(19169506, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寰撴キ鍝°亴...   showReview(19169480, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒炽仹銇椼仧   showReview(19169172, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞鑹亱銇ｃ仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19169134, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎸欏紡   showReview(19168897, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ偄銉炽偔銉儓   showReview(19168209, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏉′欢浠樸亰濂ㄣ倎銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19166513, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴峰鎸欏紡銇曘倢銈嬫柟銆併亰銇欍仚銈併仹銇欙紒   showReview(19165351, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩仱銇枔銇紵   showReview(19165273, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儖銉ゃ兂銉勩儶銉笺伄涓嬨仹   showReview(19165261, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kiwiParis
<Content>super hotel   showReview(8687165, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傞洶鍥叉皸銇亜銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19163786, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19163312, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Olja65
<Content>Die beste Wahl in Honolulu   showReview(8446314, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩仱銈傜礌鏁点仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19162257, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濡广仺   showReview(19162166, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銇у娉娿€?#x201d;   showReview(19162057, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊OK   showReview(19162054, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銇с亰鍑鸿繋銇堬紒   showReview(19160350, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戝洖鐩伄鏃呰鏅傘伀銆侀洶...   showReview(21801445, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇壇銇嬨仯銇熴伄銇с仚銇屻兓銉汇兓   showReview(19157360, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儍銈兗   showReview(19156882, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈傘亞銇°倗銇ｃ仺銈点兗銉撱偣銇壇銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇犮仺鎬濄仯銇︺亜銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19156168, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇犮亼鈥?#x201d;   showReview(19156063, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏄ㄥ勾銉愩儖銉ゃ兂銉欍儵銉炽儉...   showReview(19928431, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏勩伄绲愬寮忋仹琛屻仯銇︺亶...   showReview(19928188, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙兂銉曘儸銉冦儓銈勫啓鐪熴仹...   showReview(19927611, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姝村彶銇亗銈嬨儧銉嗐儷銇犮仺...   showReview(19927418, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儖銉ゃ兂锛堬紵銆佺⒑銇嬨儛...   showReview(19927287, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱倠銇х櫧浜溿伄娲嬮え銇倛...   showReview(19926926, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儖銉ゃ兂銉欍儵銉炽儉銇偒...   showReview(19925780, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鈼忋偟銉笺儞銈广亴銈堛亜銆傛棩...   showReview(19925338, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈裤儻銉笺偊銈ｃ兂銈般伄锛戯紬...   showReview(19925208, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊嬩汉鏃呰銇с€併偣銈裤兗銈?..   showReview(19924090, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傘亱銈忋亜銇勩儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19923567, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儶銈广優銈广伄椋俱倞銇ゃ亼...   showReview(19923282, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈夊悕銇儧銉嗐儷銇犮仯銇熴伄...   showReview(19922579, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姝村彶銇亗銈嬨儧銉嗐儷銇ㄨ仦...   showReview(19922135, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伀鍒扮潃銇欍倠銇ㄧ瑧...   showReview(19921236, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩偣銉兗銉犮伄銈儭銉嬨儐...   showReview(19921130, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€鍘诲勾銆佹瘝銇ㄦ梾琛屻伀琛?..   showReview(19920818, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶅洖銇柊濠氭梾琛屼互鏉ワ紥...   showReview(19920540, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傞洶鍥叉皸銇岀埥銈勩亱...   showReview(19919001, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶栬Τ銇嬨倝銇椼仸鎬濄倧銇氬啓...   showReview(19918527, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣撻〒璜囥仹銈傜嫮銇忋仸鏈夊悕...   showReview(19918127, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶栬Τ銇仌銇欍亴銇ⅷ鏍?..   showReview(19918016, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂銇伆銇ｃ仭...   showReview(19917537, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儖銈兂銈︺偅銉炽偘銇偑...   showReview(19917517, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儖銉ゃ兂銈︺偆銉炽偘銇儎...   showReview(19916117, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戞硦銇犮亼銇犮仯銇熴伄銇с仚...   showReview(19916078, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

