<Author>kueric09
<Content>Excellent I will say the $26 valet charge is annoying, especially since they don't mention it at all on their website and it is mandatory.But its Bevery Hills/LA - what do you expect?Other than that I loved the hotel. They upgraded us to a jacuzzi suite and it was a spectacular jacuzzi, very deep. The bed was a little on the hard side for my liking but I feel like luxury hotels these days go either too hard or too fluffy can't complain when comparing to the competition. Our view was great! We could see downtown LA, Hollywood (and the sign), the hills, etc. Service was wonderful (although I feel like I could have used a little more form the front desk suggestions).  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>brianna93101
<Content>Think again Hello, I wanted to express my dissatisfaction for our stay at your hotel over the weekend. We found that the lack of room service was horrible. I ordered the deli plate, since that was the only food besides cheese on your menu, the turkey was rotten. For $21.00, that is definitely something to talk about when recommending to friends. We also were surprised about the implied Valet charge. No where on the web site or when I spoke with someone at your hotel regarding the reservation did anyone tell me that there is a $26.00 Valet charge and it is mandatory. In addition to all of those items being below average quality, today when I checked my credit card, there is a pre-authorization for the wrong amount on my card. I have already called and spoke with John in the accounting department. He has been the most helpful and informative. He is going to take care of this for me. I will say that we were there due to a holiday party that we were invited to; I will make sure to tell the business that arranged it so that they never book with your hotel again. I would suggest expanding your room service menu, OFFERING Valet - not mandatory, and post a notice for the procedures for credit/debit card transactions in your lobby for your future guests. These are basic ways to increase your customer satisfaction.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>GrandCaymanElizabeth
<Content>IWe live in the Cayman Islands  We booked online having requested a list of 4* hotels in Beverly Hills or Santa Monica. We do not think it is 4*.On arrival we were a bit disapointed by the dirty carpets and the old, rather tired room, also by the lack of a restaurant. However, the staff were friendly and helpful and the location was good.I do not think we would stay again because the breakfast was poor and we would have really liked to have been able to have room service. Beds v comfortable.We did not hire a car because of the $26 per night parking charge but there were always taxi's available which were good, if slow ,due to demonstrations in progress!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>anniej23
<Content>Nice Hotel I stayed at The Tower for six nights in September 08. The staff were very friendly and helpful although as has already been said numerous times, the decor is a little bit dated. There is a supermarket across the road and restaurants in the local area. It's about a 20-30 minute walk to the Rodeo Drive shopping district but about $25-30 in a taxi to Hollywood.Overall, I've stay in far worse places than this so I would recommend it to those who want to stay in the Beverly Hills area.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Empress229
<Content>The pretty hotel time forgot This is like the hotel time forgot. It is very pretty in a Beverly Hills way -- lots of pink and gold. The staff was great. But it feels like people used to stay here, and the hotel never modernized to this century. For example, you have to use valet parking, although there is plenty of parking. It is $26 a day plus tips. Our car was parked 10 feet from us and we had to have the valet move it to us.Also, there is no restaurant or room service. There isn't even a soda machine, so you have to go to the bar and pay $3 plus tip for a soda.The movies on tv are expensive and you cannot pause them. Everything is antiquated, but looks nice.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>Raquel_08
<Content>pleasant stay at the tower beverly hills stayed in the tower beverly hills for two nights as we found a very competitive rate on the internet for this 4 star, very well located hotel. fortunately we were travelling with a car so we didn麓t have any issues with regards to public transportation. the hotel is slightly aged but this is hardly noticeable. its a clean and well kept hotel. the pool area is rather small though and the chairs  beds there clearly have seen better days. when we arrived at around 2pm they didnt have our room available but offered an upgrade for about 30$/ night. our friends ended up taking the upgrade but it seemed as if they got the same class of room as we did in the end.the hotel room we had was spacious with a kingsize bed, a small seating area and a nice balcony with a great view. the staff at the fornt desk was very friendly and accommodated all our needs. they recommended us a very nice bar in the area for example and helped us plan out tour around la. the bar staff was slightly rude though when we tried to order a drink slightly before their closing hour. they offer valet parking for about 26$ a night but it seems there is parking available just right around the corner, so that might be worth checking out. we didn麓t have breakfast in the hotel so i cant really say anything about that. they have a couple of pc麓s near the lobby which have access to the internet for free. overall a pleasant stay at the tower beveryl hills!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>drewski2
<Content>Not even close to 4 star. Good luck if you cab it! The Tower was supposed to be a 4 star hotel and had the price point that was in line with that rating. Unfortunately, it was not even close to a 4 star. The only 4 star amenity was the valet parking and doorman. I chose to take a cab to the hotel as I was there on business. My cab driver had never heard of this place and my colleagues who took separate cabs experience the same thing. Fortunately I had a map printed and could direct him to the hotel, eventually we discovered together this apartment style building in the midst of a residential area that was well removed from the rest of Beverly Hills. On another night, returning from LA my cab driver claimed to know where the hotel was, but we ended up circling the neighborhood for an extra 10 minutes well I tried to get him to the actual location.The room was quite large and had a nice balcony and a Tempra-pedic bed. However those were the only positive room features. The bedspread had many stains and the furniture was nicked and scraped all over. The bedding package was quite plain (about what you would expect from a 2.5 star hotel) and the bed was very low to the ground.This 4 star hotel's only restaurant was a sports bar with limited hours. A continental breakfast was available on the top floor and was overpriced at $18 for cereal, yogurt, and an egg dish. There was no service whatsoever other then to collect your money.If you are looking for a true 4 star Beverly Hills experience and amenities such as a real restaurant and/or room service I would select another location.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Suesal
<Content>Shabby room I was very disappointed in the room at The Towers. It looked like it hadn't been refurbished in many years! The bedspread was spotted, the carpet was worn looking, the wallpaper didn't match the curtains and the carpet didn't match either the walls or curtains. I was told the hotel had been spruced up in the last few years, but you couldn't tell it by me!! The gym was a joke. It had 1 treadmill and 1 elliptical machine! It cost a lot of money to valet park the car every day with no street parking. So I had no choice! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tenchi1009Texas
<Content>Old but Good.. I booked this hotel by name your own price on priceline.com, at first I saw their website and was amazed and happy thinking it was a high end hotel.. Well then I started reading the reviews and they were not so great. Well here is my experience..1. parking is $26.00 a night-- valet only (which means you have to tip everytime they get your car)2. When we checked in, they offered to upgrade us for only $60.00 a night so we said no, so then the guy said how about for $30.00 a night so we still said NO.. then he said ok here are your keys and I went ahead and upgrade you guys anyways for FREE.3. We get to the room we got one in the 9th floor byt the cleaning closet and stairs (so we were like Ok.. ) We saw our balcony and it was huge. So it was ok.. 4. My first impression of the room was WOW.. this is an old decoration!! The carpet was stained in the room and the hallway. The bathroom was ok.. To sum it all up, the room was decent but nothing like a four star hotel. I would of wanted a more updated, cleaner place!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>becca1637
<Content>Ok Hotel When we first arrived, we were laughing at the Valet parking. We pulled in and gave them our keys and they pulled the car 2 feet away into a spot i could have pulled into myself (and charged me 26$ per day to do this). The staff was very friendly. We were not impressed with the hotel on a whole. I would rate it 2.5 stars. The rooms were outdated and the covers on the bed were not impressive. We did like the tempurpedic beds but thats about it. There really isnt too much around to walk to except the Ralph's grocery store. We did walk to the mall but it was about .8 miles away. All in all L.A. really didn't thrill us. It is too hyped up. We enjoyed San Diego better and should have stayed there. P.S. the smog and the air from all the fires gave me an upper respiratory infection to bring home.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	1	1	1	1	3	2	2	

<Author>FredColumbia_MD
<Content>My worst stay I booked and prepaid through Hotels.com a night at this Hotel. When we arrived at 1AM in the morning, the hotel was sold out and they had no room available. This is great after a 5 hour flight and 3 hour time shift. I know that this can happen. Some Guests did not check out. However, when we arrived, the receptionist STARTED to make calls to find a different room for us, although they had already known after check out that they were overbooked. She sent us to a messed up motel somewhere in LA. I paid $235 for this night. When I asked for a refund, Hotels.com contacted the hotel. They were not willing to refund any money, because they paid that night at the motel ($120). Good deal for them. After I complained and called 4 times, finally we got the money back.I was really frustrated how badly the Tower Beverly Hills handled this situation when we arrived and it was even worse when we tried to get the refund. I can not recommend to stay there, or try to stay there...  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rdv555
<Content>Front Desk Was Very Rude Front desk was very rude. Did not want to honor online below market rate that I booked room at. They had an attitude problem. Hotel is nothing special and parking is very expensive. Advice - stay elsewhere!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	2	1	1	4	

<Author>BeverlyOntario
<Content>Wonderful Time- great staff My daughter and I had planned a special holiday to California to celebrate the end of my treatment for breast cancer and her finishing her undergraduate studies during a very trying time. During my treatment we spent a good deal of time watching T.V and decided we would both love to see California and stay in Beverly Hills. We were extremely happy with the Tower Beverly. the room with a view of Beverly Hills was lovely. We walked to Rodeo Drive every day, we had no problem being picked up and dropped off for daily tours. The staff were exceptional, the valet service was friendly, helpful and welcomed us with a smile every time we came back to the hotel. The hotel had no way of knowing how important this trip was to us and made us feel very special. My daughter and I enjoyed our stay so much we would recommend this hotel and look forward to returning to California and staying at the Tower Beverly.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>CaRev
<Content>Needs a serious facelift Parking is very very high, and there are no alternatives in the area. When you add it to the cost of the room, it is not be worth staying there, even at what I thought was a good room price.The only thing good about the hotel is the bed. It is very comfortable, everything else about it is cheap and old. On the site I reserved the room, it said 4 star. Not even close, it is 2.5 star tops. It is so dated. There are a lot of great, and yet affordable hotels in LA, and this is not one of them.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>Gjoa
<Content>Good location but fading 4-star, staff with attitude Good location less than one mile from shops on Rodeo Drive.Room was nice size, clean and comfortable, but without the luxury feel. This used to be a Loews, but is no longer. Minus for charging for internet access in the room.Small pool area next to busy road. Bar was not much to write home about.Typical (but nonetheless unacceptable) Beverly Hills attitude of front desk staff: Tried to check in at 2:15pm, but told it was just not possible until official check-in time at 3:00pm. Also told at check-in that a room facing away from Pico Blvd (heavy traffic) would require a significant extra charge. Had not been informed of this anywhere.Bar was also closed at this time, so nowhere to wait. All in all, only worth it if you get a rate well below that on their own web site.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>nyuszi
<Content>Lovely all around The Tower is a beautiful hotel near to Wilshire and Robertson Blvds and a quick walk to cafes (and Pinkberry!) on Beverly Dr. The location was easy to get to and from, the neighborhood very nice, the staff were so kind and the room was superb.A few disappointments were that the hotel has a bar but no real restaurant or room service and the valet-only parking rate seemed a bit high (but, I guess what do you expect in BH). In-room internet incurred a daily fee (a practice I find pretty offensive in this day and age) but the hotel provided two terminals in the lobby area, including a printer which gave free access to the web and free printing.Overall, I would highly recommend this for anyone who wants easy access (by car, of course, this is LA after all) and navigation to Beverly Hills, Hollywood, Downtown and Santa Monica.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mmnby
<Content>We loved everything about our deluxe room except the beds! We stayed here from March 23-26. We were greeted warmly at the front desk and the concierge was very helpful. We were not impressed with the $30 a day parking or with the idea of paying $12 for a continental breakfast! Luckily the first night there we found a nice place to eat (Factor's Famous Deli), good prices, selection and good food.We loved everything about our deluxe room except the beds! I picked this hotel for it's location and Tempur-Pedic beds, as I've read good things about these beds. After 3 nights, me, my bf and our 7 yr old son all had extremely sore backs. As for the location, we paid 45 bucks to get back from the Whiskey a Go-Go on the Sunset Strip. It was also quite far from Universal Studios. Drug store and Ralph's across the street, coffee shop a block away.The rest of the room however was wonderful. Very clean, decent tub, Rush toiletries, beautiful view of Bevery Hills and the Hollywood sign, nice furnishings, and big balcony! We used the free internet in the lobby a few times, 20 minutes per person was more then enough to check email.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ConestogaNj
<Content>The Terrible Tower Our stay at the Tower began badly and ended worse! After confirming twice (and in writing) that my 18 year old could check in without me, the rude manager would not let him, even though the room was prepaid and my son had a credit card with his name on it and id. I had a written note from the front office saying that it would be fine. After an argument , she relented.Then the wake up call and LA tour that my kids booked through the concierge never materialized. My husband and I had a confirmed reservation to meet up with my kids but when we arrived at 3:30 am, the hotel said they did not have a room and sent us 2 blocks away to an inferior hotel. The front desk of the other hotel told us that the Tower overbooks on a regular basis.Finally, we have been trying to have some valuable items returned to us that my kids left and have made 4 phone calls to the hotel. We are told that they have the items and will send them but it has been almost 2 weeks and we have not received them. The rude manager has not returned my call. Would never go back!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SusannNYC
<Content>Nice boutique hotel Small boutique hotel, recently renovated with fairly big rooms  nice decor. Clean! A good deal for $170 per night.No restaurant on premises. The bar next to the tiny pool serves bar food though. If you are starving, try the Fish Grill in the small shopping mall across the street for fish tacos. One block down the street is a Coffee Bean shop. You'll need a cab/car for Rodeo Drive etc. Valet parking is $26/day.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>wendy518
<Content>Disappointment How do I start? We stayed three nights at the hotel. When we arrived we were greeted at the front desk by a pretentious staff member who seemed extremely self absorbed. I did not have a good feeling from that moment on... When we got up to our room we were extremely disappointed. We had read the reviews on this site and I have picked many hotels based on it. This time I regretted it. The room was drab and almost dingy. It needed a serious facelift. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. We faced Pico Blvd and a strip mall. Considering this is an incredibly busy street we heard everything. Car horns, emergency vehicles, you name it. Another thing you should know before you book is the cost of parking. There is valet service only which costs $26 dollars a day!! It is not the money but the principle!!! I have been to Beverly Hills many times but this was the first and last time I will stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Scousepeasant
<Content>Nice hotel, good location I booked this as part of a package with Expedia  got a cheap rate for our 4 night stay. I stayed here with my 2 teenage daughters who are celebrity  shopping obsessed  this proved a great base from which to indulge their obsessions being close to Rodeo Drive and a short drive or bus ride to Santa Monica in onde direction and Hollywood in the other. We didn't eat in the hotel but there are various places to eat nearby. The room was nice  had a great view from the balcony. We were on the quiet side of the hotel (not facing Pico Blvd) and we were able to use wifi with my laptop in the room but there are also desktop computers in a room off the reception area which are free to use for guests. Being a caffeine addict I was glad that the hotel had a coffee maker with supplies of coffee, though there is a coffee shop just around the corner if you prefer a capuccino first thing in the morning. All in all we had a good experience at this hotel. The one downside is that parking cost $26 a night, but apart from that we really enjoyed our stay here.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>aussietraveller
<Content>Classy hotel in great location We spent two nights in this hotel as part of our honeymoon. We loved it! Huge room with enormous comfortable beds. We had a room with a balcony facing the HOLLYWOOD sign which was fabulous considering it was our first time in LA.We had a car and used the valet parking ($26/night) at the hotel. This is kind of non-optional as the hotel is in a residential area there is no on-street parking. We just paid it and enjoyed the service.Hotel is an easy drive to all the sights and shopping in Beverly Hills/Hollywood.Reception and concierge were super helpful and recommended some fabulous restaurant suggestions. We would definitely stay here again when we are in LA.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yegob
<Content>Loved it We stayed at The Tower for 5 nights. The best mattress, the best sleep I've ever had in a Hotel, despite being on the noisy side (Pico Avenue). Loved having a balcony and internet access in the room (for a fee of course) but well worth it. The pool is rather small but adequate, warm and clean. I would not recommend eating in the pub as the service is extremely slow. We ordered sandwiches and we waited 45 minutes for the food to get to our table. Room is good sized, nice bathroom, maid made sure we had new toiletries, coffee etc. every day. Staff all very friendly and helpful. We did not have a car, so relied on taxis, which I would not recommend as they are very expensive, instead use the limo service and make sure you ask for Vladimir - he is great. (not Boris). There are many restaurants nearby, a huge drugstore across the street where you can buy water, groceries etc. We would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Olive2684
<Content>Not so great The staff was not very accomodating. After traveling across country (NJ) with a layover in between we were not permitted to check in when we arrived. It was only an1 hour and 30 min before designated check in time on a Thurs. afternoon! He was not very friendly or sympathetic and mentioned we could check-in now only if we upgraded (surprise, surprise). Also, overnight parking as a guest was $25 dollars per night! It seemed they charged you for everything that was advertised as complimentary (i.e. continental breakfast and internet in the room) The hotel was in a good location but I would search for another hotel before I returned to The Tower Beverly Hills.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>idatarbell
<Content>The Tower was an excellent place to stay! We wanted an affordable hotel near Beverly Hills and were very pleased with The Tower. We requested a room with a view of the Hollywood Hills, and had a fantastic view. The staff was very friendly and helpful and our room was very comfortable. (Great mattress!) My husband and I will definitely stay there again. We're very picky about hotels and travel extensively. You will not be disappointed with this hotel! The location is perfect and the hotel is great. Strongly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>joannemcn
<Content>Underwhelming!!! I stayed here last week. (Sep 2007). I have no problem with the staff, they were lovely (as long as you tipped generously, I handed out $20 bills to ensure this). Hotel is beside a very busy main road, luckily my room did not back on to it. Accommodation not fabulous for the price, I paid 140 pounds sterling per night which was not worth it. Hotel is not too close to shopping, taxis recommended; it is further away than it purports to be. Room OK, supposedly a deluxe. Walls thin. All in all, I would recommend elsewhere! However, I was travelling alone so did not feel like moving.However, on the plus side, I arrived at 9am and they let me check in. On the downside, I submitted laundry which was not ready before check out and now has to be posted home to UK! All in all, I was UNDERwhelmed.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	1	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>JLN0772
<Content>odd hotel. This hotel doesn't really have a lobby, very poor setup. The room I received was worn and dirty, I won't be back. I don't consider this even a three star hotel alone four.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DG0217
<Content>Checked out a day early This place is weird. You walk into the lobby and it looks like it will be a trendy hotel (although shutters on side of building threw me off!). Then, you get to your room and you think you are in an old hotel in France somewhere. I think i read that they claim to be 4 stars, which is completely delusional. Maybe 1.5. There are no bedspreads, the beds are OK, the shower head is not attached to the wall and is old, it was moldy around the tub, there is no cover on the toiltet seat, random lamps - just overall decor of what you would expect in your grandmom's house. But - they have Rush toiletries, which I love and buy at home and fairly nice towels and linens. Such a weird hotel!! I got to my room and realized i could not stay here for two nights, called downstairs and said i would be checking out a day early. I would not recommend this place unless you are paying $90/night.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	1	1	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>AriesTraveler
<Content>Will stay again Conveniently located near Beverly Hills. Staff is very accomodating. The hotel does lack a good restaurant and convenience store. Was told that they'd be renovating over the next couple of years - so be sure to check before you book.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>depplovers
<Content>This Hotel is Super! My family and I stayed here for 4 days on our visit to the Los Angeles area. We were very warmly greeted at the front desk and we found the concierge to always be helpful throughout our stay. Extra towels and pillows which we requested were brought within minutes. The food was a bit pricey in the restaurant...but very tasty and well presented. The hotel was conveniently located to Rodeo Drive. We were able to get to all of the tourist attractions which we wanted to see within 20 minutes. There is a valet parking charge of $24 per day, which is high, but that is typical of most hotels in LA. We would definitly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the LA area.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>CaEmerald
<Content>Loved this Hotel! What a nice hotel. Everything was perfect! Comfortable, elegant rooms, fabulous view overlooking Beverly Hills, walking distance to Rodeo Drive, comfortable beds, lovely balcony, etc. Staff was also incredibly accomodating and genuinely kind. lobby, bar, restaurant all very nice. Great work out room too! Thought it was also an excellent value for the price. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jennyuy
<Content>Nice! but have to pay for valet parking for the price we paid, it was a good value for money. i just don't like that we have to pay for valet parking $10 and $24 for overnight parking!!! We are guest in the hotel, parking should be free!!!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	1	4	

<Author>Jones57
<Content>I'd pass on this one. I experienced the same problems as other guests on this site, including not receiving the room type that I reserved. For the price I paid there are much better hotels in the LA area.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>marvfish
<Content>nice hotel pleasant well apointed room with balcony, absolutely no complaints.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>No1WorldTraveler
<Content>Three-Star Hotel I use to stay at this property when it was the Loews but the property is no longer up to that level of quality. I didn't receive the room type I reserved, I was told at check-in that a computer glitch had overbooked that room type. I was put in a downgraded room but still paying the full price I reserved at. The hotel is okay but definitely not luxurious and offers very limited amenities.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>ljarla
<Content>Great Hotel Really Close to Beverly Hills I thought that, for the price, the Tower Beverly HIlls is excellent! We read alot of reveiws and were a little concerned because some were great and some were bad - for no reason. The staff was unbelievably friendly and helpful. The room was the perfect size and had all the amenities we needed. It was clean. Also, very cute. We love to walk and it only took 10 - 15 minutes to walk to the heart of Beverly Hills/Rodeo Drive. There is a grocery store,drug store and multiple restaurants right across the street or around the corner if you do not want to walk to the heart of Beverly Hills. There is easy access to the major expressways. I highly recommend it!  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shegde
<Content>Excellent Service! My family and I enjoyed our stay at this wonderful hotel. The service is outstanding! And the rooms are very affordable.You must stay here.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rainbowseeker
<Content>Charming and Affordable in Beverly Hills, but needs some improvement We found this hotel on Trip Advisor while searching for something affordable but charming in Beverly Hills. Hard to find such a combo in this area, and the affordable is relative to the area. Like the 60s retro feeeling combined with the nouveau decor. Loved the big balcony and the view of Hollywood Hills. Could even see the famous Hollywood on the hill faraway fromthe balcony. The hotel room was very beautiful and peaceful and spacious. But NO Tempur-Pedic bed in THIS room (#606), to our disappoinment since we had really looked forward to that when we saw they advertised having them in all rooms! The public areas of the hotel were well designed and alluring.Could make this hotel a destination in itself: restaurant, room service, pool, live entertainment some nights, pool table, Beverly Hils nearby, comfortable sitting areas off lobby. Great restaurant next door too: Sparks. Had to wait a long while to check in to hotel - very slow. Hotel room was, however, not at all quiet: we could hear doors slamming, voices, vacuum cleaners all from our bed. As long as our neighboring guests were quiet our room was too. The AC fan did not work - so there was no way to block the noises and also no way to cool off the room without opening the glass doors, which then allowed in more noise from the street. SO this place is a mixed bag: lots of new, a little 60s; great service at valet and concierge, slow at front desk; noisy at times, quiet at others, beautiful lobby and lounging areas. Overall, FEELS good to be there though. Felt like a nice respite from all the traffic we had to drive in to get there, where we could sit back and relax.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>V-Bareford
<Content>The Tower Beverly Hills was a delight! From the first time we stepped out of our car to the last time we climbed in to leave to go home, our stay at the Tower Beverly Hills was a delight. The entire staff was friendly, helpful and made our stay even more enjoyable. Kudo's to Reggie at the front desk, he was just the nicest and most welcoming person and started our trip to Los Angeles off perfect. If we had any questions or needed anything he took care of it right away. The valet's never put us in our car without first asking if we needed directions. The room was decorated in a very warm and elegant design, the bed was devine and the entire room and bathroom just felt clean and smelled good. We had a fantastic view of Beverly Hills and the location was perfect. We will definitely come back to the Tower and next time bring our dog, they are pet friendly! Thank you Tower Beverly Hills for making our trip a wonderful experience!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jlaguette
<Content>Dont be fooled by the photos I have to hang it to this place for hiring an excellent webmaster for their site. I eto pull up to an old, classy building and what I ended up seeing was basically a converted Holiday Inn from the 1960's. Believe me, theyve done all they can with the place but I definitely feel it's a bit of false advertisement. The pool is LITERALLY in the parking lot, with no hot tub. And the 'views' from some of the rooms, have a beautiful view of the PARKING LOT. The bed was excellent, and I slept great. We looked at the rating of the restaurant (B) and decided not to eat there however we were running late and decided to just eat a quick meal. I have to hang it to the chef because the food was EXCELLENT. I highly reccomend eating there even though it's not the nicest of places.Overall the stay is ok, but don't expect a beautiful hotel like you see on the website  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>iloveolives
<Content>Stylish,good value and location First time for an extended stay in LA and the location was excellent for sightseeing around Beverly Hills, Hollywood and even downtown was not too far by car. We had very helpful tips from the Stephen the Concierge about getting around without going on the freeways and sightseeing, for example he recommended the Kodak Theatre tour as worthwhile which it was amongst the tackiness of Hollywod Boulevard (The city is working on it but still has a way to go).The room was spacious, clean and had very original and smart decoration. We had a very good rate through Expedia but we decided to upgrade to a north view towards Beverly Hills and itwas well worth it, as the view from the quite large balcony was very pretty and green ( for LA!).The bathroom was spacious enough for 2 adults and 2 teenagers, as there is a separate area with a dressing table and mirror (also where the coffee machine was located), so everyone had a place to put their 'things''. The bathroom probably could do with a makeover soon as there was a hairline crack in the basin, and the toilet was a bit temperamental but otherwise everything was fine and they even had a heated shaving mirror.The bedding was divine ( Tempur matresses). Sensibly the hotel has ditched the mini bar service which I am sure no one uses these days which left plenty of space in the small fridge for our drinks and snacks.All th staff were friendly and professional from the front door to the restaurant. Housekeeping when asked quickly replaced items they had missed ie decaf coffee. We had dinner twice in the restaurant. The menu is small but covered most tastes and we found the food to be good and reasonable in price.Parking is an issue around Beverly Hills ( ie parking on the street is not allowed) so the valet charge is unavoidable but the service is very convenient.Don't be put off by the exterior ( it has a 60's almost retro look) but inside it it very smart, intimate and welcoming.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Namsnik
<Content>Fantastic!! This hotel is one of the best we have ever been to. Stayed from Dec 1st to 6th, 2006. Never stayed at a hotel where I can honestly say every person was so friendly and helpful, from valet parking to maid. Huge quality suite with balcony and view of Beverley Hills. Perfect location, close to Rodeo Drive, and a small shopping centre across the road. In room coffee and fridge. We even stayed an extra day than planned because it was such a wonderful place to be. Clean and neat as the most expensive. Remember to add for valet parking - $24 a day  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>coocoocoo
<Content>A Smart hotel - not too pricy.... We stayed at this hotel for five nights and enjoyed it very much. The room was large and on the 6th floor facing away from Pico Boulevard and you still get great views over the hills towards the Hollywood sign. They gave us a more superior room than we paid for. We had no problems with noise in our room although I would say that I am not surprised that road noise is a problem on the Pico side of the hotel.....even at the top of the hotel it would cause problems.The room was clean, the King bed was very comfortable and we had five good nights sleep. The only problem was with the maid service - coffee top up and towel replacement were mssed on one day, however this was resolved quickly when we informed front desk. Our news paper was also disposed of once before we had read it - but again we were given a choice of papers to replace it.We didn't use the hotel restaurant or bar because we were too busy and prefered to go to the more relaxed Factors Famous Deli for breakfast - a short walk down Pico Boulevard - where we ate pleanty of good american food served by extremely friendly staff.The staff always acknowledged us with a smile and the one time we used the bar the lady serving us was friendly and chatty.We consider this hotel to be a good compromise between value and luxury. It is not 1st class but it is very good.....if you want luxury first class you will have to pay top wack at the Beverly Wiltshire.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>zmarliza
<Content>'Perplexed, Oblivious, and Clueless' quoted the Staff Those are the words quoted by the front desk staff when we complained about the noise that was consistent in the room above us. We're not talking about the typical noise one could expect in any hotel, but rather furniture being scraped across the floor, heavy objects being dropped, etc. The staff, and I quote, were 'totally clueless, perplexed, and oblivious as to the cause. Well, I'll give them one thing....they were at least honest....After all, it can be a challenge for anyone in their state of daze and confusion to know how to operate an elevator to get to the 11th floor to investigate.At least the loud traffic from Pico, especially all the sirens, helped drown out some of the noise coming from above.The housekeeping staff doesn't speak any english and had no apparent schedule of what they chose to clean in the room on any given day....I had to ask for the coffee service to be replaced every single day. The only food that was palatable was the cobb salad. Twice i ordered the chicken caesar salad, and had to ask for dressing to be brought up after realizing none was included.Beware of the kitchen staff if you dare to ask for the 'complimentary breakfast'...ever seen the soup nazi? Oh, and might I add, the complimentary breakfast is an all carb breakfast with an extra serving of.....carbs. Make sure your dental insurance is caught up.....you might break a tooth on the bran muffins.There is a nice patio to go and relax if you don't mind listening to the staff bickering with one another outside.if you do decide to stay at this hotel and have any issues, don't bother asking for the manager. He is not on site very often, and when he is, he apparently falls into the state of being perplexed as well......he'll just treat you like a second class citizen which will only raise your blood pressure and give you a headache. The headache will only get worse with all the noise....Needless to say, after getting no satisfaction, we're off to the Beverly Wilshire.....wish us luck!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alyg333
<Content>Would Never book a room there again!!!!! My husband and I booked a room online with complete hotel confirmation and description of the room that we wanted in August. The night before we were to leave (almost a month later) I received a phone call from the Hotel Manager stating that the specific room that we had booked was no longer available, and when I asked him why, his reply was that the night before a big party of 65 people came in to the Hotel and your room was accidentallyoverbooked, I then asked how this could have happened when you only have one room like it in the entire hotel and he didn't have an answer for me, he then said that he wanted to put us in a room over half the size and would send up a complimentary basket (no discount of the room had even been mentioned), at this point I was fuming, I couldn't believe that this moran had the nerve, especially the night before we were leaving.......... needless to say we DID NOT stay at this hotel and I would never recommend it to any of my family, friends or strangers off the street, The Beverly Hills Tower Hotel runs a very unprofessional establishment......and by the way, we ended up at Shutters on the Beach in Santa Monica and it was WONDERFUL!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	

<Author>urbanminx
<Content>Decent hotel for the price I stayed here for a little over a week and it was decent. My room was decorated in shades of pink and neutrals and was very charming. Not all rooms are decorated the same so if the pink is too feminine for you or bugs you out, you probably should request another room (I saw another one in bold, masculine stripes). The bed I slept on was a Tempurpedic and absolutely fabulous - in fact, it made me want to buy one. It was the most restful sleep I've had in awhile. The room service was prompt, the food was not bad, pricey, but what do you expect for a Beverly Hills location? I was told their food was cheap for Beverly Hills standards but what do I know, I don't come to the area that much to compare.Now, for the annoying part. The front desk couldn't get my credit cards right. I used one to check in, I told them I'd be using another to check out and to put all charges on the latter....they were down with that....over a period of six months I noticed charges coming from both cards....what's up with that? I had to call and call to get it straightened out. Apparenly, they got everything mixed up and I really didn't appreciate seeing money taken out of my bank account, especially the one that carries not much money as it would have made my other items an overdraft if I didn't catch it in time. And, were they going to reimburse me for that?But, to be fair, they tried to figure out the mess they made, and accounting was very patient.Would I stay here again? Not my first choice but if I had to I wouldn't object. Also, FYI, there's a strip mall and pharmacy just across the street within walking distance.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>healinghq
<Content>Hidden Gem We wanted to find a nice hotel to stay at with my mom and sister in town - and we did NOT want to spend $350-$500 per night - afterall, we needed a room for 4 nights and we're not in the business of getting ripped off.....So you wanna hear the truth - the place is tight - nice decor - felt like beverly hills contemporary, if that is even an accredited style - sufficed to say - it was cool and I believe its a 4 star hotel - so you'd expect it to be nice - and it is.Pros: Big Balconies with AWESOME views of hollwyood hills etc - nice decor, stylish lobby and public areas, Internet (both wireless and via cable in rooms), very cool pool area -- and walking distance to Rodeo Drive shops (15 min thru real nice neighborhoods) ---- great place to stay if you want to be close to Hollywood or in Beverly Hills or just for the LA area in general - its close to highways - so yeah, it's centrally located - not in the boonies.. in fact, you get a real nice taste of Beverly Hills this way- because its set back just enough from the Rodeo Drive Shops, that you actually feel like you're LIVING in Beverly Hills.And the staff was super friendly - I was told that and its true.Cons: no dvd player in room - had vcr though.. i think the rooms might be getting remodeled - check with front desk - but that is stretching.. to find a 'con' -- we had no reason to play a dvd - that is just something i noticed.. and i am a tech-head.... most people would not care... Our room was only $175-ish... per night - so about half what the other 4 star hotels will charge - and that my friends is a GOOD DEAL!-aram brazilian  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Kearnz
<Content>Good hotel Me and three other people stayed at this hotel in early August 2006. We arrived in our car after a long journey from Las Vegas, and we were very tired. After we arrived, the bell men took our luggage into the hotel, and our car was parked for us. We had requested connecting rooms when we booked and there were no problems at all with this. We have stayed in numerous hotels before and more than half did not give us connecting rooms. We went up to the rooms. The rooms were slightly outdated, with stripy coloured wall-paper, and country style curtains. Yet, the rooms had a balcony, plus the bed was a tempur one. Since we were tired, we ordered rooms service. The menu was pretty good with a choice of steaks, pizzas, pastas and salads. The meal arrived in about 35 minutes and was v.good. The hotel is located about 15-20 minutes from central Hollywood, and is right in the center of Beverly Hills, on Beverwil Drive.  Staff were friendly, and service was excellent. Breakfast wasn't to good, and the rooms could do with some updating. Overall, it was a really good hotel.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JacAli
<Content>Fantastic. We visited this hotel last year and it was fabulous. We've stayed at various hotels in the Beverly Hills area and this was by far one of the best. The room we had, exceeded the luxury of The Wilshire, but maybe we just got a good room? Going back again in a few weeks, hope it's just as impressive. The rooms are clean and spacious, and the staff are very accomodating. Great experience.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MiamiMommytraveller
<Content>Home Away from Home Absolutely impressed with the staff at the Lowes Beverly Hills. Just returned from the trip and had to take the time to post. My husband and young daughter 4 joined me on a business trip- we spent 4 nights at the Lowes. Unfortunately, my husband ended up sick and hospitalized on day 2. The staff was amazingly kind to my family. They were very accomodating in extending our stay day to day and would ask every evening regarding my husband's health they even (Melissa from the front desk who provided directions and info regarding the nearest hospital) sent a basket with fruit to our room. The staff at the restaurant particularly Patricia always brought a smile to my daughter's face and was extra kind in making sure that she was pleased with her meal. They took us under their wing and helped us feel like we were a part of their family. Patricia even offered her personal phone number in the event that I needed any assistance after she was off. Aside from our special circumstances the valet staff is also very helpful offering instructions before they hand you your car. The room was comfortable, clean and nicely decorated and the hotel is very conveniently located.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So Very Disappointed For all their hype and great advertising, this hotel was a major disappointment.The bellmen were very attentive at opening the door from the valet parking and the lobby was lovely. Then, it went downhill. The front desk staff were bickering amongst themselves and were extremely curt and abrupt. We immediately went to the business center to fax information out and was appalled at how grimy all the furniture was. The computer is in a small 4 x 4 closet and smelled horribly from the person who had just left it. The concierge was on the telephone the entire time having an argument with her boyfriend.In the room the duvet covers and pillow shams were soiled with God-knows-what. There were blood stains on the desk chair. The movie channels were not working the two days we were there. An amenity arrived and it was a basket of candy bars and gummy bears with plates and forks and knives. Forks and knives for candy bars?A cup of coffee was $3.00 at 5:50 am for which we were charged because we were too early for the continental breakfast. The continental breakfast was included in the room rate which we were never able to stay for because we had to leave each morning before 6:00, but they still charged us $3.00 for the coffee!When we left I challenged the coffee charges to no avail. No front office manager was available to speak with me. An e-mail survery I responded to was not acknowledged.This is not my first Loew's Hotel stay and the majority have not lived up to their advertising. In my opinion, the only Loew's Hotel to stay in would be the Portofino in Florida. Don't throw away your money here at the Beverly Hills location.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>NancyWHouston_Texas
<Content>Mixed signals Four nights at Loew's Beverly Hills were generally a pleasant experience. The hotel is a good value for Beverly Hills. Guest rooms and public areas are attractively decorated and furnished. Service was polite and friendly. Bedrooms are spacious; baths are on the small side. Nice views from upper-floor rooms. Balconies are a real plus. If you have a car, the hotel is well-located -- only a few minutes from Rodeo Drive shopping and about 20 minutes to Santa Monica/Malibu. Lot 1224 restaurant in the hotel is small but adequate. The Japanese restaurant across Pico is an alternative. Just a few complaints: The air-conditioning in our room didn't work, so we left the sliding doors open for air, resulting in LOTS of traffic noise. Be prepared to awaken at 5:30 a.m., because the staff cleans the outdoor areas every day with a gas-powered leaf blower -- very loud and impossible to sleep through, even nine floors up. Replenishment of the in-room mini-bar is a bit haphazard.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel, bad service We stayed at this hotel for the 3 nights before Christmas 2005. The hotel is in a great location to get to Rodeo Drive (a 10-minute walk) but not to anywhere else. You definitely need a car in LA! It took us quite a number of hours to walk to Hollywood. The rooms are nice, interesting furniture. Everything was immaculate. We were surprised at the buffet breakfast only consisting of a few different pastries, muffins, cookies and fruit. We were quite high up so we had a great view and no noise, unlike the many complaints of other travellers. The service was terrible. Staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. Extremely snotty. There is a laundrette about 10-15 mins walk away. When we were leaving we insisted we were fine carrying our bags but the concierge ignored us and helped us with our bags anyway. We weren't impressed with having to tip him when we didn't need the help and the service overall was not great.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>needs work on service, room was good, hit/miss tried this hotel b/c of the price and wanted to try the tempur-pedic bed. The bed was ok, not phenomenalso my review from start to finishthe good:valet parking was very attentivedecor was better than most business hotels but a mix of contrasting style, we had a checkerboard headboard, striped wallpaper, polka dot couch, floral curtains, diamond shaped carpet. Each element by itself ok but all together, too much.the bad:when I got to the room at 9pm, I thought the windows must be open b/c of the street noise, unfortunately, they were closed and it was just loud street noise. (lots of cars driving buy)room DSL was not working, the offered to let us change rooms but by then we were already settled, they said they would refund the charge, but they forgot and we had to correct it at checkoutat 10am, housekeeping seemed bent on knocking on our door, despite the newspaper outside out door indicating that we had probably not woken up, and were sleeping inside. I had to get up, throw on a robe and tell them to go away.free continental breakfast was worth $10, they would not let us trade it for something else worth $10. We asked to speak to the manager, who didn't deign to speak to us herself and just told the waitstaff no. Inflexible and avoidant.The restaurant at which it was served was poorly staffed in that the hostess and manager were never at the host station. so when guests arrived they just stood there waiting and wondering until finally the hostess would show up. And when she did, she had to ask the manager where it was OK to seat us despite the restaurant being basically empty.not deep bathtub, seems to be new trend in hotels, probably for safety but I like staying at hotels for a nice bath. there was not any extra roll of toilet paper, we had to ask housekeeping to bring us some.a/c vent seems coated with black dust. needs to be cleanedcabinet for TV's doors do not slide in and have to be folded back but one of the doors was blocked by a chair and could not be folded back without great effort.the concierge did not know much about restaurants. when our favorite brunch place, the hotel belair was booked, she offered that the hotel restaurant had a special brunch for mother's day. (the hotel restaurant is nowhere on par with the hotel belair. as stated previously the hotel restaurant was empty of customers, possibly for a reason.)beware the fine print: I chose this hotel b/c of the price, free breakfast, free internet. turns out that there is free internet ONLY in the VIP lounge, not from your room.interesting that no comment card was to be found in the room.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't Live Up to the Hype We were highly disappointed in our recent stay at the Loews Beverly Hills. This was our first stay at a Loews hotel and we were really disappointed. The hotel is located along a very busy street. If you are a light sleeper, do not book this hotel. The street noise is extremely loud. I used to live in downtown Washington, D.C. so road noise usually doesn't bother me, but this hotel is so close to a busy highway that it actually bothered me! Parking is by valet only and is $26 per night. The hotel is a very small boutique hotel. The front desk staff was pleasant but I didn't get the luxurious service feel as you do in most boutique hotels. The common areas of the hotel are very nice. The rooms have very eclectic decor and are very large and spacious. The rooms had an oversized sitting chair, desk and office chair, spacious bathroom with very deep soaking tub, and swanky granite countertops and cheery floor tile. Each room has a lovely private balcony that overlooks the city of Los Angeles or Century City -- that was the best part of the hotel! The location is good (near residential neighborhoods) but it is not within walking distance of any attractions or shops, with the exception of a grocery store across the street. My largest complaint is with the bed and the lack of individually controlled room thermostats. The beds are Tempurpedic, which means a large slab of memory foam. No mattress, no support. It was just awful. You sink into the foam and it conforms to your body. I had a difficult time sleeping on this weird bed. It was really difficult to sit in bed and read, too, because you would just sink so far into the bed! And since the weather was a little cool, the hotel had shut off the air conditioning so your in-room thermostat was useless. We were very hot and had to leave the balcony doors open all night to keep the room cool, which made it even more difficult to sleep due to the excessive road noise! It was not a reaxing hotel stay in the least. Thankfully we only had to stay one night.I would not recommend this hotel. I would never stay here again as it is simply not worth the price.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MissMyDog
<Content>Most guests were very snotty The hotel staff and most guests we ran into were very snotty! They acted like because they had money or worked where they did they were better than us. We splurged to stay here, it was VERY expensive. The location was great for Rodeo Drive and a short drive to Hollywood, etc. The service in the bar was slow. Pool area was closed when we stayed, not sure why it was warm enough to be open. The room and balcony were beautiful. Great bed, it was Tempur-pedic. Great decor in room.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>UNLVforme
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at this hotel for four nights and had a wonderful time! The service at this hotel was above and beyond our expectations. Everyone from valet to front desk to the bell desk to concierge was helpful! We were checked in well before check in time to a wonderful room with an excellent view of Beverly Hills and the Hollywood sign! There was always someone in the lobby willing to help us with our bags or open the doors for us or to help us with directions to our destinations. I would definitely recommend this hotel. We can't wait to stay at the Loews Beverly Hills again in a few months when we return to Beverly Hills.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sandy81
<Content>The worst Hotel... The worst hotel that I had stayed in my life!!!! This Hotel is a lie, everything that they promise, they don't do. If you have to stay in Beverly Hills, choose other one. The staff is very, very unfriendly and the Hotel is old... You don't have ice in the machines, the ^free^ continental breakfast is terrible, you have to pay so much if you want eat some fruit and finally, when you check in, they make you wait until the right time and put you in the worst of all because you bought from hotel club net, pure discrimination!!!! In other time, I stayed in Hilton Garden Inn, this is a fantastic Hotel, stay there!!!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anne Wright
<Content>Really enjoyed our stay Really enjoyed our 4 night stay in this hotel. The rooms were large, clean and comfortable, the staff extremely friendly and helpful, the bar was lovely to come back to and relax in after a full day out touring, and the restaurant was very good.The only criticism we had was that the carpet in the corridors was rather tired and really needed replacing, but everything else was great. The hotel is situated in a residential area of LA, with fabulous views from the higher/top floors. It is a much nicer area to stay in and use as a base if you want to be away from the hussle and busle of city life. There is a very good restaurant just a couple of doors away and going into downtown LA is only a short taxi ride away. Do go to the Concierge on the top floor to get information on what to do and where to go. They are so helpful and recommend great restaurants and places to visit. If you are going to go to Universal Studios which is a must if you haven't been before, do take the VIP tour - the Concierge can organise it all for you - it is fantastic and worth every penny.All in all, LA was great and the Loews Beverly Hills did not disappoint. Very good deals can be found if you shop around and we would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaSoul
<Content>Nice For the Price We stayed here for one night and I think that it was a nice hotel. The only complaint I have is that we were on the 4th floor facing the street and you could hear the traffic. If you are sensitive to noise I would advise staying on the other side of the hotel or higher up. It's a bit off the beaten path as well, although we had a car so that wasn't a problem for us. We also stayed at the Beverly Crowne Plaza a week or so later and I think the place was a bit of a dump. The 2 hotels are quite close to each other so I would say pay a bit more and stay at Loews.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alderson
<Content>Not worth the hype I had booked this hotel for 5 nights in Sept 05. I had booked through travelocity for me and my boyfriend and our friends had booked via a uk travel agent. When we arrived we were told we needed to pay additional charges which came to approx 拢200. This was not something we had been made aware of when we booked. While I totally accept this was the fault of Travelocity and not Loews the attitude of the staff on front desk was disgusting. They did not try to help us at all and basically said 'if you don't pay it you can't stay here'. They told us to call Travelocity and take it up with them, they did not offer to let us use their phone (I thought this would have been acceptable given that we are English and charging our mobile phones had proved difficult) and had no sympathy whatsoever. The only thing they did offer was to move our friends to a room with two double beds so the four of us could share... I did not want to pay the extra money but two 20 something couples sharing one room for 5 nights?!! We walked just down the street and checked into the Marriott (Residence Inn) where the service of the staff was perfect. Our friends did stay at the Loews but even they admitted that although their room was nice they were jealous of our bigger, newer, and generally nicer suite at the Marriott. I cancelled the booking with the Loews and was assured by cancellations (over the telephone) that I would not be charged. I was charged 拢97 two months later without any warning after never having signed anything with Loews and I'm still trying to get the money back.The hotel is nice and the pool area is lovely, but the attitude of the staff was apalling and the room I saw was starting to look dated.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>melissablack
<Content>Fantastic Hotel that allows pets!!       Joy and me on my favorite street! Rodeo Drive.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MisstheDogs
<Content>Nice Hotel -- Nothing Special Stayed in this hotel for two nights. The common areas (lobby, restaurant, bar) are small and unimpressive. Service was functional but not exactly warm. Standard rooms are nicely furnished. Layout and size are standard. Beds don't initially seem comfortable, but are. Bath is good-sized, remodeled, with lots of marble. Room service was very prompt. Food was okay -- not exceptional. The restaurant is small and the menu didn't exactly entice me. There's not much else decent within walking distance other than Ruth's Chris (about a 10 minute walk).They have an extensive menu of things you can request -- from different pillows to jewelry and cummerbunds. Didn't try any but it could be very useful if you let something at home.High speed internet was down an entire afternoon (fault of provider, not hotel, but still annoying). I received a VIP card but didn't find out until after I'd departed (because no one told me on check in) that this entitled me to certain benefits, such as free continental breakfast.The location is acceptable. Basically in a residential district. Nice view if you have upper floor and face Beverly Hills. Not so nice if you face the shopping cetner next door. Beverly Drive is down the street and Rodeo Drive not a long walk. I left a pair of prescription glasses at the hotel. When I called, they promised to return them (at my expense). However, I was a bit surprised that they never called me to tell me I'd left them.Overall, it's a nicely appointed hotel. Not particularly special or memorable but definitely acceptable.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not impressed I stayed at the Loews Hotel in Beverly Hills for my honeymoon in November. We got in pretty tired after an 18 hour flight. The check in was quite efficient and we were led to our room pretty quickly. I had called in advance to inform them that it was our honeymoon and if possible to give me a higher floor since the website claimed to have a view of Beverly Hills.When we got to our room, we were on the second floor overlooking a carpark. Very disappointing.The sink and the bathtub were clogged for 3 of the 4 nights we were there. Another disappointment.I doubt I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sticklegs
<Content>pretty boutique hotel stayed at this hotel in july for two nights. every room has a balcony.good size rooms with excellent facilities. staff very helpful, always smiling. hotel about ten minutes walk from rodeo drive. breakfast was adequate but we just expected a little more variety of food. nice lounge to come back to after a long day out. also if weather is good to sit out on your own balcony. very impressed with the loews. would definitely go back there again. must go to the polo lounge beverly hills hotel. ask to sit outside.food excellent. staff very attentive. not expensive by beverly hills prices. enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stockoptions
<Content>Good value, but... Spent 3 nights in a suite at the Loew's. The room was large, with a separate bedroom and spacious marble bathroom. The housekeeping was OK, but not great. The rooms was a bit tired and in need of new furnishings, and the restaurant/cocktail lounge is in desperate need of someone who cares. The food is lackluster (though edible), and the service is, to be kind, uncaring. The location is a bit out of the way, too, unless your idea of shopping is being across the street from a supermarket and a pharmacy. There are definitely better choices for just a few dollars more.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Start! We stayed in this hotel at the start of what was to be a wonderful stay in L.A. This hotel is above average in every way. The only complaint I would have would be in relation to the bar staff, who were so unfriendly it was unbelieveable in fact they were rude. The rest of the staff were very pleasant and helpful in every way. The beds are extremely comfortable and our room was beautifully decorated with a great view of Beverly Hills. It is in a great location only a 15 minute walk from the shopping on Rodeo Drive with fab shops and resteraunts along the way. I will definitley stay there next time I visit L.A and would not hesitate to recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kane020
<Content>Great hotel Very courteous and helpful staff. Restaurant delicious. Pool beautiful and uncrowded. Rooms EXTREMELY comfortable-best mattress I've ever slept on. Wonderful balcony with a view and chairs for relaxing. Great location-within walking distance of Rodeo Drive. I could actually live here. The staff was very kind to me, and I'm not anyone important-but they made me feel welcome and that I was being looked after. They went out of their way to answer questions, get my car quickly, open the door. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smills7931
<Content>Apalling service We had booked the jacuzzi suite for our wedding night only to arrive to check in and find out they had 'downgraded' our room to a standard room because the current guest wanted to extend his stay. Far from being apologetic and understanding the hotel staff were indifferent, verging on downright rude. I have never been treated with such disrespect in my life...it wouldn't have been such a big deal if they had apologized and tried to make up for it but they didn't seem to care one bit which enraged me to the point of ruining the whole wedding night and they had not bothered to call us (we had made the booking two weeks prior) to tell us they coudln't give us one of the four jacuzzi rooms so we didn't find out until the last minute and couldn't book anywhere else. After complaining for at least half an hour they finally offered to comp the room and the breakfast but we still ended up disputing the bill becuase they tried to charge for breakfast. Will NEVER stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well managed and helpful We arrived at the Hotel on a Whirlwind 4 night stop in LA. The staff were very pleasant and the rooms clean and well presented. The concierge was fantastic and helped us make the most of our time in LA. Ignore the bad reviews, sure there is no big lobby but what does that matter do you plan spending your holiday in a lobby????????  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not very impressed Honestly i wasnt impressed with the hotel neither was my boyfriend. we stayed in Loews BH for 4 nites after spending other nites in excellent hotels i was not happy. Its funny considering the other Loews hotel are excellent like in miami i was not happy with the one in BH. The bed was very comfy which i loved, the bathroom was clean. The deco of the room looked very cheap. it was very close to rodeo drive, and other restaurants and there was a shopping centre across the road and a lovely thai restaurant right across the road. overall it was okay but would not say excellent. Considering its location i wud have thought it wud have been better. Pool area was very small and pool itself i wouldnt call it a tourist holiday for people all around the world to come and stay in as there was no buzz in the hotel. It was more like a business person type of hotel. We hardly spent any time in the hotel went on tours to disney and universal there were fantastic.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel I have ever stayed in! We stayed at the Loews Beverley Hills for 5 days in August. We had been travelling through the US for 3 weeks staying in some really bad hotels. I was speechless when I saw our room. Finally we had a place where we could actually relax. The staff were some of the friendliest people we had met in America and the service (especially the room service) was exceptional. The room was AMAZING. Clean, beautifully appointed and endless views over Hollywood, Beverley Hills - all the way to the Hollywood sign. All the facilities we had missed the previous 3 weeks - fridge, balcony, safe, tea  coffee IN the room. It was the perfect end to our trip and I can honestly say that I don't think I have ever stayed in a better hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dolcetto
<Content>Bright Airy Rooms and Views in Boutique Nest       High-rise views from Loew's upper room  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than Expected Though a bit apprehensive from previous reports about Leows BH we enjoyed our stay at the hotel. Some of the issues can be summarised below : 1) It is a small hotel , therefore no big drive -in , no big lobby .2) Rooms on the south side of the hotel face the main road and therefore can be noisy. 3) The swimming pool is rather small.However the positives more than outweigh the above points .1) It is a very friendly hotel and we felt at home straight away.2) The rooms are clean and well decorated 3) The restaurant is good - they have a band playing there every Friday 4) The location is good - and the views from the north side of the hotel are great5) The concierge services are fantastic. 6) This is a kids friendly hotel - free use of pool table / internet facilities.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly nice hotel I was pleasantly surprised by the Loews after some of the negative reviews here. Our room on the 10th (concierge) floor was pleasant and clean, not particularly worn at all. The concierge down the hall was extremely eager to be helpful in making our plans or giving us directions. The one real annoyance was that the pool heater was broken, so the pool was freezing. No one mentioned this and when I mentioned it on checkout, they kind of shrugged politely. Otherwise the staff was nice, pool area nice, parking extortionate, but price good for a nice L.A. hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning Horrible Hotel! My husband and I were horrified upon entering the Beverly Hills Loews. There was no lobby, which would have been fine if that was the worst of it. Upon entering our room we found large stains all over the floor, bedding, and furniture. I was afraid to even take my shoes off! We asked for another room and after about 30 minutes the staff rudely gave us another one. It was hard to imagine but this one was worse than the first. The room was sooooo dirty and had blood stains splattered on the headboard of the bed. I was so disgusted and repulsed that we checked out immediately. The rude manager and staff told us that they didn't have any other rooms available and that they would check us out. No apologies, nothing! They had attitudes like they didn't care if we stayed or not. We checked into the Crowne Royal Plaza in Beverly Hills and it was cheaper and 100% nicer.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twoworlds
<Content>Good value for the rate, confortable stay I like that this hotel is smaller but has the facilities of a larger hotel. My primary reason for choosing Loews is they accept pets. They're also very relaxed about the dog, unlike a lot of other hotels. The rules are limited to those that seem to be reasonable, rather than some hotels that hand you a 10 page contract to sign to have a dog in the room. Loews also does not charge an extra pet fee.The rooms are good - very spacious, good amenities with a big reading chair and ottoman, large desk and TV armoire, big bathroom. The decor is a *tiny* bit dated but I like it. Everything was very clean during my entire stay, for 4 nights.The restaurant patio and pool area are very nice. Small and quiet, I loved eating outside by the pool in the warm evenings. All of the hotel staff were very friendly, professional and accommodating. I'd rate this hotel highly on their staff. My only complaint is that nowhere on my reservation or the website did it reference the valet ONLY parking which is $24 per day. Best to find a street space 2 blocks away, but what a pain! They literally park your car 10 feet away. This is the one thing they would need to change to make me come back on my monthly week-long trips to LA. Because an extra $100 for parking is a complete waste of my money.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CHE1954
<Content>Loew's Hotel Beverly Hills An excellent hotel in Beverly Hills. The view's from are balcony was worth the price of the room by itself. Which, when you check out the price you won't beleive what it is. Staff and service is what you would expect from a Loew's Hotel, second to none. My wife loved it for it's great location to all the shopping ( Rodeo Drive ). Also close to Hollywood, Sunset Strip, Hollywood Sign and more. Check out the The Farm of Beverly Hill's our new favorite restaurant on Beverly Drive, but that's another reveiw. What you would expect from a Loew's Hotel. Great !!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>izrobertson
<Content>A cute place, needs some minor tlc. We stayed here for part of our honeymoon. We were here 3 nights. We hated the temper-pedic mattress. We both really liked the decor of pink strips on the room. There was a stain on the wall next to the television, but we barely noticed it.I did not like the bathroom which was handicapped accessible and the showerhead was a bit low for me. That was annoying.The location is terrific. A 10-minuite walk and you are on Rodeo Drive.Parking is a rip-off howver at $22 per day. Wat we did was park 3 blocks away at a public garage. It's about a 5 minutes walk. The first 2 hours are free. Overnight, until 9am the next morning was only $2. If you want to save some money, we suggest this.Overall we liked the hotel. There were just some little things that were a bit of annoyance but didn't affect our trip.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal location, great bed and warm staff I put my family from NY up at the hotel. Not only did they have a great time, my wife and I also enjoyed being there. All of our guests mentioned that the tempurpedic beds were the best. The hotel itself is central to the beach, shopping and nightlife. It provided a great spot to meet and hang out. There are so many small cozy areas that you feel like you own the place. We really enjoyed hanging out in the lounge and by the pool. There were DJ's spinning tunes, and we met some really nice people. All of the staff was very warm and entertaining. Kelly, the Chef was charming and talented. Most important, she was exceptional with the kids. Also Deon and Sara at the front desk sent us to the Little Door for one of the best meals of my life. VIP treatment!It鈥檚 true the hallways and rooms could use some updating, but everything else makes the d茅cor less of an issue. Overall, I think this is a great place.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs up! I was pleasantly surprised by this lovely hotel after reading some very negative remarks. I found the decor in the rooms, as well as the hallways to be very attractive. Our room faced north and had a beautiful view. The room was spacious, comfortable and well lit. While I looked for wear and tear, I saw a minimal amount: yes, the bathtub grouting needed some work, as did the bed spreads. The continental buffet breakfast, included in my rate, offered a nice selection and the fresh fruit was superb. The elevators were prompt and speedy. The pool was lovely.I especially appreciated the intimate feeling of this hotel. An easy walk to Wilshire and shopping, just outside the city limit of Beverly Hills, this hotel offers a reasonably priced alternative to the nearby high rent district. I wish to mention that I am a well-travelled travel agent and very discerning about accommodations.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>where is the lobby? My wife said after two nightsget me out of this Hell HoleGood points the decor in the room is nice and clean (except the bath grouting!!! Why cant they clean the grouting??)). Other than that nothing good to tellThe restruarant is average when there isnt a funtion or private party thats taken over .Walk down towards Beverly hill centre if you want some nice eating houses.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>VERY SURPRISED!!! Overall hotel was average, We had a one bedroom suite on the 11th floor (VIP LEVEL) there is nothing there to even call it a VIP LEVEL so don't expect to much. Club lounge is a joke they should move there VIP check-in and the breakfast up to the lounge along with evening cocktails and snacks. The staff was very friendly and room was clean, there were alot of stains on the carpet in room and hallways. Loews needs to step up there standards at this hotel. It's not worth what you pay. We could see the hollywood sign from our suite, the rooms are not sound proof like they say (very noisy on the street side of building)If asked would I return most likely not, only if they did a major upgrade and bring there VIP LEVEL to a real VIP LEVEL of service.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good Experience We enjoyed our 2 night stay at the Loews Beverly Hills. Our room was just fine.. I guess I am not snobby about dated decor. The beds were unbelievably comfortable, and the room was very spacious. As far as I could see, everything was very clean, and we had no complaints about any stains or other things I've seen listed on this site.I'll echo another review by saying that Cathy at the front desk was awesome- she was very nice and accomodating in every way.Overall, for the price, I would recommend this hotel to people who aren't expecting a really fancy, luxurious place. If you are a snob, try to the Beverly Hills hotel or the Hotel bel air for 4 times the price!Helpful tip: VIP means almost nothing, but I was happy to be able to use the internet (we got a special where VIP was included, otherwise we would have never done it). The continental breakfast was not so great (fruit was not good at all, pastries were hard).  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wayne_C
<Content>What did I miss? Stayed in one of their suites. It's horribly laid out with most of the space wasted. Hall and room carpets were badly stained, spa tub didn't work, CD player didn't work, heater in one room didn't work.One of the all-time worst values I've encountered.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jerri_Blank
<Content>Needs Improvement I stayed in two different types of room over one night, a one-bedroom, and a single. So Ive seen what they have to offer. Here's the negatives:1) The reviews are true, the decor is tired and stained. Lot's of floral print and striped patters, so maybe some people don't notice the stains? I saw stains all over the place.2) Sheets/pillowcases also had stains, although they were clean in my first room, the one-bedroom.3) I asked for a rollaway bed in the early afternoon. They said it'd be right up. Around 10pm it still wasn't there. When I called, I was informed that they were out. See positve item #1 below...4) When I moved to the single, there was a unidentifiable smell. They had also left an Air Deodorizer machine in the room. I decided to turn that on an open the balcony doors. After a while I noticed that the label on the machine said that it releases ozone, and can should not be used withh people in the room, so I turned it off and opened the doors all the way. The room still smelled and now I was worried about getting sick, so I slept with the doors all the way open. Luckily it was a holiday, so not a lot of traffic.5) Jacuzzi tub in one-bedroom suite very small, and didn't work.6) Single room doesn't have a jacuzzi tub.7) Valet only parking for $22. They park it right there!8) TV in single room didn't work.Now the positives:1) Cathy at the front desk is awesome. Extremely helpful. When I called to ask about the rollaway not showing up, she gave me a free separate room. She is the only reason I'm giving this hotel more than 1 point.2) The decor in the single was slightly better, and a bit cleaner. Only a few stains, and just one piece of trash left over on the floor from the last guest.3) Balconies were small, but nice. The rooms I had had a good view. Other reviews mentioned a view of the Hollywood sign - not true. On the 10th floor, there's a VIP lounge, there you can see most directions. It is not possible to see the Hollywood sign from this hotel.4) Bed was comfortable, except I did sleep in jeans and a shirt because I was afraid of the stained sheets.5) I didn't try the restaurant, but it looked nice.6) The workout room and pool seem to be in great condition, but I didn't use them.Other Loews that I've stayed at, I've always thought they were luxurious. This was very disappointing. They really need to remodel, I won't stay here again until they fix their problems.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Love This Place! Stayed here for one night on December 26, 2005. Got a very good price on the Loew's website. It's a boutique hotel run by a large chain. The staff couldn't have been nicer - from the valet parking attendent, the doorman and everyone we dealt with at the front desk. We had a lovely room, very well appointed with free Wi-Fi, lovely terrace with a view and a very, very comfortable bed. The room was immaculate and the hotel had a very cozy feel to it. It's located on the edge of a beautiful residential area, which sets it apart from most of the other hotels I've stayed at in LA. They keep excellent computerized records of their return guests, so when you check in, they know if you like a particular view, etc. I was impressed. Skip the continental breakfast, which is fine though, and take a 10 minute stroll down Beverwil to Urth Cafe for the best cappuccino and pastries that I've found in LA.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SubaruDriver
<Content>Ejoyable Stay Stayed here for 3 nights, and found the place to be great for location and view. The price wasn't bad, although $22 a day or parking seemed a bit on the expensive side.The Gym is a bit tired, as are the rooms, but the mattress is something to write home about, even if it is a little small. My wife and I are both 6 feet tall an it was a bit of a cuddle.The lift is terribly slow, and one doesn't work at all, plus drinks in the bar are a little on the expensive side. Would recommend the place, but I like variety, so I probably wouldn't stay there again. So many hotels, only so many nights sleep available!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SOBEMiamiBeach
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Stayed here for the first time in April 2004, returned in early November 2004. Excellent staff, superior maid service, room service very good, views amazing (especially if you are on the north side of the hotel), nice balconies. In short, this hotel will be my home away from home whenever I find myself in Los Angeles on business or pleasure.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Experience! We stayed at Lowes for 5 nights while here on our honeymoon...from the moment we checked in we were NEVER disappointed. The staff here is wonderful and attentive and we can't say enough about the restaurant! With all the great dining here, we chose to eat the majority of our meals here and were always very satisfied. The rooms are very clean, comfortable and decorated to make you feel like you are truly in Beverly Hills. The view is awesome! We would recommend Lowes to anyone visiting here..location is great to get to any of the attractions...  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Experience Overall I recently stayed here with my father for two nights. For a general tourist, the location is excellent. The hotel is attractive, and well appointed. (Other reviews mention the decor is tired, which is true - but not a problem if you're not snobby about it!) The feeling of staying here is much better than a motel, or large generic chain; but it is not exactly a five-star experience! The surprising highlight for us was the restaurant: we ate there both nights, and had two very enjoyable meals. The only drawback I can think of was the elevator(s) - which has also been mentioned in other reviews, and we understand they were being worked on. Overall, we would highly recommend staying here!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location Good, Rooms Terrible Stayed here one week ago, or more accurately, I should say that I didn't stay here. It's a great location with fabulous glassy views but the decor is beyond tired. This rooms needs a major renovation and is gaudy and depressing and looks like it hasn't been refurbished in decades. Also, as you might have read elsewhere, the elevators are unbelievably slow. I checked out about an hour after I checked in. Not an acceptable hotel in its current condition.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>megmarc
<Content>Incredible view My wife and I just spent 5 nights at the LBH. We had a one bedroom suite on the 10th floor. I have stayed at several Loews Hotels, so the LBH was a little of a surprise, as I would descibe it more as a botique hotel, rather than the much larger Loews facilities I had experienced before. This however seems to be more common in BH, than other places we had stayed. All in all our stay was very pleasant and we would go back again. The LBH does have some very distinct strengths and weaknesses. First the strengths:view is incrediblestaff is outstanding in every wayrooms were roomy  comfortable with many extrasvery convenient locationNow the weaknesses:Rooms are tired. Furniture is worn.Elevator is slow slow slow. The 2nd is being renovated and was not working.Club level is meaningless. It allows you to have a continental breakfast and internet access.All in all we very much enjoyed our stay. We would go back but probably will try something different next time just for the variety. I understand Loews recently purchased this sight, so I think they need a chance to upgrade the facility. I would recommend it based on the convenience of the location, the view and the staff.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was great! We just stayed here for 5 nights. We are pretty picky and this hotel worked out great. We had a 1 bedroom suite on the 10th floor. We thought the location was great, our room was clean, the front desk and valet staff were very polite, friendly and helpful. A problem at check-in was quickly resolved. Would stay here again next trip to LA. I didn't believe it, but the beds were really as good as everyone says.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay I just completed a 2 week business stay at the Loews and found the hotel to be great. The rooms were large and clean. The staff was friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. The view from my room was terrific. Only complaint is the elevators - sometimes they are really slow, but they eventually come. I'm going back in a few weeks and plan to stay there again. I have absolutely no complaints about this hotel. I loved it!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

