<Author>niknak1970
<Content>Brilliant value What a great find! Location was brilliant - just off La Ramblas, and within walking distance of pretty much everything. Breakfast was included in the deal I booked, and was spot on. I hadnt expected much - but the buffet was suitably extensive. Rooms were clean and nicely decorated. Tour bus was a good option - not far from the hotel, hop on and off all day at the main tourist spots such as Sagrada Familia and the Gaudi house and park. Travelled with friends who have been to Barcelona before, and they were equally as impressed with this hotel - wouldnt surprise me if they use it again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Avenel
<Content>Good short stay hotel, very close to La Rambla Well located hotel, good sized room and very helpful and friendly staff. Short 2 minute walk from La Rambla, very slightly spooky when returning to the hotel in the dark, but no problems experienced. Good buffet breakfast (E8.40) although cheaper options available nearby. Room clean and tidy with window overlooking the street. Not noisey although room on 4th floor and visited during December.Hairdryer and kettle in the room. Free internet available. We would stay here again  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>annabanannaMelbourne
<Content>Huge Rooms, Great Location Booked a standard double room and was pleasantly surprised at the size! Room contained 2 double beds, flat-screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities, safe (need to pay for it) and also free wi-fi connection if you bring your own laptop. There are also 4 computers in the lobby that you can use. Bathroom is big, with shower over bathtub and hairdryer. Very clean. Room is quiet, and beds are comfortable. Definitely good value. 5 minutes walk to the Ramblas. Heaps of restaurants and bars around too.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>froggman24
<Content>Good Hotel       The room  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ComingFromCanada
<Content>Very good value We would recommend the Principal. The room was very spacious, with a great big bed and large couch. Large bathroom with a great shower. Very helpful front desk staff. Well situated - close to La Rambla. One thing about the location though was that coming home late at night the neighborhood seemed a little bit questionable. It was completely fine for us and we had no trouble at all. I would hesitate to recommend it to women travelling alone though.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>kingaknaa
<Content>better than star rating My girlfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights on 12th Nov, absolutely spot on! From the polite reception staff to the room itself. We were allocated a balcony room (109) even though we only booked a normal room. No noise from the street below and we were on the first floor. Room itself was perfectly adequate for our needs, although we didnt spend much time there!!! Only thing that let the room down was the tepid water in the power shower, no matter what we tried we could'nt get it hot, that was a minor niggle though! 2 day safe hire was E5.75. Location was fine, 5 mins stroll from Ramblas, a little way into El Raval but at no time did we feel intimidated or uncomfortable. We are already planning another visit next year and will be using the same hotel.We were very vigilant looking out for any pickpockets etc...but can honestly say we saw absolutely nothing, I had a small money pouch that I carried under my arm so felt quite at ease. Food was fantastic, we ate at Quinze Nits one night and The Attic on Ramblas another. Both times fantastic, Quinze Nits was cheap as chips too but get there early, large queues later.Done the touristic bus, well worth it, Sagrada Familia can only be seen, no words can describe how unbelievable it is. Montjuic cable car was good, although we thought it went from where the bus drops you up to the castle then down to the marina, there are actually 2 cable car systems, the one down to the Marina is located a bit lower down from the one to the castle! The only time we nearly fell into a tourist trap was when we had been recommended Nuria retaurant at the top of Ramblas, we went to the door, a lady in a long black coat was a doorperson, we had looked at the menu outside and proceeded to enter Nuria as the prices were very reasonable, as we approached, the lady said we could go in a side entrance???? It was actually a glass door 2 feet to the left! So up the stairs we went and into the restaurant, shown to a table, there was only about 8 people in and checked the menu. To our shock the prices were double to the menu outside advertised. Me and my girlfriend decided to walk out, we got back outside the restaurant and the doorlady asked if we wanted to eat downstairs, she got told what to do!!! When looking back at the restaurant facade you could see the restaurant we were taken to was actually called Barco (sp) She had obviously been told to try and get peple into the more expensive restaurant first! So beware. But that was the only downer on an otherwise fantastic place and that was minor. English style bars were few and far between, Irish pub prices...you're looking at around 11 euros for 2 pints!!! After that we drank in the Hard Rock on Placa Catalunya, 7 euros for 2 pints. Nice one.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>Watson75
<Content>Wonderful location Booked this hotel via CentralR.com. Its a lovely hotel in a really central setting. It is situated just behind the Liceu Theatre, almost next to the Boqeria market, which is a must see. It is about 5 minutes walk to the centre of Las Ramblas where you will immediately notice Joan Miro's mosaic on the ground. There is a metro station there which will take you direct to the Sagrada Familia. Otherwise, everything is within walking distance. We were very happy there. The staff were very helpful. If you don't want to eat breakfast there, there are many places nearby where you can get lovely filled rolls and coffee and fresh orange juice very cheap. There are loads of shops very near to the hotel. Its a quiet area, we felt safe there. The hotel was very quiet except for the odd person coming home late and slamming doors at night. We would stay here again and can recommend it to anyone. Its location is so central, almost on the Ramblas, but much quieter. Our room and bathroom were very clean and modern. You have to pay 2.50 euro per day to use the safe in the room which should be free!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DCN
<Content>Nearly perfect - look no further       bar behind the Boqueria Market; the little clothes boutique is great there too  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	3	

<Author>The-C-Girl
<Content>Great value, great staff, great location...great everything! I have stayed at this hotel a number of times now. Its in a great location, really central, just off La Rambla. We have always been allocated really great rooms. Two times we have been given rooms with their own terrace at no extra cost. Breakfast is available at the hotel and there is a great deal of choice, it is really good value. Our breakfast was included in the cost we paid. Its really clean and the staff are friendly and are always helpful whether you want to know how to get to a particular place or are simply looking for a bar or restaurant. The hotel has free internet access. It does not have a restaurant or a bar but with all the bars and restaurants in Barcelona who wants to stay in their hotel anyway!? I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for affordable, inexpensive, clean and modern accommodation in Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Boyd08
<Content>Hotel Principal - Fantastic Hotel I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Principal with my new husband. We were visiting Barcelona for a short break to see the sights and i had previously booked a higher star rated hotel and changed last-minute as we realised it was quite far out from the centre. I booked this hotel based on the previous reviews and i am so glad i did!!!We got a taxi direct to the hotel for around 25 euros, we arrived 2 hours before check-in and although our room wasn't ready we were able to leave our luggage in a side room and asked to come back an hour later (so still earlier than we were supposed to check-in). La Rambla is less than a 5 minute walk and is really the centre of going anywhere in Barcelona.We returned and got the key to our room, where we were so pleasantly surprised, the room/bed/sheets were spotless as was the bathroom with an amazing power shower, some toiletries, clean towels (which were changed every day) and a hairdryer. We had a TV with lots of channels, altho the only English speaking channel was CNN, but who cares, you're not there for the tv!! You have free access to internet in the hotel, they have 2 or 3 PC's which you can use at anytime and vending machines, for drinks/snacks/neccessities.They have a buffet breakfast from 7.30-10.30, for about 7 euros, we never had this but it looked lovely and fresh. The hotel is totally non-smoking, I do smoke but i either went out to the front of the hotel where they had ashtrays or up to the terrace on the roof. The hotel knew we had recently married and they left us a bottle of champagne in our room on the first night with a note to say it was a present to us from the hotel, we were totally overwhelmed as we actually honeymooned in a 5star+ hotel in Mexico and didn't even get so much as a congratulations so it was lovely to have that little caring touch.At the top of the street that the hotel is on there is a little bar/cafe on corner, i think it's called Zanzibar or something similar, the sncks were lovely, and they do the most amazing mohitos. Was lovely to come back after a day of sightseeing and sit there and relax and people watch.I would definitly recommend doing the 2 day Turistic bus tours which run on red/blue/circle routes. The best way to see all of Barcelona in a nut shell - costs 20 E for 1 day or 26E for 2 days, you can buy tickets from Placa Catalyan which is a square at the top of La Rambla, you will see the buses/tour guides when you go up there. My husband and I also had the best meal of our lives at Shoko, a Japanese restaurant down at Port Olympic, we got the Blue Route bus and got off at Po Ol, you will see it from the main road if you go back on yourself, it's tucked in behind the casino. Food amazing and gorgeous setting/atmosphere. We both had starters/mains and i had dessert and a bottle of wine for around 80E but definitly worth it :) Overall, we loved it, there are lots of pickpockets around but if you're aware of them it's fine, we never had any problems although we did see 2 men being pickpocketed, but they had left their bags on the ground and open wide, think they were also locals as we tried to explain to them what had happened and they didn't understand. Just make sure you keep your bags closed/zipped and in front of you and it's fine.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>KiwiGirl2007
<Content>Much Better Than It's 2 Star Rating! We stayed here during August and had a great experience. The rooms were immaculate and modern - our room was air conditioned, and the bathroom was clean (with a great shower). The hotel also has free internet access, which is an added bonus.The location is brilliant - just off the Ramblas.The only downside is that it is quite noisy - we were woken early both mornings by the cleaners outside our room. This hotel is great value for money - much better than it's two star official rating would otherwise suggest and I would definately recommend staying here!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>V2008
<Content>Great value We booked through the website and so got a great deal. Its close to Las Ramblas and the train station which makes it easy to get to. Would definately recomment it if you want to stay close to the action. The room was clean and the free internet was great!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Canadian45
<Content>Great location good staff, two blocks from the Mercato, in a bit of a rougher part of town. I'd suggest the other side of the Rambla.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>omefromhomeholidays
<Content>great vaule hotel in Barcelona We stayed at the Hotel Principal 20-22nd august 2008. Booked two rooms: twin - 2 queen size beds, spacious room; double - 1 queen sized bed, small room but had balcony looking out onto internal courtyard. However, hotel offers exceptional value for money for Barcelona, 66 euros night - booked directly on hotel website. Good location (just off Ramblas), clean and welcoming; rooms had air con, tv and were spotless. Free internet access - which pleased the teenagers in our party. Fabulous roof terrace for those looking for some peace and quiet in a busy city. The Staff were very courteous and helpful; I had a birthday during our stay and they very kindly left bottle of champange in room. Would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>MrNMrs_H
<Content>Clean hotel, central location My husband  I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Principal in Barcelona. It is a clean hotel that's situated a few minutes walk from Las Ramblas  a metro station  offers free internet access. Our room was cleaned  towels changed daily  the bed linen also got changed once during our stay. The room was not very big, had a small balcony  a decent sized bathroom but the shower cubicle was tiny (though since being home I've seen a review by someone who said there's was massive!). I'd emailed ahead to ask for a balcony room  got a reply saying I'd to enquire on arrival at the hotel  it would be 10 Euros per night extra, we never enquired  just got it at no extra cost. There is an ample sized sun terrace on top of the hotel from which you can view the neighbours sleeping in a morning outside on their mattresses (ha ha). The hot  cold buffet breakfast was 7 Euros extra, we only went once, it was handy and filled a hole. The only real downsides were the fact that the cleaners started (too) early and the bottle bins were emptied even earlier, so if you're thinking of having a late night  a lie in, forget it! All in all, we paid 拢200 for 3 nights at a city hotel that was clean  centrally located, apart from the lack of lie in I guess we can't really grumble at that!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>katinahat
<Content>Great value but one small prob My friends and I stayed here for a long weekend in August. The rooms were very clean, spacious and cool (great air con). In fact, well above the 2 star quality we were expecting. We had two rooms, one twin (with two 3/4 double beds) and one single (same size bed). The only problem was the very noisy corridors. So in both rooms we were woken up by people coming in at 2-3am (well it is Barcelona) and again at 8am by the cleaners chatting outside our doors. We soon discovered that both rooms were next to the cleaners' cupboard - so would recommend that you ask for a room away from these! Otherwise a great stay, really handy location (slightly grimy but we never felt unsafe at all) and well priced.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>swalker123
<Content>Please...don't be put off by location! I have just been to BCN for 5 days, from 21st to 26th Aug 2008. When i was researching hotels back in May I used trip advisor and looked at web sites showing the local area. Now, the hotel is in Raval, known as the 'red light' district of Barca. I was hesitant to book the hotel but in the end I am sooo glad i did. Sorry this review is so long but i wanted it to be honest and thorough)THE AREA: Excellent for getting around the city. it is right in the heart of the city. The hotel is on the doorstep of LIceu metro station which will take you around town. Outside on la Rambla is a very easy to use bus system, the number 59 takes you direct to the beach. Very close to bars, resturants, cafes etc...all very handy when you find you are eating out most nights and walking home after a heavy meal. Although the hotel is pretty much on las ramblas it is very easy to take a stroll (5 mins walk) to other areas, such as Placa Reial to eat and there are excellent little boutique shops on C/ de Ferran (spelling?). When you come out of Liceu station the first thing you will notice is the smell. BCN does smell, especially in the older parts like Barrio Gotic, Cuitat Veilla, Raval, the beach etc. I don't know why this is (drains, Iave been told) but you get used to it and it isn't all that bad. It's worth staying in these areas because you would miss out on so many cultural experiences otherwise. Secondly you notice the prostitutes. Yes, you heard right, but they are not blatant about what they are doing and definitely not 'slutty' or anything. In fact, most of them are so discreet until someone told me what to look for I missed them. They look like they are just hanging around with their friends, so don't worry about it being a problem if you have children and are staying in that area, it really isn't offensive. HOTEL: Fantastic! We stayed in room 326, a superior room, which we booked with breakfast. This was back in may sometime and cost around 拢535. the room was very clean, nicely decorated and spacious, defeinitely big enough for two adults. I would say that perhaps it would not be big enough for a family with young children, particularly more than one child because the furniture is quite large. The room had an IKEA style sofa bed (good for children to sleep on) and a chair. Rooms also had tea making facilities, and cleaners change the cups daily. The cleaners did come rather early, (around 7-8am) but that's typical of all hotels really. The wardrobe is a double, but a small one, but there is plenty of drawer space and a shoe rack. My only qualm is the bathroom. The door is large and when fully open gets in the way of the toilet and so is quite tricky to access. That's all really. the bathroom is very clean, and newly decorated with marble worktops and clean white suits. The staff were very helpful as well, especially as we didn't check until 1am. I no I probably sound like an advert but i was very impressed with the hotel given that it is only a two star. If anyone wants to email me with questions i will be happy to help.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bec82
<Content>Great Location, Clean and Comfortable Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed here for a long weekend in August. It was really easy to get to from the airport and in a great central location for all Barcelona activities.The side street the hotel is located on is not as dismal as other reviewers state - it's quite clean actually. The hotel itself is very clean and friendly. The staff were really nice and helpful. Our room was on the small side, but it was very clean, the bathroom was great and we had a cute little balcony. All in all this was a great find for the price. We didn't have breakfast included, but there were plenty of nice bakeries around to grab something on our way out.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mgplanner
<Content>Not a bad option A friend and I stayed at Hotel Principal in Barcelona in July 2008. The location of this hotel is very central, smack in the centre of the tourist trail (las ramblas etc). Room was very nice, spotlessly clean, great bathroom and even had things like radio and a T.V. Other positives were: free internet access and a decent breakfast (for whcih you have to pay extra). Down side: the approach road to the hotel is less than ideal and a bit too much in the middle of the trashy tourist trail. you would be better off staying in the El Born area- which is both central and classsy. overall, this hotel is very good value for money.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	2	3	4	

<Author>Kiwigal000
<Content>Good value We booked a room for two adults and our 12 year old daughter. We were in room 421 which was very spacious and looked over the street. It looked like a bigger and nicer room than many of the others I saw open. After a month of staying in 3 star hotels in Europe, we found this one the most luxurious and best value. Definitly more like a 4 star.There was a tv, tea  coffee facilities, lovely big bathroom with some toiletries provided. The beds were comfortable. Everything looked very new and clean, with very pleasant decor. The reception staff spoke English and were very helpful. The full buffet breakfast was very nice, as was the dining room. There were also laptops and internet to use free of charge. The hotel was very central - just off the middle of the famous La Ramblas street that everyone visits, and close to lots of shops and restaurants. I had been a bit concerned before we went that some people thought the area was seedy, but it did not seem any different to other back streets in central Barcelona. We were happy with it as it was great to be so central. It was also very easy and cheap to get there from the airport - we caught the airport bus from just outside the airport (4 euros each) to the last stop in town, then walked for 10 minutes down La Ramblas to the hotel street. I would also recommend the Bus turistic open top double decker, hop on hop off, bus for seeing the whole city easily and at your own pace. It is also very easy to catch a train for half an hour to the seaside resort of Sitges. We had a lovely stay at Hotel Principal and loved the beautiful city of Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leon-Inic
<Content>hotel situated next to rambla We have just returned from a 9 day vacation in Barcelona - we were a family of six.. The weather is fantastic, nice but not too hot. The hotel though situated in a run down street is very nice and clean from the inside. The bathroom and beds were always very clean, and towels changed daily. We were not impressed by the breakfast and opted to have a light snack outside hotel. The open air market so close to hotel is very convenient, especially if you like fruit. The hotel is practically on the Rambla and the metro station is very close. Hotel staff are very helpful and can speak some English. The free internet service is also very convenient. Beware of pick pocketing - we were robbed twice! Pay extra attention if you decide to take the Barcelona sight seeing bus as this is an excellent target for pickpockets. Overall we had a good time in Barcelona and enjoyed our stay at the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>antoniamrgn
<Content>good base for barcelona I stayed at this hotel on the 4th july to 7th of july.Firstly i emalied requesting a quiet room,which i did receive and with a balcony,i didnt find no promblems with noise ect,Rooms were spotless and basic which is just what we were after.Bathrooms really modern no bath but shower was fine and i didnt encounter any promblems with water temperature,I am really funny when it comes to booking and staying in hotels and i am a trip advisor addict and i can honestly say this is a good base 4 barcelona we were never in are room so to wash sleep it was a excellent choice.plus free internet is really handy.There are also 3 vending machines in hotel for crisp chocolate,water,ect really handy 4 late at night.Hotel is situated just off the ramblas 5mins walk there are 2 supermarkets to the left of teh hotel which are great for alcohol,food toiletries bread,ice cream.There is a street bar at the end on the right which has great sandwiches,drinks for half the price compared to on the ramblas.I was charged more than i had thought as they add a 7% tax which i thought was included so a little tip just ring up and confirm price and ask if this is including tax,this was my only promblem i encountered.I didnt have breakfast as we were out and about so couldnt comment on this overall good clean friendly hotel.TIPSwalk down side streets and you will get drinks food for half the price on the ramblas.walk down to port big shopping outlet great views great restraunts and good prices.I didnt witness no crime but i was very careful always held bag in front of me always walked with crowds when walked off the ramblas,plus my boyfriend had a body bag under pants with passports money in.I feel if you are careful wary and not blatent with money belongings you will be fine.Definitly take the bus touristic really good 20 euros for 1 day 26 euros for 2.It takes you to bercelonas ground,gaudis catherdral and lots of other attractions there are 2 buses do both ,tickets is for all day.on the whole barcelona was a lovely break really expensive but if u just budget and search for little pubs restraunts of the ramblas you will be fine.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>dibbledog
<Content>Central location modernised rooms We went to this hotel recently for my husband's 40th. Hotel has recently been modernised. We were pleasantly surprised. Clean rooms, modern bathroom. We found room to be quiet at night. Did not have the breakfast so could not comment. The location was ideal although we tended to eat and drink on the other side of La Ramblas in the gothic quarter, where there are some lovely little restaurants and bars, which was much nicer. We did a Fat Tire Bike Tour which we would highly recommend to see some of the sights and have a bit of a laugh and the guys who run the tour are very knowledgeable on the history of the city and we learnt a lot - even give you time for a stop on the beach for lunch and some sangria!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jcharmers
<Content>Builing work going on avoid this hotel!! Just got back from a fab weekend in Barcelona, we stayed at the HOTEL PRINCIPAL, the hotel is perfectly situated in a street just off La Rambles. The Hotel was really clean but they are doing building work at the moment so be PREPARED TO BE WOKEN UP AT 9AM IN THE MORNING, DUE TO PLASTER BEING HACKED OFF THE WALLS!!!!!!I did complain but was told it needed to be done. I would definately return to Barcelona but not to the HOTEL PRINCIPAL reception were really rude.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	1	4	

<Author>AnneandCliff
<Content>Warmly recommended Don't be put off by surroundings. Although this hotel is surrounded by rather shabby streets, inside it is modern, comfortable and well equipped. Staff are friendly and helpful and buffet breakfast is excellent. Although close to Las Ramblas, we had a very quiet room looking over a courtyard. A kettle, cups and teabags are provided but take your own powdered milk if you drink your tea without sugar!We would certainly return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>stephentwist
<Content>great location If you are spending a few days in Barcelona and want to be in the centre of things, this hotel is for you. Clean, well run, secure, modernised bedrooms with first class ensuite shower room. Internet access in the foyer is also excellent. Our deal did not include breakfast, so we ate at the coffee shop the next street down in C/Carme or at Vitaminas C/Hospital 81: ask for the bacadillo with avocado and cheese to take out! Just along the road is Bibiloteca (Junta de Comerce 28): the most divine restaurant, and across the road is Organica: worth a visit if you like really fresh organic food. The other great benefit of this hotel is the proximity of the covered market. The only down-side is noise. As with most hotels in Barcelona, at night you have to take street noise in your stride.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RichDar
<Content>Great Hotel and Location We stayed here 4 nights after a wonderful Transatlantic from Galveston to Barcelona on RCI Voyager of the Seas.The hotel is clean and about a block to the Ramblas. It looked like the bathroom was recently updated. Breakfast was included and offered a variety including scrambled eggs, bacon, fruit, and pastry. The staff was friendly and helpful with tourist info. We would come back to the Principal. Hotel is in an area that looks intimidating, my wife and I had no problems getting around. Kept our money, passports and cards in neck pouch.We did the Hop on Tourist Bus for 2 days enjoyed Gaudi. Took the Metro, Train and Cable car on a day trip to Montserrat Monastery about 65 miles away-highly recommend going. Get an earlier start than us, we started at 10:30 am, would have liked more time there. I had been to Barcelona in 1970 and 80 when in the Navy. Lot more tourists there now from Europe and like everything more expensive. Find places away from Ramblas to eat, more authentic, better quality and less expensive.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MisterTom
<Content>Great hotel, perfect location, fair price. My wife and I stayed 5 days at this hotel based on recommendations on Trip Advisor. I agree with all the other reviews. It was clean, neat, recently modernized, etc. The water was off one morning for an hour, so no shower until after breakfast, but otherwise no issues with the room. Breakfast was more than sufficient. Location was excellent, 2 blocks off the middle of Las Ramblas, on the edge a of a somewhat seedy neighborhood, but that was not a problem. Front desk was very helpful, open 24 hours and spoke English. One day the three computers didn't work but i was invited into the office to use a computer there. Other guests ran the gambit of international travelers of all ages and nationalities. Avoid the restaurants on Las Ramblas as they cater to the tourist crowd, we generally walked around north and east of Plaza de Catalunyas and discovered great restaurants. The front desk warned us of pickpockets, and there were right. A technique is to ask you for the time or to get right into your face so that you have to raise your hands to look at your watch or fend off someone, hence leaving your wallet approachable. Take heed, have fun. Pickpockets are a problem in any major tourist city, and I was glad to have been forewarned by the hotel staff. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>baldric8
<Content>Great Hotel We picked this hotel after reading the reviews from other guests and we were very pleased. The location is first class and as a budget hotel it really is difficult to find fault with it. The rooms are clean , new and well appointed. The free internet service is excellent and the breakfast more than adequate. I would recommend this to anybody.Beware of the prices of the cafe's on Las Ramblas - the 4 of us had a baguette and beer for lunch and it cost us more than 80 euros and the baguette hardly had any filling.Don't eat at the famous Los Caracoles restaurant - they are living off their reputation. It is both very expensive and extremely poor food. Just don't go there otherwise you will leave feeling extremely ripped off.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>IrishLouise
<Content>Great location and excellent value       Room view  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Jensjeremies
<Content>A more perfect location couldn't be found!! My partner and I are just back from 3 nights in Hotel Principal, Barcelona. I booked the hotel after reading reviews from this site. When we arrived in Barcelona we got the Airport bus into Plaza de Catalunya. The bus was cheap and very quick. We didn't really know where the hotel was although they had provided directions with the booking. But with luggage etc we decided to get a taxi. Plaza de Catalunya is right at the top of Las Ramblas which we could look down. We were smiling when the taxi turned into Las Ramblas because that meant our hotel was central. The hotel is off hospital street, I think it's the 1st or 2nd street off it. Literally 2-3 minutes walk from Las Rambles. The benefit of being a street away is that we couldn't hear any noise from the main tourist area (if there was any). The hotel was very clean and quite modern. The room we had was large with a double bed and a single bed. modern bathroom with powerful shower (always V important!), plenty of storage space and a safety deposit box. The staff were very friendly and helpful. There is even FREE internet access!! Great if you want to check your flight is on time. We were able to leave our luggage with the hotel as we had an evening flight. Breakfast wasn't included in the booking but we paid for it one day - It was good by City Break standards, hot and cold buffet for about 鈧?. The rooms also had air conditioning for those hot summer days and nights. The hotel is very close the metro stop Liceu (On Las Ramblas 2-3 mins)(green Line). The food market is about two streets up. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hotel Principal and would recommend it to anyone. Barcelona in general is quite expensive for hotels but this was reasonable and the location and facilities were perfect.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>popsider
<Content>Good hotel, great location, helpful staff This is a very good hotel in a great location - just off La Rambla. It's obviously been refurbished recently and was very clean, smart and modern. It was really useful having the use of the free internet terminals downstairs - good for checking on the weather and for confirming our flights home. If you're a light sleeper I'd recommend trying to avoid getting a room on the main street as it's a bit noisy. Having said that, we asked if it was possible to be moved and the reception staff helped us out very quickly and got us a room at the back, which was a lot quieter. Our room was quite small but you don't go on holiday to stay in your room all day do you?  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amycran
<Content>Good value for money My friend and I stayed at this hotel over Easter in 2008. We are both in our mid 20s and booked the hotel through a travel agent. We were really pleased with the hotel.Location:Very well located, off a side street, close to La Rambla. I would recommend organising a pre-arranged airport transfer however, as our taxi-driver from the airport dropped us some distance from the hotel and we had to walk around to find it.Hotel:Generally well run, clean and organised with a 24 hour check in desk. The service level is good overall. The receptionists all speak English and are friendly. They don't go out of their way to give advice on restaurants etc, but there are maps and brochures available.Breakfasts:Nice hot and cold breakfasts available at the ground floor restaurant. The restaurant itself is basic but it is clean with a good selection of buffet-style food (eggs, bacon, toast, cereals, pastries, fruit).Rooms:Our room was a standard double room on the 3rd floor with 2 single beds and a bathroom. The room was pleasant and modern, and had some atmosphere too which was nice. There was a good sized wardrobe, a safe, and also a set of drawers. We had a TV but no fridge/minibar. However, there are a lot of small corner-stores nearby so we bought some water and snacks for the room easily. The bathroom had a bath and shower, with one towel each. The rooms have daily house-keeping service and are very clean. Our room opened onto a small communal patio which was nice. There is also air-con. We found the noise level from the hotel corridor to be a little bit invasive, but nothing too bad.Overall:We thought this hotel was very good value for money. I went on to recommend the hotel to a close friend who is going to Barcelona with her brother.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mps31
<Content>Excellent hotel Excellent stay in this hotel. Seems as if it should be 3*. Lovely room with two queensized beds, good bathroom and everywhere spotlessly clean. Quiet despite close proximity ot Ramblas. Very helpful staff at desk. Breakfast was excellent - wide choice of hot and cold dishes and replenished regularly. definitely stay there again and recommend to others.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fiftyBentley
<Content>your principal hotel for a great stay Because I booked a last minute with a low cost airline company al the cheaper deals for a hotel were gone. However via hotel.club.net we managed to book a double at the Hotel Principal for 204 euro's including breakfast and I have been pleasantly surprised about the quality of the hotel. For 204 euro's I have been in worse hotels. Some hotel in Paris, the name eludes me,charged 350 for a two days stay.The location of the Hotel is great. Situated just of the Rambla in a nice and quiet street within walking distance of the plaza Catalunya, Gothic Neighborhood and of course la Rambla. The staff were really friendly and had great suggestions about things to do and to see and because we caught a really early flight we were at the check in at the hotel at 9 o clock and they already let us check in, which was great so we could take a shower and do a quick nap.I am not that fussy about the type of room I stay in size wise but it has to be clean and especially the bathroom. The hotelroom was not that big, but it was nice and clean with , laminated floors? I am not that big a fan of carpet on the floors as rooms with carpet do tend to get a bit musty. The bathroom was really spacious and though it did not have bath, had wonderful shower and it was nice and clean. ( People who have lived in student houses probably can appreciate a nice a shower) The only minus point which I can think of is the fact that on the first day we did not have enough towels only two small ones.But he I guess we could have asked for some more.In summary I would definately recommend this hotel for everybody  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>energyflash72
<Content>Very good. Clean, modern, lovely breakfasts. Fantastic location. Had a great time staying there - only gripe was the cleaners making so much noise every morning along the hallway. But other than that - a great hotel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>steve049
<Content>great little hotel Just returned from a 3 night stay, excellent choice, everything spot on . location good hotel spotless breakfast great, rooms little small but never in em only to sleep. Dont eat on the ramblas to expensive, find the cava bar by the port side street, cava flowing bottle for 2 only 3 euros and a all you can eat buffet on the street ajoining ramblas by the gaudi bit further down.In general spent a fortune its not cheap barcelona but you have to spend when there cause theres loads to do, see ya next year,  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jieisto
<Content>Above our expecations.. We decided to choose this hotel after we had read so many good comments about it from the Internet. We stayed there for three nights. Hotel Principal is above our expectation. Our sleeping room is very clean and bright. The bath room is big. The shower cabin inside the bath room is cool, but the glass door of the shower cabin is a little bit broken...WIFi internet at the room works very well. The hotel is only 5 minuters away from Liceu Metro station. Do not recommend taking the taxi that called by the hotel staff!! The hotel staff told us its very cheap to take the taxi to the north station. But the taxi driver actually charged us 14EUR for driving us there. 8EUR+2EUR (2xbaggage fee)+4EUR(additional fee to the north station) We were going to catch the early flight shuttle bus to the Girona airport at 8:00 this morning. According to the taxi driver that it is not possible to buy the ticket on the bus during weekend, and all the ticket offices open at 9:00 only. He 'kindly' offered his help for driving us to the airport instead so that we would not miss our flight. We felt its suspicious about what he said and turned down his suggestion. Later on, it was not difficult for us to find the ticket office which was already open in the north station. Imagine if we believed what the taxi driver said..we would spend at least 120EUR on this trip!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>McGuvs
<Content>Excellent ! from Darren  Stayed here last week, and found the Hotel to be perfectly placed only 100 yards from Las Rambles, didnt hear any noise at all, quiet, very clean, nice room, a little small but then only slept and changed there so not a problem at all.As to Barcelona .....Fantastic, could not of had a better time, what a city it is buzzin with style,class,architecture,cafes,shops,etc etc etc .Would i go back ?.....you betcha, would i stay here again ? absolutley. If your thinking of a city break in barcelona you will find that the Principal is ideal.Happy Holiday.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sdorling
<Content>Great Central Location       View from balcony  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Truska
<Content>Excelent price/quality ratio       Room 1  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>HoboProf
<Content>Nice Place This is a clean, reasonably priced hotel in a great location. it's just off La Ramblas and a short walk to the Metro and/or the official tourist buses of Barcelona. The staff was friendly and helpful. Free computers and internet access available. The room was a bit on the small size, and the television was horrible, but then again you're in Barcelona and probably shouldn't be sitting in the room all day anyway. :-)  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>chris1107
<Content>Excellent Experience I stayed in the Hotel Principal for the last week of November 2007. I had an excellent experience in this hotel. In fact it probably should be a 3 star rating instead of 2. I had a single room which was very comfortable and clean. This may be the first time I stayed in a hotel and did not experience ambient noise coming from adjacent rooms. The only issue for me was people arriving late at night and not having any consideration while in the hallways. But that鈥檚 another story.The hotel is a short walk to La Rambla and almost every sight in the old city and L鈥橢xiample is accessible from the metro . The breakfast -at 8 euros extra per day- is a western style buffet (eggs, toast, coffee etc...). Liceu metro stop is a short walk away on La Rambla and the marina can be reached on foot in less than 10 minutes. Warning: WATCH YOUR WALLET. Barcelona is rampant with pick pocketing thieves. Sadly, I was a victim of this while riding the metro (the last day of my trip). When I went to the police office to report the theft, there was a line of people who also shared similar stories with me. I also witnessed a theft while sitting inside a bus. You鈥檝e been warned!The hotel also has a nice rooftop terrace with ample seating. The outdoor bar/caf茅 at the end of the street is a nice convenience for the weary tourist at the end of the day. However I would avoid the restaurant across the street from the bar. There are many better options a short walk away.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Richb2004
<Content>Good hotel in great location This is an overall good hotel. It is less than a two minute walk to the Ramblas, which is the centre of Barcelona. The hotel is quite and clean. The staff werre all helpfull and friendly. There was three free internet PC's in the lobby. We did not try the breakfast and instead ate outside. The room did have a kettle and tea making facilities. The TV had two English speaking News channels. I would stay there again as the price and locatin are very good.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>SED77
<Content>Cheap and cheerful hotel Considering the hotel is only a 2 star, we were pleasantly pleased with the place. It was literally just a few moments walk from Las Ramblas and the Gothic area. The only down side to this hotel, which can easily be rectified with a travel kettle, is there was no coffee/tea maker etc... I quite like to be able to have a coffee in the morning before going for breakfast! We weren't booked in for breakfast, but there were plenty of places around the hotel. I would suggest hanging around the Gothic area mostly for bars/restaurants and cafes, as Las Ramblas is very expensive and I wasn鈥檛 too impressed, mainly by the rude service. I have been going to Spain since I was a child, some 30 years and actually lived there for 5, so if you speak Spanish from Valencia, don鈥檛 bother here as you may end up having an ashtray thrown down on your table as I did, amongst other things! Hey ho, I still really enjoyed the city and the hotel is a great base to start. The Metro is also only a few minutes walk away and I would definatley recommend the hop-on, hop-off travel bus. Very easy to use and cheap too!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tom057
<Content>Very Good Hotel Hotel is in very good location, close to Ramblas and the Port, shops and transport.Room was very clean, air con was excellent. Self service breakfast was very good, and staff we found to be friendly and helpful. Room was cleaned every morning by friendly staff.Shower and bathroom very good. Would recommend and would certainly stay there again  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelicious84
<Content>Can't go wrong Excellent hotel stayed there for two nights occupying a triple room. I can't say anything bad about this hotel at all. Service was excellent we did not have enough towels the day we arrived and we received them in about 5 mins. Breakfast buffet was included in the deal, again excellent value for money and lots of choice. I was a bit worried about some of the reviews saying that the breakfast was not all that and the so called shady area. I'm not sure what people definition of shady is but i did not find this area shady at all and i was a part of group of three girls and we had absolutly no problems during the day and early hours of the morning. In regards to the breakfast if you want convenience then it is def worth it and like i mentioned good quality (well i happily stuffed my face). Location was also very good relativly easy to find altho you may need to ask for directions but people are more then friendly in helping and there is a station nearby to the hotel like 5 mins away. Only thing i have to say to be wary of which is nothing to do with the hotel. Is pickpockets who are rife in Barcelona and i had two not so good experiences with them. There are however safe's available in the rooms which i did not use and looking back probably should of. All in all tho very good experience with this hotel and if i was to go back i would book with this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Caprice611
<Content>Excellent Location, Good Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed here from October 20-24th. We're in our late 20's and wanted to do a lot of sightseeing and stay at a decent, relatively inexpensive, very conveniently located hotel. This hotel was perfect. We booked at otel dot com and it worked out to about $160 USD/night including buffet breakfast.Room and Check-In:We arrived at the hotel at 10 am after our cruise and were very surprised that our room was ready. We stayed in room 331 (3rd floor) and it was compact and had a view of a wall (ok since we were hardly there). The important items in the room were a hair dryer, safe, no alarm clock (but wake up calls were fine), flat screen tv, kettle, shampoo (not very good quality so bring your own).Location:Excellent! This was the reason we stayed here. If you're coming from the airport (buy a T10 - 10 trips for $6.90 euros or $1.25 euros per single ticket), take the Renfe train to Placa de Catalunya (20 minutes) and you can either walk down La Rambla (10 minutes) or transfer to the metro and go to Liceu station (2-3 minute walk). Either option, you want to turn right on Carrer de Hospital and turn left 2 blocks down on Junta Del Comerc. Once you turn the corner, you'll see the hotel. You're about 2 blocks (3 minute walk) from the closest metro stop and the subway is very easy to use. You can also walk to most places including Mercat de la Boqueria (5 minutes), Catedral de Barcelona (10 minutes) , Museu Picasso (15 minutes), Placa de Catalunya (10 minutes) where most of the good shopping starts as you head further up.Amenities/Service:Not very many as this is a 2 star hotel and service was ok (although dining room employees were very nice). Free internet on the main floor (3 terminals) was excellent. The service/hospitality from the front desk employees is seriously lacking. On a few occassions, the front desk employees didn't speak English well at all and if they could, they didn't have answers to my questions.Buffet breakfast:Very good selection and fills you up for a good day of sight seeing. Selections included scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, croissants, toast, selection of hams and cheeses, yogurt, cereal, milk, coffee, and teas.Restaurant recommendations:-Comerc 24 (take the subway to Arc de Triomf) - had the tasting menu for about $60 euros/person (wine extra). Very creative and tasty dishes.-Cal Pep (near Museu Picasso/walking distance) - very tasty tapas including calamari and sausages for around $10 euros each tapa-Can Majo (take the subway to Barceloneta or walk 30 minutes) - best seafood paella at $14 euros/person-El Cellar de Can Roca (in Girona, 1 hour by train) - 11th best restaurant in the world this year. Tasting menu was around $80 euros and was truly a memorable and delicious experience. Girona is also a very lovely city to explore.-do not eat on La Rambla as it is overpriced and the food quality is ok-Pans is a fast food type sandwich place (all over and one on La Rambla) - good choice if you're in a hurry or want something relatively cheap ($4 euros for a footlong ham and brie sandwich)Shopping Recommendations:-Zara, HM, Mango, Sfera are all on Passeig de Gracia-soccer jerseys can be found in many stores along La Rambla and all over as well as Nike and FCB (the official Barca store). There's one at the airport too for your last chance to buy one.Other notes:-we stayed at Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya for one night before our cruise (4 star, much better hotel, but away from the touristy sights). Booked at HotelsRUs dot com for $176 USD/night including an excellent buffet breakfast-take a taxi to the cruise terminal (we walked 2 miles from the bottom of La Rambla)I'm happy to answer any questions at caprice611 at hotmail dot com.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flaxy
<Content>Great location for main sights. We arrived late in the early hours after 5 hour delay to flight. Hotel is not set in very pretty surroundings but inside the hotel lobby is bright and welcoming.We received prompt attention from english speaking staff on the desk.I had requested a no smoking room both via Hotel website and on website of 3rd party company we booked through (Last Minute . com).However while walking to our room we could smell that this clearly wasnt a no smoking part of hotel. On entering our room it had no traces of smoke and as we were so tired we went straight to bed rather than demand another room.The room turned out to be a good one (130) as it was tucked away from lift, doorways or other noisy thorouhfares in the hotel. It also overlooked the front with a balcony (not used as weather too cold) which was a mixed blessing....you could hear the binmen emptying the recycling bins just below room at night.Noise was NOT an issue on the whole...is there any hotel near Las Ramblas which doesnt have some degree of noise? If you stay in the centre of any city you must surely expect some noise.Breakfast was fine (we had read some previous comments on Trip Advisor which had not been favourable but we found it adequate and handy to use before a day's sightseeing !! )Room was very comfortable with new features. Just what we wanted to rest in between walking round sights.Lift was small and NO access to stairs which was annoying as it meant wasting time waiting for lift to go 1 floor.The hotel's LOCATION is the key. Great value for money and close to Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya where tourist bus departs from (recommended).You can walk around centre of town easily from hotel so perfect location.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>appliepie2
<Content>Not a happy hotel experience This hotel is in the centre of Las Ramblas and only 2 minutes from the everything.However, please be warned that the hotel is behind a red light district so ladies please be careful when walking home late at night! As the hotel is situated down a run down ally it can be daunting walking late at night.The rooms are very basic but very clean, however we found the staff to be rude and could do with some customer service training. The service was very infantile and dated and we found the most basic of things we requested were denied. Do not expect room service or any luxuries - however the restaurant staff were extremely helpful and happy to help.There is also a roof terrace which we found out about on our last hour at the hotel which we could have enjoyed more if the 'helpful staff'' had informed their paying guests - the views from it are dreadful but worth it if you are looking at topping up your tan!!!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tabb
<Content>Thank goodness for Hotel Principal! After booking a room across the street at La Terrassa and finding that place to be quite uninhabitable, we popped into Hotel Principal to see if rooms were available. The first night we had an inside room for 70 euros, same price as the horrible, dirty, cramped La Terrassa, and although the Hotel Principal room was very small, it was perfectly clean and much more nicely furnished than La Terrassa. The next 3 nights we moved to an exterior room with balcony for 90 euros, much better size and very sunny and clean and nice. Great location, polite staff. Area didn't feel shady at all, it is so close to Las Ramblas and there are tons of people around, even when we came home at 4am. Of course, keep your wits about you, as you would in any big city. Walking distance to lots of good stuff!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dash_R
<Content>Excellent Hotel I stayed here for a long weekend in early September 2007. We were 2 couples and each of us got excellent rooms. Our room had no balcony but had a fantastic shower/bathroom (room 326) . Our friends had a balcony over looking the road and 2 double beds (room 321). The rooms were clean and very comfortable, and the air con was ice cold which was excellent given the temperatures we had, it has a lift also. The hotel has a few vending machines selling over priced water and snacks, but there are load of shops around, even a small supermarket about 6 houses down the road. The hotel has Wi-fi also, and free internet access via 3 pcs in the lobby. The hotel itself is about 2 mins walk to the middle of the Ramblas (home of the over priced beer and food), but if you head the other way you can eat great food at the fraction of the cost. I have read about the dodgey street on other reviews, but its no problem, we never felt threatened, always people about. The hotel has a 2* rating but I would think its more like a 3*. The only negative comment would be that it has no bar (but plenty around the hotel) and provides cups/kettle, but no tea bags/coffee milk etc, but its a moot point really. I reccommend this place for all.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>robbo1963
<Content>GREAT GREAT GREAT We stayed 3 nights in early september. We had a double room overlooking the street - very clean great little view over the street with the balcony. Suprisingly very quiet... I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. Great location so close to La Ramblas..... and the main square. Well done management and staff!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>adyrach
<Content>Fully recomend Hotel Prinipal We had a weekend break in June and stayed at the Hotel Principal Barcelona which I would fully recomend. This nice little hotel was very easy to find and is idealy situated being within very easy walking distance of las Ramblas where you'll find some really nice cafe's, bars, resturants, shops and local sites ect.. It is a small pleasant hotel with friendly helpfull staff. The rooms were clean and are of an average size ours had a small balcony which overlooked a quite street. My only complaint would have to be the breakfast the choice was limited and not of the best of tasting and the hot food was not particulay hot. But overall it served its purpose and we would definatly stay there again it was a basic but nice hotel to stay in while we enjoyed sightseeing in the Beautifull city of Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MerseysidePippa
<Content>Recommend the Principal My husband and I returned a week ago from a great trip to Barcelona where we stayed at the Principal. The room was spacious and clean and we had a small balcony overlooking the street. Staff were very helpful on the whole. The breakfast was good, cereal, croissants, bacon sausage scrambled egg, cheese, meat, juice etc. The area isn't the nicest but we never felt unsafe and I wouldn't let that put you off at all, in fact I felt more unsafe around the back streets of the Gothic area where someone tried to pick my husband's pocket! The hotel is in a good spot, very close to La Rambla and for access to the metro, also walking distance to Placa Catalunya where you can get the Tourist bus and bus to the airport. Would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jessandmatt
<Content>Nice hotel and location We stayed at this hotel from June 26th-29th. We arrived early and our room was ready for us to check in right away. The hotel room was a nice size, pleasant decor, nice wood floors and we also had a small balcony over looking the street that the hotel was on. There were two beds in our room, one double and a twin even although we did not need the second bed. The room and bathroom were always very clean and the rest of the hotel seemed to be as well. The staff seemed ok and were helpful when asked questions. The few times that we took a taxi they knew where the hotel was, so I guess we got lucky as I see others have had problems with that. The hotel was a very short walk to Las Ramblas, in walking distance to some of the major sites and easy access to the Placa de Catalunya where you can board the bus turistic. The beach (Barceloneta) on the other hand is a bit of a hike and we had to take a cab or the metro to Port Olympic because it was too far. All in all we were able to navigate nicely from the hotel.We are not able to comment on breakfast at the hotel b/c we chose to eat out for breakfast. There is a nice little place just down from the hotel, at the end of the street (if you take a left out of the hotel) that has a standing bar and we really liked the food and coffee, the market is near by or there are plenty of other places to sit down or grab something to eat or some great coffee. The street and area of the hotel is a bit shady but we did not have any problems with anyone on the streets. I would be careful in the large dept. store there, there are a lot of thiefs roaming around. We were actually followed by a really bad one for quite a while. He was so obvious (it was pathetic actually)....so he did not end up being a problem for us as we were on to him from the start. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel or stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>jrcroydon
<Content>Good Base in Barcelona Nice hotel, good location just off ramblas. Had twin room which was 2 double beds, although i dont think they all are. The new bathrooms are very nice. I agree the roads do look a bit creepy from ramblas to the hotel but never had any problems. The view from window is not great but i wasnt after a nice view. If you want a reasonably priced hotel with nice rooms and bathrooms, A/C and great location i think you will strugle to find better in Barceona.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AJH36
<Content>Hotee Principal  Just arrived back from a 3 night stay at this Hotel. Found it very clean quiet and comfortable. Our room was on the 4th floor. It was rather small but adequate but the view from the small balcony was not pleasant but as we were only there for a few days it did not bother us unduly. None of the taxi drivers seemed to know where this Hotel was so we use to carry a piece of headed note paper around so show them the address. It is up a very dodgy looking road but we did not experience any problems. Some of the reception and kitchen staff were very rude although the lady on the desk on the last day was very helpful when our taxi failed to appear. Don't bother with the breakfast for the 8 euros they charge you can get a much better one on Las Ramblas.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mikef99
<Content>Good combination of location and price Stayed at Hotel Principal for 2 nights after a cruise ending in Barcelona. Hotel was very new and clean inside, obviously recently renovated. We arrived quite early (9am) and had to wait about two hours (11am) for a room to be ready. Normal check-in time is 1pm so we appreciated them getting us a room early. They also have a large luggage room we could have left our bags in while we went out, but we didn't want to leave our stuff.Room was tiny - not much bigger than our interior stateroom from our cruise ship, but generally comfortable, and again new/clean. Air conditioning worked very well. Bathroom was large, with tub and shower, marble counters, etc.Hotel has free WiFi internet, plus two internet terminals in the lounge. Internet was flaky though, it worked about 75% of the time.Very short walk (maybe 5 minutes) to the center of Les Ramblas. The walk isn't exactly through pretty neighborhoods, but we never felt uncomfortable or unsafe. Location was just fine for us and we'd definitely consider the hotel again if we return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lauriecarol1
<Content>Clean, quiet, good air conditioning, secure surroundings, breakfast available This hotel is very nice. It is quiet, clean and most of the staff arepleasant. It is close to Las Ramblas, but the street on which it is located is a bit creepy. The walk to Las Ramblas is short, but many strange characters are there. The breakfast was adequate, but I felt it should be extended past 10:30 a.m.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Duderoo1975
<Content>Good budget hotel We stayed at the Hotel Principal for four nights, we where originally given a back room on the 4th floor (even though I had emailed them twice stating that this was out honeymoon and could we have a nice room and the confirmed this) I asked for a change to the front and a smoking room and they where fine with this. The hotel is a good budget hotel; we found the rooms very nice and the bathroom with nice showers cool. The view from the 1st floor wasn鈥檛 much but we enjoyed people watching or rather workmen watching, as the road outside was full of them and the noise was quite bad between 8am-6pm. The breakfast was ok, the usual Spanish meats and cheeses and some warm food was prepared and croissants and fruit (we got down early as the usual middle aged snobs turned up and caused an atmosphere).The location wasn鈥檛 bad, behind the hotel on the next street it is really rough with drunks, hookers, druggies and criminals, we made a mistake of walking down there looking for a night cap as the hotel has no bar and it wasn鈥檛 a pleasant experience, the caf茅 at the top of the road is very nice and cheap of snacks and drinks. Even though it was obviously a rough area we didn鈥檛 feel threatened at anytime but it wasn鈥檛 nice walking past drunks and druggies all day everyday.Overall it was a pleasant stay, the staff where friendly, the room was fine, the price wasn鈥檛 bad, and the food ok but the location isn鈥檛 a great asset. We would return if we decided in the future that Barcelona wasn鈥檛 over priced on everything and covered with graffiti.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Tiger_Totty
<Content>Great location, cost effective Hotel is down some side streets 5 minute walk away from the main street of La Rambla with its metro stop of Liceu - so you are within easy reach of the rest of the City via the metro. Location wise the hotel is great but during the night the side streets were a little daunting and saw a girl get her bag snatched 鈥?just keep your wits about you and you will have no problems. There are lots of lovely local bars and cafes near the hotel 鈥?much better value that those of on La Rambla 鈥?found lovely tapas bars and ate with the locals. Found one bar just down the street taking a right out of the hotel which was a good night and one lovely one set in the walled garden area found by walking out of the hotel taking a left and left again and there is a large wall opposite 鈥?go through the large gate and to the left is a lovely little outside bar area 鈥?kind of set in a walled garden area. Would advise taking a stroll in the opposite direction to La Rambla and exploring the area were you will stumble across the most wonderful bars and restaurants at much better value. Took a room on the fourth floor, room was nice and clean, laminate floors throughout and a wonderfully powerful shower, plasma TV 鈥?only downside was that the laminate floors meant that when the cleaners came round in the morning the noise from the corridor was greatly amplified. Breakfast was continental 鈥?ok 鈥?as I love a full English breakfast 鈥?not so keen on the sausage and egg provided as it wasn鈥檛 what I was used to so I got by on the tea and toast - but everyone seemed to be enjoying it - if you prefer something heartier then there are plenty of cafes around.Found the staff helpful and the taxi drivers knew where the hotel was so no trouble finding it. Over all I think I would stay here again, location was great and for the price the standard of furnishings and quality was top notch 鈥?would recommend.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>miliwalsh
<Content>Great location and value We've just returned from a 3 night stay in this hotel. The hotel was easy to find (we walked from where the airport bus stops at Plaza Catalunya, 10mins). The area looked a bit dodgy at first but other reviews had also said this. It turned out to be quite a busy area (all night) so never felt worried because there were always lots of people around. The hotel is on a small side street so no noise problems. The hotel itself is a great find. Shop around different search engines for the price because there are large diffeneces. The price we got was excellent value for money for a really nice hotel and great location. The staff were very friendly, room was lovely, spacious and quiet. Breakfast was included and was good with plenty of variety. Free internet access on two computers in lobby also very handy. We had also booked barcelona football tickets through spanish-fiestas.com and these were delivered to our room while we were out on Friday night (a nice token to come back to after the evening). I would definitely recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there on our next trip to Barca.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>KaffeDenmark
<Content>Perfect!       Stairs  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>scrapple000
<Content>Great deal close to La Rambla Stayed for 8 nights in a fourth floor room facing out toward La Rambla. It's unassuming on the outside, but the interior is nicely renovated with a clean, modern look.Our room had hardwood floors, a 20 LCD mounted on the wall, a small wardrobe with sliding doors, 2 double beds pushed together to form a single bed, a tile bathroom with grantite sink, and a small balcony overlooking the street. It's not the Ritz-Carlton, but it is a great deal if you're looking to stay close to La Rambla.One of the best parts of the hotel is internet access. Wireless internet is included (just ask for a password at the front desk) so you can access from your room. If you aren't planning to bring a computer, there are also two computers set up for guests to use in the side lobby.We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant (who needs to when La Rambla is so close?), but it looked clean.Precise location is about a block from the back side of La Boqueria (a huge open-air market selling lots of fresh fruit, meats, and cheeses). There are a couple of small markets, a laundromat, and an organic vegetarian restaurant on the same street as the hotel.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lassh
<Content>Perfect!               More photos  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Catyn
<Content>A good place The rooms are very clean, and we had a nice view of the backyard. The location is good, near from La Rambla and good comunicate. It is a little noisy but only during the day. A good place if you wanna spend some days in Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>YourFool
<Content>Pleasant and comfortable, great location.       Spacious  Simple  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>citybreakerCheshire
<Content>excellent value excellent value for money hotel,for the price we paid it could not be faulted.There were two adults and one child in our party,as we booked with 'barcelonahotels.com' we only paid 拢17/night extra for the child place.Not many other websites offered this option at all.We would have had to book either two rooms or reserve a room with a third bed in it-this would have cost a lot more money.Worth remembering if you have child in your party.The bed was kingsize and there was a bed/settee too,plently of room for all three of us in the room.There was a lcd tv,(sky news),kettle and cups(no spoons,tea bags or milk),lovely powershower and bathroom,central heating and or air conditioning. The area was a bit on the rough side,but i have to say i felt a lot safer there than i did on The Ramblas or the rest of the tourist traps.There was a hostel across the road where a young student party from Germany stopped in one night,they bought their own alcohol from the spar shop near by and headed off into town-this was the only example of noise we experienced at night.If anything i would say it was a lot quiter than most of the city i saw,it was a welcome relief to find the hotel so peaceful after all the crowds and sightseeing. There is noise and disruption by day because there is a new pavement and road surface being constructed,this did not cause us any problem either;work started mainly after 8.00am-still quiter than some of the areas i saw.I read the reviews about the drug dealing and prostitutes, i did not notice this,but then again Barcelona is stuffed full of very bizarre things and some very strange looking people;if i saw drug dealers and prostitutes i was not aware! The rest of the streets had their fair share of social problems too.If you are used to The Hilton or want five star luxury this hotel is probably not for you.You would struggle to find the equivalent hotel or bb in the uk for the same price.The hotel does not have a lot of space for the dining area and at times it was a little bit cramped but this was not a major issue,the food was very good quality,again not a lot of room for display,but what they had was quite sufficient and good attention to detail was maintained.To get to the hotel from the airport i would definately recommend the airobus from outside the airport-get off at Player Cat. and either walk down to The Ramblas or catch the metro to Licau and turn right into Hospital Street.Probably not worth paying the extra for a taxi;they cannot get down a lot of the side streets without a lot of trouble;it is likely that they would drop you off near by.i would definately recommend this hotel-excellent value and very clean-i would stay here again.Centrally placed for most things;harbour and columb five minutes,Ramblas two minutes,market one minute,Gothic area ten minutes,Picasso,Cathedral etc.There is charming bistro type restaurant across the road called organic, frequented by the locals and hotel guestsvery handy,healthy and reasonably priced-they have got a tapas type bar in the market too for take aways,delicious food.There are hundreds of bars and restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Riflerangeblues
<Content>Good location, great value hotel Just returned from a two night stay in Barcelona at the Hotel Principal. We thought the hotel was a great find. It's a good location, just off the Ramblas. It might be the seedier side of the Ramblas, (and it's not helped by the repaving work on the street outside - but that's temporary), but we felt that it was safe and easy to access and represented great value for money. We stayed on the 5th floor and it was a little bit of a rabbit warren to work our way up there, but the room was of a good quality, light and very clean with a comfortable bed and all the facilities we'd expect. The bathroom was great - we were really impressed by the shower and the spacious feel. Breakfast was included in the good rate we got through Hotelconnect. It was reasonably good quality with a choice of hot and cold buffet. All the staff were friendly and helpful. Probably worth noting that there isn't a bar or restaurant in the hotel, but it's hardly a problem as it is surrounded by a host of options for eating and drinking. I'd recommend this hotel as a reasonably priced, good quality option for anyone who's in Barcelona for sightseeing.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kiwiruss
<Content>All round good experience Just back from a lads weekend in Barcelona and the Principal served us well. As other reviewers have said the location is ideal as only a short stroll and you are in the ramblas with all the associated tourist amenities. Rooms were clean (and well cleaned during stay) and had the necessary to make it suitable as a base but perhaps not if you were going to spend much time in them. Breakfast was ok to poor but as you are so close to other offerings then I would suggest a short walk is the best bet. The area behind does become somewhat more sinister late at night (well certainly in the early morning hours) with plenty of prostitutes and drugs on offer, a firm no is usually enough but you may need to be prepared for continual approaches. The reception staff were generally helpful and allowed us to have some of the rooms early (we had arrived at 11.30) and offered advice on transport etc. I would use again should the opportunity arise.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Jen1000
<Content>Good hotel: great location Arrived late at night and wondered (from the outside) if we had made a mistake. But we were oh so wrong! The street on which the hotel is situated is being re-paved (with beautiful blocks) and consequently looks a bit of a building site. The hotel has indeed been refurbished and we had such a nice room with a king-sized bed and a fabulous bathroom. The hotel and our room were absolutely spotless. Only one criticism: the room was long and narrow and the French doors were in a corner which looked out onto a wall. Having the door in the corner also made the room very dark - but we spent so little time in it that it really didn't matter. We hadn't booked breakfast and went out each morning to eat. It was a marvellous experience. There were so many small Spanish bars serving breakfast, we tried a new one every day. The location couldn't have been better. Just a two minute stroll down to the middle of La Rambla. Turn right to the waterfront and left up to the square - with all the street entertainment taking place wherever you walked. Pickpockets were no problem for us - but we were very careful and perhaps very lucky. There was a large police presence - so perhaps they're clamping down. All in all a wonderful 5 day break.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sharon,Dublin
<Content>Location is its best asset 3 Couples from Dublin, all aged 40 ish just back from Barcelona, The hotels location was its biggest asset, 3 min walk to Las Rambles. We booked 3 superior rooms with balcony. The balconys were tiny, you would struggle to have 2 people sitting out, however with new path laying beneth our balcony the noise was too much to sit out. Only 1 of our 3 rooms had the advertised jet shower, in fact our shower needed to be fixed upon arrival. We all thought the breakfast was poor, the hot food was barely warm  the cold buffet was the same as any other continental breakfast we didnt think it was worth 鈧? each. If I were to return to Barcelona I would stay in the Gotic quarter, just the other side of Las Rambles.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>HarrietUk
<Content>Welcoming and great breakfast I was worried after I booked the hotel when I learnt it was on the 'wrong side' of the Ramblas, but it wasn't a problem. There were plenty of people of all ages milling around the area at all times of the day and night and we never felt unsafe.The hotel itself was bright and welcoming. The room was perfectly adequate with comfortable beds, a decent shower and Uk Sky news on the TV.The buffet breakfast was plentiful. Tea, coffee, orange juice. A selection of cold cheese and meats, breads, cereal and hot items such as bacon and eggs.I would recommend this hotel as a fantastic budget option.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Riche55
<Content>Good hotel to stay in Barcelona Hotel location central for most sites of interest and very close to the metro [Liceu] on the Ramblas. The 'superior' rooms were of a good size, with pleasant, friendly staff. Breakfast service had a good range and of good value. Recommend as a good choice for 3star hotel.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkDave
<Content>Fine hotel, near the Ramblas       View from our balcony  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gareth_Hill
<Content>Great location and value Great location for hotel, approx 150 yards from the nearest metro. Clean rooms, air con, tv, radio, decent shower. Breakfast provided lots of choice. Helpful service when obtaining lost baggage from airport. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Claire.oconnell
<Content>Fantastic value!!! Very pleasently surprised. This hotel was very central, a couple of minutes from La Ramblas. Our twin room was modernly furnished and spotlessly clean, as was our en-suite bathroom. Our excellent rate included a nice and varied buffet breakfast, from juice to fruit and yogurt, cereals meats and cheeses/salads, breads croissants and hot food. Staff were pleasent and efficient at all times. The roof-top terrace was an added bonus. An excellent experience overall.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>nostaw_01
<Content>A great stay Me and my partner stayed at the hotel for 4 days from 09/01/07 to 13/01/07. I was extremely impressed with almost everything about the hotel, especially at the price we were paying. We managed to book the room around two months before for around 拢50(75 euros) per night. The room was slightly smaller than I expected from the photos I had seen but it was by no means small. It was very clean upon our arrival and was cleaned every day we were there whilst we were out. Having read the reviews on trip asvisor I was worried about the noise and the staff, but the staff were very kind and would help with anything if you asked but I would say that if you make an effort to at least try and speak spanish then they tend to remember you and say hola when they see you, however they speak fluent english so it really isn't a problem. The noise was not a problem at all even though we had a room at the front with a balcony, I would say it was quite nice to wake up to the noise of the locals. The only bad thing about the hotel was the roadworks going on in front of it. It is based on a quiet street but the roadworks make it look ugly until you get inside. As for the city itself, it is beautiful. The pick-pocketting problem didn't affect us thankfully, but I would say as long as you're careful then it isn't a problem, so just take out what you need and leave the rest in the safe in your hotel room. The food tends to be rather expensive in most places on la ramblas and I found a few places where the drink prices were ridiculous but there are a few gems, however don't be fooled into going to the italian which offers a set menu for 6.50 euros, it was quite frankly the worst dining experience of my life. There best places we found to eat and drink where between the hotel and la carme st. Make sure you visit the cathedral nearby, and go to la sagrada familia which is just a quick metro journey away. I would say however that once you've been to barcelona and visited the sights it's not somewhere that I'd desparately want to go back to, but that's only because I've got a lot of other places I want to visit first! Enjoy  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L.E.Smith
<Content>Great location, great value We spent an enjoyable 3 nights in Barcelona, staying at the Hotel Principal. It's a lovely hotel, just off La Rambla. Okay, it's probably the wrong side of La Rambla, but we never felt threatened 鈥?the street leading up to it is busy all day with locals and tourists alike.The room was very clean and had obviously been refurbished quite recently. It was a little on the small side but perfectly adequate considering how much time we actually spent in it. The bed looked a little small at first glance (mind you, we have a king-size at home) but it was actually very comfortable. We were lucky to have a room with a balcony overlooking the street. My parents were also staying at the hotel and their room overlooked an internal courtyard, which meant that it was quite dark, though on the plus side it was probably quieter than ours. We didn't have problems with noise from the neighbouring rooms, but were waken up by people in the corridors returning to their rooms late at night and on one occasion by a rubbish truck beeping loudly outside.The breakfast was quite good 鈥?there was a large selection, although if we'd been staying longer we probably would have checked out the local eating establishments 鈥?there were plenty of them.If you want five star luxury, then this is probably not the hotel for you. However, if you want a decent hotel in a great location, then give Hotel Principal a go. Barcelona is a fascinating city and this hotel is a great base from which to explore it!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>mollybear
<Content>Great Value for Money We've just returned from a 3 night stay here and wanted to let people know that its a great place to stay. We stayed in a standard room which had a balcony and a bath (ask for these if you'd like them) and it was very clean and comfortable. It cost us roughly 拢50 each night including breakfast and its very close to Las Ramblas. We arrived late on a Sunday night and I would mention that if you are walking to the hotel at that time when things are closed, be a little careful as we spoke to some guests that had just been mugged on the way back to the hotel. Don't let it put you off though, just be sensible and keep wallets and things properly tucked away and avoid the back streets (it was a guy who just bumped into the man, apologised and took his wallet without him realising!!)A super place though and we'd definitely go back. Don't let the bad reviews put you off as we nearly did!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Winter_Log_Fires
<Content>Looking for comfort, great location AND value? This is THE one! We booked this based on the strength of the ther trip advisor reviews and we were not disappointed. When I go to cities, I have a difficult task to find somewhere in a great location which is clean, comfortable, en suite, tv AND isn't over the odds money wise. This is the best example I've found. AIRPORTWhen arriving for the first time, when you get outside, go RIGHT! We turned left and wandered for a while wondering where the hell the train was. It's right and up the escalators. Buy a T10 ticket. You can legitimately share them and gives you 10 journeys for a discounted rate. Don't be fooled by other tourists not buying them - they just don't know about them. You don't need to speak Spanish to buy them - the automated machines display in English and even if that fails, T-10 is easy to spot.You can use these T10's all week on the metro.MUGGINGWarned by a million (or so) people before I went. We didn't get mugged - although the Scottish woman in the cheese shop (see below) did say If they don't get you when you arrive, they'll get you when you leave. I think most people should be fine if you just do some simple things. Keep your wallet in your pocket -when it's crowded or you're on the metro, keep your hand on it. Be aware of who's around you - if you have a backpack, wear it on your front. If you're in a restaurant, keep your bag on your lap or twist the handle round your foot. As long as you don't drop your sensible rather than obsessive guard - you should be fine. If you're lucky enough to be travelling with someone, keep an eye on each other's stuff. We put the large camera we had in an ordinary looking shoulder bag for safety. And always keep a spare card etc back at the hotel.HOTELComfortable beds, bath, shower, LCD television, good maid service, kettle and cups (we provided t-bags and milk). There is a safe, but didn't use it. Just kept things in our bags with a token padlock. That was me being obessive rather than feeling there was a danger of anything being taken.LITTLE SHOPTo purchase small things like milk, water, choclate, sweets etc please go to a little shop - you turn left out of the hotel and then right and it's just on the right a little way down. It's a long thin shop. The lady in there is SO welcoming. She didn't have enough change one day for some stuff we bought and she waved us and with the goods and said to pop in another time. We did the next day and she looked so pleased. Glad to show her tourists are good people.BREAKFASTWe only had breakfast once and it was average. MUCH better is to go to Bar Ra. Take a left out of the hotel; cross the road and go past the chairs (small square) on left and up towards what looks like a car park. Keep walking straight on. On t'other side of the car park is a great place for English Breakfast and it's good value too. Highly recommend. Yum. Doesn't open until 10 mind you.DINNER NEAR BYIn terms of food - Blue Rita is a great place to have a beer and steak. Out of the hotel turn left, turn right and then turn right into the big square on the right - Blue Rita is tucked into the corner. LA RAMBLA BEERWarning - DO not have a drink on La Rambla - we did and it cost 18 euros!!CHEESEYou must go to the Cheese shop run by a Scottish woman. 5 euros gets you two small glasses of her wine and three pieces of cheese to taste. DELICIOUS! Can walk from hotel.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>L.A.Silk
<Content>A budget gem Just returned from a four night break and our second visit to this fantastic and funky city.We wanted good value accommodation near the Ramblas and this is exactly what we got. It looks as if the hotel rooms and corridors have undergone recent refurbishment. Our room (104) was smallish but very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a good size and, again, very clean. We had a balcony overlooking an interior courtyard - no view as such, but it was very quiet at night even with the windows open. This is probably the quietest hotel/room we have stayed at on any city break. Breakfast was straightforward with all the usual choices including bacon, eggs, sausages etc.Other reviews talk about the location being a possible cause for concern and, on our arrival, we felt a little uncomfortable trying to find the hotel. However we felt safe walking back to our hotel every night, usually around midnight. I would agree with another reviewer elsewhere who suggests that the location might not best suit a woman travelling unaccompanied.That said the Principal is a budget gem that I would recommend to my friends and family. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Tracey1977
<Content>No problems Stayed here from 17-20 Nov. Was in a party of 7. The rooms are small and there is some noise but did n't find it annoying. Our room overlooked the street and we had a balcony. I know some of our party had smaller rooms with poor views and light. The rooms and whole hotel were very clean. We ate breakfast each morning. It does not change but if you are n't interested in the full fry each morning it will keep you going until lunch.The hotel also offers free internet access. There are two supermarkets very close to the hotel.On first impressions you make think the hotel is in a dodgy area, there is quite a bit of graffiti on the walls, but we never had any trouble either day or night and the hotel is so close to La Rambla.I would have no problems staying here again but would definitely recommend that you ask for a room with a balcony when booking  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Rio1981
<Content>Fantastic bathroom! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights from the 16th-18th November and were very happy with our choice. We got a double room which was small but no more than we were expecting and still more than enough adequate room to sleep, relax and dump shopping after a long day. And it was perfectly clean. The bed was very comfy and I thought the bathroom was fab! Large, immaculately clean, with a strong hot shower. Great.Obviously for the price you're not going to get everything so the bad points were the view from our window was non existant, and as previous people have written the walls are very thin so when someone walks/showers you can hear it. This only bothered us one morning when we were having a bit of a lie in and everyone else seemed to get up at 9am. Most of the time is spent out of the hotel so neither of these things bothered us to a great extenet. We always got a good nights sleep.We didn't have breakfast or use the interent facilities during our stay so cant comment on those.The area the hotel is in is slight dodgy, a back street off Las Ramblas, but no more so than in any other major city. We were out late both nights and I never felt intimidated, apart from one incident when my boyfriend nearly had his credit card stolen. There were always lots of people still around.If I was to go to Barcelona again I'd probably look for a hotel more on the main strip but for the price this was an excellent stay and I'd recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bpascua
<Content>No Good if you want to sleep..... Hello,I just returned from 3 nights in Barcelona with my girlfriend (we are early thirties) We stayed thursday/friday and saturday night. My thoughts are below -Location - slopey back street littered with drunks. Crappy location but its so close to the ramblas (3 mins walk) that its ok. The hotel is after all cheap (80 e and 60 e)Rooms - Rooms look great, all nicely done out but we had a window at the end of the room that gave almost no natural light. And it was an internal view so we got a soil pipe for a view. But again its a cheap hotel. The worse thing about this hotel is the noise. I mean NOISE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the walls are crappy stud walls so you can hear people in the rooms 10 meters away farting. People come and go all hours and the noise is unbearable. We were getting in at 3am and waking up at 9am and we were getting disturbed at all hours.In bed trying to sleep I swore never to stay here again. Pay extra and find another hotel.Its also worth noting I asked for a quiet room because I had checked the reviews. So shocking all in all.I stayed at the Jazz before which was 150e per night but my god I'm too old to be staying in these places which are bacsially youth hostels.My advice - Just find somewhere else, the selection is endless.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>47Maggie52
<Content>A lovely surprise At first glance the Hotel looks to be situated down a bit of a 'dodgy' side street, however, that wasn't a problem at all, so don't let it put you off.Slap bang right in the centre of town, in walking distance to almost eveything you want to see and do. Subway very nearby if you wish to go further afield.The hotel was clean and the staff were really friendly. We didn't bother with breakfast in the Hotel so I can't comment on that but it did smell nice. The alarm call booked for 5.30 am on the last day was bang on time.Quite frankly, for what it cost and it's location we were really very nicely surprised.Would absolutely go back to Barcelona and to the Hotel Principal.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DavidWebley
<Content>Good Hotel Very Good hotel for the money. My first room was very clean and well furnished but the window overlooked a vent shaft. After 2 days I got it changed to one overlooking the street which was great and even had a small balconey. Only had 1 breakfast there but it had a good selection and was OK for the price. There are 2 FREE internet terminals. The location is great as it's not far from the Ramblas and there is a goo cafe just up the road.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>vmark1
<Content>Great Price, Good Location Have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Principal. Our bedroom was small but perfectly formed, containing two generous size beds. It was modern, with a nice bathroom and LCD tv. Most importantly it was spotlessly clean. The breakfast was not the best but perfectly adequate. There was a choice of cereal, bread, meat, cheese, fruit and a hot option. The only downsides to the hotel were that it could be slightly noisy - due to the marbled corridors, and the location - although convienient, just 3 minutes walk to La Ramblas, could be slightly intimidating at night . However, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and the price, just 72.75 euros per night including breakfast, was great.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>avidtraveller
<Content>Loved the hotel , but the bed! We are staying at the Hotel Principal at present. The hotel is well located just off the Ramblas however the area is a bit seedy. Having said that, the hotel is very clean, reception staff helpful and our room had been modernised with good bathroom facilities. Breakfast was very plentiful and good. However we would not stay here again because of the bed. We have stayed in many hotels of this star category in Europe and this was by far the worst bed ever. Very small double and hard as. We had little sleep. So if you are over 40 or have a bad back - find another hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BoddingtonB
<Content>Clean and smart, but noisy, small and slightly grumpy We stayed at the Hotel Principal for a fantastic long weekend in Barcelona. The hotel wasn't really one of the highlights though. Although the room was very clean, pretty smart and well air-conditioned, it was so small that they couldn't fit a normal sized double bed in there! I asked if any of the other rooms had a proper double bed and was shown a room that reeked of stale smoke, wasn't as well fitted as the first room, and which had a bed barely 4 inches wider. The reception staff weren't sympathic.More of a problem was the lack of sound insulation between rooms. You could clearly hear people talking at a normal volume in all of the surrounding rooms, could hear people coming in on the floor below, and we knew exactly when the room above was taking a shower!Still, it was in a great location and all in all was reasonable value for money. I think we'll be trying somewhere else on our next visit though.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>SBM1234
<Content>Find a Different Hotel We stayed at the Hotel Principal in October 2006. I would not recommend this hotel for a number of reasons. First, the location is in a seedy area off of Ramblas. There are SO MANY hotels off of Ramblas that are in safer, less seedy locations. Second, the facilities are average, at best. We were given a room, and were unhappy with the cleanliness of the room. After complaining about the cleanliness, they showed us two other rooms. The last room that we were shown was newly remodeled -- and clean. But, after seeing the other rooms, it seems that new and clean is NOT the standard at Hotel Principal. Third, as stated above, the neighborhood the hotel is located in is not ideal (read Lonely Planet for further description), and for that reason, we asked the front desk for the key to the safe located in our room to lock up our belongings. When we checked out, they demanded that we pay 2 Euros for each day that we used the safe in our room. They do not provide a safe at the front desk. Barcelona is full of boutique-style hotels. Find a different hotel, in a safer location, with cleaner, less grungy rooms.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	2	2	2	3	5	

<Author>nelly101
<Content>perfect location Hotel Principal is in a small quiet street running parallel to Las Ramblas, only takes 3 minutes to walk to the main street. 10 mins walk to the harbour, 10 mins walk to Catalonia Square, 10 min walk to the old cathedral. Metro close by.Hotel is clean, friendly staff who speak good English, reasonable breakfast, but no other food/restaurant. This isn't a problem as there are so many eateries on Las Ramblas, or down by the harbour, also there's a veggie/vegan/organic restaurant opposite the hotel.Hotel rooms are basic but clean. Free internet access.If flying in to Barcelona, I would recommend NOT catching the train to the city centre. My mum had her purse pinched on this train, and we since discovered (from the police) that there are many gangs of pick-pockets who work this train.Instread, there's a bus called Aerobus which stops outside each terminal at the airport (it's the bus stops with a small blue sign saying Aerobus). This bus goes to Catalonia Square at the top of Las Ramblas, and costs 3.75 Euros. Much safer, I think, and there's plenty of room for luggage.Barcelona is a fab city, I'd definately return  would certainly stay at the Hotel Principal again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jonesk
<Content>great location We stayed on the recomentation of the reviews on this website and also a work colleague who had stayed here as well and we where not dissapointed. Clean simple just what you needed for a sightseeing lazy holiday.The reception people are helpful but don't look to happy but they can be approachedWas not disapoited great location to the Rambles 3 miniute walk away and straight to a metro station as well as the rambles then over the La Ramble Street to the Barro Gotic area plenty of bars and shops.Enjoyed Barcelona plenty to do recomend the Turistic bus easy to get around and hop on and off when you liked  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lollykins
<Content>What a fantastic little hotel, just off the main drag The hotel is just off La Rambla a short walk from the metro. The room we stayed in was immaculate and the shower hot. If you want to have a bath though, not sure if you can specify one with a tub, but the room that we were in, had a tub but it was quite small - you couldn't lie in it properly.There was a small lift to access all the floors. The buffet breakfast was excellent with a lot of variety of food - cooked, cereals, fruits and cold meats. There was a computer for internet access too. Friendly service and helpful too. Most of the staff spoke good English.Great value for money as well! Only one thing - depending on where your room is located and the people staying there - the walls to the corridors outside are quite thin, so you may hear some of your neighbours coming back late in the evening. But only momentarily...Otherwise, the curtains are light-blocking so it's pitch black something I'm not used to, so I had the curtains open just a bit. I will definitely stay there whenever I go to Barcelona. We went in January, I was just looking around Trip Advisor and realised I hadn't written a glowing report for the hotel!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Niknak70
<Content>Perfect Principal We booked our stay at the Hotel Prinicipal because of it's great location and the good reviews we read on this site. We can assure you we were not disappointed at all. Just a short walk from the Ramblas, yet far enough away that you can leave the hustle and bustle behind at the end of the night. Our room was comfortable and clean, with a small balcony. We also found it very quiet during the night, we slept well (maybe that's a result of one-to-many cocktails!!) But seriously, in return for booking this fab hotel, you'll get great value for money, you'll be right in the heart of this beautiful city. Surrounded by many great restaurants and bars. The location and price couldn't get much better. We'll most certainly stay at Hotel Prinicpal again. Enjoy...  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>sarahmay
<Content>Convenient and quiet Hotel was central and convenient for most of the centre of Barcelona. We had a fourth floor room with a/c so it was quiet. The place was clean, staff were fine(I wouldn't call them cheerful) and relatively efficient. We stayed two nights and found no problems. Breakfast was extra at 7.50 euro. For the convenience of it, it was what the doctor ordered. Safe deposit box works out at 2 euro a night.Free access to internet is attractive but the letters are worn off the key boards so you have to fly blind so to speak unless you know you qwerty board.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ische
<Content>Perfect I just came back from a 4 nights stay with my mom.It was really perfect.The room was big, cool shower with several different settings, flatscreen, ac, local city guide with all needed info about restaurants, bars and the movies. It was quiet, very clean and as someone already said it can pass a 3 star (even that he/she didn't like the hotel too much - we did ;-)).I guess you cannot really find anything better at this location. 2 mins to the Rambla (where I wouldn't really spend too much time anyways) but all the rest of the old town is in walking distance, too. Also Placa Catalunya is quite near, where all major transportation can be found. There is also the metro stop Liceu right on the Rambla.Will definitely book it again when going back to this great city  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kennyg345
<Content>Near the action If you're wanting a room with a balcony overlooking the Rambles, then don't book this hotel. If you want a hotel within a one minute walk from the Rambles yet still quiet, a very clean hotel that has been modernised, good rooms but forget about the view, very pleasant staff who are helpful and speak English, and at a good price for the location, then this is the hotel for you. They also do a hot breakfast which is quite the exception. Overall we (two couples) thought it good value for money and would recommend it, and use it again ourselves.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tlog333
<Content>Great Accomodation Hotel Principal was a great accomodation in Barcelona for the price. The hotel room was fairly small and basic but clean and well maintained. For people that have commented about the general area being slightly unsafe I would have to disagree. If you are used to living in any urban area I think you will find this to be a quite nice area. If you are vegetarian or enjoy the food, the restaurant across the street from Hotel Principal, Organic, is great! We went to eat there twice and really enjoyed it.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Hannahcem
<Content>Very inpressed My mother and i stayed at the Principal for 4 nights in mid July and i thought it was great. The rooms were basic and on the small side but very clean and functional with 2 huge comfortable twin beds and a tv that had 24hr English language news. The bathroom was mammouth with a crazy shower thing that shot water out at every direction you could want.! As for the shower doors i don't know what all the fuss was about!We had a good breakfast there everyday with plenty of fruit, cereal, pastries, yoghurt, ham, cheese, bread etc to choose from. There was also some hot stuff but in that weather i couldn't face it. The A/C in the rooms was a god send and worked perfectly. It was in a great location just 3 mins from La Ramblas and although not in the nicest area it wasn't scary . The next street over had lots of girls loitering and we got a bit lost round there but i didn't feel threatened. And its very close to a metro station as well which was brilliant.All in all i thought for the money we paid it was a real find and very good value for money. I'd maybe stay further over into the Gothic Quarter next time i visit but that'd probably hike the price up.I'd also recommend the veggie cafe Organic across the road - amazingly tasty!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>blondepuff
<Content>Highly recommended hotel I stayed with my partner at this hotel in August for 5 nights. The hotel is in a fantastic location and the double-glazing was excellent which was very welcome for a good nights sleep. There was a small balcony leading out to a nice terrace.The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was small but very clean - our only problem was with the bed. We had a standard double room as there were no twin rooms available and the bed was very small. There was a slight problem with the shower screens and wet floors as mentioned in previous reviews but nothing major.There is a key card that activates the lights, and also activates the red light on the outside of the door. We had a late morning one day and were not disturbed by house-keeping as they could see that we were still in the room. Great when you need a bit of a lie-in!We had no problems with dogs in the area, all the dogs we saw belonged to someone and were well behaved. We never felt threatened or concerned when walking to the hotel at night, and wouldn't describe the area as seedy. The area is slightly off the bright lights of La Rambla and doesn't attract many tourists and has loads of character.We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as there are so many options around the area so can't comment on the standard of food.Considering the location and the quality of the hotel, we felt that 79 euros a night for the room was excellent value and will definitely stay here again when we return, but we will make sure we can get a twin room!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>STW
<Content>Good value, good location. This hotel was very reasonable. We stayed for two nights, the rooms are clean and have A/C. The breakfast consists of a simple selection but was fine. It is also very near to La Rambla and pretty near to the beach.Overall, very good value for the cost.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aynge
<Content>the truth       roof top view  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blondo
<Content>good location Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights at the end of june. Rooms  reception were excellent for a 2 star hotel. Although small, we had everything we needed  it was very clean. bathroom also good  had a hairdryer which was handy. however there was no sign of plasma tvs or jet shower that had been mentioned in other trip advisor reviews but maybe these are only in superior rooms. buffet breakfast couldnt be faulted. Although there wasnt that wide of a variety that I could have justified paying the extra money for it if it hadn't been included in our rate. I would definately stay in this hotel again for its location alone, it was brilliant. a short walk from las ramblas but in a quiet area. free internet access in the lobby was an added bonus. If your looking for a nice restaurant, Rita Blue only a short walk from the hotel does lovely mexican food  superb cocktails at a very reasonable price.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lainee_L
<Content>Slightly disappointed compared with previous reviews I have just returned from Barcelona. I decided to book the Hotel Principal because every single review for this hotel was excellent. I was slightly disappointed to find that it was just an average hotel. I was a lone traveller and had paid for a twin/indvidual use room. If there had been two people, we'd have been sitting on each other! I also paid for breakfast and compared to some other hotels I've stayed in in Europe, there wasn't that much choice of food.Despite the above, there were some plus points to the hotel. It was clean and the free internet access was a bonus. The hotel was ideally located away from the noise of La Rambla; all the main tourist attractions were within easy walking distance. Apart from having a two day pass on the Tourist Bus (two days are definitely better value for money as each tour takes two hours), I walked everywhere else. Before I went to Barcelona, everyone said it was very notorious for pick-pocketing. As a single, female traveller I was orginally worried about this and also, El Raval (the area where the hotel is situated) has a bit of a dodgy reputation. I did have heightened wariness about this and especially as my mum's purse was stolen literally within minutes of us being in Rome earlier this year. However, I didn't see any pick-pocketing in Barcelona and felt very safe. I would definitely recommend people to err on the side of caution though.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>windsurf-girl
<Content>Very nice hotel The hotel was clean and very nice for a 2 star hotel. The bathroom was very nice, one thing to note though, the shower base was VERY slippery so take care! The location for sightseeing was great, although I wasnt very keen on the area. This is the only downside to my stay. Saying that we never felt threatened at all. It could just have been down to me pre-judging the area from other reviews and from guide books saying be careful. It has a great value restaurant literally just across the road called 'organics'. They do 4 courses for 9 euros, and 2 of the courses you can have as much food as you like (salad and soup, and the salad is very good. the bread is also really nice! they bake it every day) We ate there 3 times and the food was really good each time. (lunch time - didnt try the evening food). they also do massages as well! hope you have a great stay...ps barcelona is fantastic i loved it and hope to go back soon.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! This hotel so convenient to the Liceu metro stop on one of the major metro lines (green)! Very close to La Rambla where the action never stops. All the sights are within walking distance or just a short ride on the Metro. I could not believe this hotel was only listed as a two star. The rooms were immaculate. We had a plasma tv, jet shower, and a balcony. Rooms are small (just enough room for a queen bed and place to walk around the bed, and a closet and desk) but efficient. Good breakfast buffet and knowledgeable staff. I would definitely stay there again. You can not be the location or the price!  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value Just had 3 night stay at this hotel where everything is just as all the reviews have already said i.e. fantastic value, great location, very friendly and helpful staff, spotlessly clean and great buffet breakfast. Will definitely be back to this hotel and would highly recomend it anyone going ro Barcelona. We had a twin room on second floor which was spacious and very comfortable. (Irish)  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>caroloann
<Content>great location my boyfriend and i have just returned from a three night stay at the hotel principal.before booking i went on this site and read all the reviews,all were good.the hotel its self was clean,breakfast room and breakfast was great,location was even better,just off the ramblas with out being right in it.the only downfall was the room,it was the pits.the smell of damp hit us every time we opened the door.i couldnt believe that there were no windows in our room,just a shutter that when opened revealed some sort of shute.all the hotels including ours had full signs on the doors,so we didnt think there was much point of complaining.it was the weekend barcelona lifted the cup,ther was also a big air show on.added to the usual amount of tourists,i doubt we would of got anywere complaining.being that we dont spend a great deal of time in the room anyway,we got on with it.our room i think was an over spill,up a side staircase on its own,number 501,dont even except the key if you are offered it.we were just unlucky getting the worst room in the place.barcelona was a fantastic place and i would definately return.having a beach and seaside restaurants in a city was amazing.we got a two day bus ticket which cost 22euros each,well worth it.you can hope on and off all you like and the buses are every 5 mins.the nou camp was worth the trip,that can be reached by the tourist bus.a great city and a great time .  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay Just returned after a 3night stay at the Principal. 9 girls on a Hen Party. We could not believe is was on a 2 star one of the rooms had a plasma screen t.v. and jet shower. Rooms were lovely, clean and well furnished. Staff very friendly except for the manager he was a bit frosty, but to the girls delight the guy on the desk was a double for Lewis Garcia. Great location only a couple of minutes walk to the Ramblas, overall it was safe coming home late at night. Had a little incident just keep your bags close to you. Dont be put off by the streets that lead to the Hotel it looks rougher that it realy is. Had a great meal at La Fonda at the Port Olympic with as many free shots as you could handle after the meal. Good bars in this area, not as expensive as the Ramblas. Make sure if you get a taxi they take you back to your Hotel, they try to say they dont know were it is and try to drop you off at the Ramblas. Beware if you only drink for example redbull they charge you more for it than if you have it with a spirit. (A bit Irish)  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pory
<Content>Bright Spacious - Excellent Hotel My mother and I stayed in Hotel Principal for three nights. The hotel had come recommended by a friend,but I still checked your web site prior to booking. It was an excellent choice, great location, spotless spacious room, calm and peacefull. I booked a twin room and was delighted with it,two double beds really comfortable, a powershower that you could wheel into if necessary. Very well decorated not busy or fussy.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pav
<Content>More than happy with The Hotel Principal My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights last week and were amazed that its star rating is so low. We had actually only wanted somewhere clean and basic at a moderate cost, but The Hotel Principal is spotless with recently revamped rooms which are very bright and nicely decorated. The bathroom also had an excellent power shower. Staff all very pleasant and spoke very good English. The free internet access offered was also useful. A real plus factor is the location. Turn left out of the hotel, a right turn at the end of the street, and within just a few minutes you are on The Ramblas. I had read some reviews about the hotel being in a dodgy area, and yes, if you venture into the streets behind the hotel, you find prostitutes hanging about so the simple answer is just dont go that way. We never felt threatened at all during our stay. Took a taxi from the airport to the hotel which cost 26 euro, but decided to get the airport bus for the return journey. This leaves from the placa de catalunya (10 minute walk at top of The Ramblas) and only costs 3.75 euro. We intended to have breakfast at the hotel (just over 7 euros if not included in your deal) but discovered The St Josep market on the short walk to The Ramblas. The fruit selection packs and freshly sqeezed fruit juices on offer were just fantastic and so the hotel breakfasts did not happen. All in all, a great place to stay to which my wife and I would definately return.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hampshirelass
<Content>Hotel Principal is the business Hotel Principal is ideally situated half way down Las Ramblas, in a quiet road a few minutes from this busy thoroughfare. We stayed here 3 nights; Sunday-Wednesday. Great value for money, it is immaculately clean, the staff are friendly and very helpful, speaking good english. There are two sized rooms, standard which is small and superior which is much larger. Ours was superior on the top (4th) floor, had a double and single bed for the two of us and a spacious bathroom with a small bath/shower; air conditioning and flat screen TV. We had breakfast included (so shop around for the booking), the buffet had a good variety on offer, all was fresh and well stocked despite the fact that it was very busy around 8:30ish. Free internet and coffee  cold drinks/snacks dispensers off the lobby.If we return to this fabulous city, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rooster73
<Content>Excellent choice for hipsters I'm a young guy who stayed here for 2 nights. It's located in the new cool spot of Barcelona, Raval (which is the definition of ghetto fabulous). I enjoyed the neighborhood for the diverse culture, but others may not agree. The cost of Barcelona has moved the coolest resturants and bars to low rent areas. This hotel is a couple blocks off Ramblas and on a relatively quite street. The hotel had free internet and an average breakfast for 7.50 euros. The room was average sized and clean. However, no safe in the room for any valuables you might keep locked up in other places. I paid 75 euros a night.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PorscheMainz_Germany
<Content>Good value, very convenient and quiet location near Las Ramblas My wife and I stayed at Hotel Principal from February 6 - 9, 2006. The hotel only recently received its 3rd star and we found it to be an excellent choice (approx. 80 Euros + tax for a double room). It is located about 2 minutes walking distance from Las Ramblas and 10 minutes from the harbor. We advise taking the public bus from the airport to Plaza Spanya (probably spelled wrong). From there, you walk down Las Ramblas for about 5 minutes, before taking a right to the hotel. We also did some wonderful dining in Barcelona during our 8-day stay and highly recommend the following two restaurants. Both are located about 10 minutes walking distance from the hotel and very good dinners cost only about 12 - 15 Euros: La Dolca Herminia (Magdalenes 27 / 08002 Barcelona) and La Fonda (carrer dels Escudellers 10, near placa reial).  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location We have just returned from our three night stay at the Hotel Principal. It is a quiet hotel situated just minutes from the Ramblas. Our room had everything that we needed, and the staff were more than helpful. I had ordered a bottle of Champagne prior to our arrival for a Birthday suprise. This had been put into the room, on ice, complete with two glasses and a message from the hotel.Breakfast was excellent - hot and cold buffet along with juices and various hot drinks. All in all a great hotel that I would thoroughly recommend. And Barcelona is a fab place to visit.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Principal Very Good - except for the noise!! Stayed in Hotel Principal for three nights from the 20th Jan.The location is PERFECT...only 2 mins from Las Ramblas, and the metro station 'Liceu'. The hotel was spotless, the room(which was very small but that does not bother me on hols!!) and bathroom were spotless, and the breakfast was spot on, loads of choice, just what you needed to start the day, as Barcelona is a WALKING city!! If I had to crib I would say because the hallways are marbled floors, it was a bit noisy, we didn't get in until after 12 a few mights, and had sampled some lovely Mojito cocktails in the Candela Bar near the hotel, and we were still woken at three from noisey people returning.Having said that, if I was to go back to Barcelona I would definitely stay in this hotel again!Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well situated hotel We booked Principal hotel after reading the reviews in tripadvisor. The night we arrived we were given room (127) which was one of the non renovated rooms of the hotel and we were greatly disappointed. The room had a barred window with the view of a brick wall and no natural light. The bathroom was also tired (rusty bath and cracked toilet). Eventually next morning we asked to be moved and we were given 117 which was recently renovated but nothing like what we had read on the reviews here. Nice room but again no natural light. The location of the hotel is excellent, rooms are clean, breakfast is average. Good choice if you are on a budget holiday.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stidski
<Content>Thanks for a top tip Have just returned from three night break and chose this hotel mainly because of Tripadvisor reviews. Good choice! I was with my husband (47), mother (74) and nephew (13) and our priorities were variously good food, good skateboarding, good shopping and good Gaudi! Nobody was disappointed as everything was right on the doorstep - the sidestreet position means it's quiet but five minutes walk and you're surrounded by the buzz of the Ramblas. We found the area colourful and vibrant but not at all intimidating and didn't encounter any problems with pickpockets etc (though possibly this was because we were aware of the threat and therefore vigilant).Our rooms (a double at the front and a twin at the back) though not huge were comfortable and modern with plenty of storage, power points and a hair dyer that actually dried hair! Breakfast was quite adequate with hot and cold options and although the hotel has no restaurant there are so many places to eat, from snack bars to really swish joints, within minutes so it's no problem.The staff were friendly and helpful - extra blankets appeared within minutes of asking and on my birthday a bottle of cava on ice was left in our room. All in all this hotel is fantastic value for money and in a great location - I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant I have just returned from the Hotel Principal after a weekend stay.How this hotel only has two stars baffles me. Therefore, this is the BEST two star hotel I have ever stayed in. Here is why :* Location - You could not have been more central unless you were staying on La Rambla itself (2 minute walk) * Clean! - The hotel was spotless from top to bottom. Including the reception area, rooms  lounges.* Rooms - The rooms look like they have been recently renovated. We had a plasma TV, jet power shower  clock radio. Although a little small, they were more than adequate seen as we were only in it to sleep.* Breakfast - This was included in our price (or was 7 euros payable at reception). A great selection of cooked meats cheeses, cereals, fruit, pastries  even bacon  sausages!* Staff - The reception staff were excellent. From providing us information about the city to ordering us a taxi to the airport on checkout - brilliant,  maid service everyday.* Other - The hotel has 2 computers that offer FREE internet access! Brilliant! It also has 2 lounge areas for relaxing with books  newspapers and a snack area with vending machines.That is why I think this hotel is great! We will be going back next time we are in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Suitable in every way! My friends and I spent New Years 2006 in Barcelona and were not disappointed with this brilliantly located hotel. Clean basic rooms (these were cleaned even after 17.00pm) with free internet access in the lobby and friendly and approachable staff who offered valuable advice to 3 travelling girls. There is only one lift which is a bit small but we never encountered a long wait. The room we stayed in was also quite small but had all the adequate fittings we needed to enjoy our stay. There were occasional echoes from people coming and going but not enough to disturb any sleep. Las Ramblas is approx 5mins walk away (this was extremely beneficial when we headed out at 23.45pm new years eve to enjoy the champagne celebrations at short notice) and the Liceu metro station is visible as soon as you turn onto it. There are some cool quirky jewellery shops right by the hotel as you head towards Las Ramblas and once you're onto the busy street, head to the right for some shopping by the Marina and onto the left for Catalunya/L'Eixample (some cools bars, clubs). If you don't take the breakfast option, there are some nearby cafes you can go to for a quick munch. 'La Fonda', located just off Placa Reial offers a value for money evening meal with bars nearby to wind down.We found it safe to walk to even late at night so don't be put off because it's on a side street. Hotel Principal is tucked away enough to avoid the congestion but near enough for you to still enjoy the vibe and atmosphere of a very happening city and for a very reasonable price! We plan to return on our next visit and would recommend this to various groups of travellers.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BessbrookDorset
<Content>Even better than your reviews We are staying here over Christmas 2005. The hotel is better than your reviews. The room is large, fully equipped and clean, the staff are friendly and the breakfasts are great. Great price too. Location is 5 minutes walk from La Ramblas, so it is ideally situated for the city centre and a quiet nights sleep. However, avoid the streets at the back of the hotel. I would highly recommend it to others and would stay here again. It is definately worthy of more stars***  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rosie013
<Content>Great choice for a Barcelona break We stayed at the Hotel Principal for 6 nights in November.It was great for all our needs.Our room on the second floor was modern,clean and comfortable with a lovely bathroom.We had a tiny balcony overlooking the street and whilst its not the most picturesque of views it was good to get the atmosphere. It was quiet at night and the room was cleaned every day with new towels etc. Breakfasts were good with a varied choice which set us up for the day. Some of the streets at the back of the hotel, farther away from the Ramblas looked like they were best avoided but the main areas seemed fine.We would certainly stay here again  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TomNSyl
<Content>Great Value and Location We stayed here for 3 nights. The hotel is about 2blocks off the Ramblas. Easy to get to. We took thetrain/metro from the airport (~4 Euro/person) When we arrived it took them a few minutes to find ourpaperwork ( prepaid voucher ). We got a great room onthe 3rd floor. Nice big room with flat-screen TV andplenty of room. The view wasn't all that great but weweren't there to sit in the room. Hotel has free internet and a Wifi zone downstairs inthe lounge. The breakfast was 4Eruo (if you book it withyour reservation) and was worth it. We would definitely stay here when in Barcelona. (Oh and don't miss dinner at La Fonda, the only goodrestaurant around the Ramblas. Avoid the Attic)  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ozitravel
<Content>Good reviews confirmed We were so influenced by reviews about the Hotel Principal on Trip Advisor that we booked it even though we were generally booking hotels one category higher than this one. We can only thank all those previous guests for their advice as we can confirm that it was a very pleasant hotel, great free internet, helpful staff, good breakfast and handy to La Ramblas without the noise. The only disadvantage to us was the very small room, but then who spends very long in their room in Barcelona. In our opinion it was better than most of the higher rated hotels we stayed in around Europe.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sonner
<Content>Good hotel for a nice price and neat location       view from hotel  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Alan07
<Content>Inexpensive and good value I chose the Principal because I found some pretty good reviews for it, and it was reasonable. By and large, I think it was a good choice. My room was fairly basic, but was clean, as was the bathroom. Importantly, the air conditioning worked well and took only five minutes to cool the room down to a comfortable level on the hot days I was there (I believe that air conditioning should be used sparingly). Breakfast was good value. The Principal is centrally located, just off the Ramblas, about a 10-minute walk to Catalunya. It's not luxurious, but I would recommend it to anybody who wants value for their money in Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>futuregirl
<Content>Excellent for a 2 star property! I've just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hotel Principal and was very impressed! My friend booked the room and I was pretty apprehensive as I usually don't stay anywhere less than 3*. I wasn't expecting much but this hotel really surprised me. OK, it wasn't The Plaza, but it was great value for money. It was basic but the beds were comfortable, room was big and everything was spotlessly clean. We had a room on the 4th floor facing the front with a small balcony. I really liked the location, there were several small supermarkets and cafes within a minutes walk and the main buzz of La Ramblas was 5 minutes walk. All the staff very very friendly and helpful. They also have a few PCs you can surf with for free and a wifi area. The only niggle is that the lift is tiny and only holds 4 people, but hey, what's the rush? I'm already planning my return visit!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bardswalk
<Content>Good Value for money This hotel is just off one the main squares in the city. It is a basic touristhotel offering all that you need for a stay in Barcelona. Good clean accommodation, excellent continental breakfast, and all at a very faircharge. We had an old style room, the newer rooms looked very good.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value for Money We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Principal. The staff were polite, helpful and approachable. The room was clean, the bathroom more than adequate. The choice for breakfast was wonderful. All in all, an excellent city-centre choice for exploring the city. Anyone that complains about the graffiti outside, or the area, or the lack of minibar etc is visiting barcelona for the wrong reason. When exploring a city like barcelona, all that is needed is a bed for the night, a bathroom and some breakfast. We couldn't fault it at all.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Weekend January 21st - 24th January 2005Just got back, had a brilliant weekend could not fault the Hotel Principal. Staff were very helpful and friendly, I was expecting a basic room but we were actually allocated a superior room could not fault it. Hotel is situated just off Las Ramblas within walking distance of Playa de Catalunya (Catalunya Square). We would go back again no worries.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RockChickJan
<Content>OK For Short Break Value for Money Just returned from a short 2 night break. The hotel is tucked away in a side street, half way along Las Ramblas (in fact a side street off a side street). The street on which Principal stands is rather grotty with a lot of building work going on and rubbish in the street. We had a room with a balcony overlooking a rubbish skip directly below.Inside, the hotel is sparse but clean. We were shown to our room on the first floor, having been lead through a 'rabbit warren' of corridors to get there by a member of staff. The room itself was quite small but very clean with a small but again clean bathroom (no bath, just WC, sink and shower). The street was quiet at night, but we were rudely awaken in the mornings by noises from the builders on the street, and I think work being done on the lift which was next to our room.We took advantage of the optional breakfast (7 Euros each) in the hotel. The breakfast was OK, the usual sort of thing, a selection of cereals, cheese, meat, croissants etc. Would consider staying again.Good central location, need to sort out neighboring streets.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kilmistr
<Content>Good hotel - would stay again I thought this was a good hotel. The room was clean and I had a balcony overlooking the street. The hotel can be quiet, but the halls seem to generate echos, so if there is noise, the sound gets bounced around alot. The hotel is located off of Los Ramblas. I felt safe the entire time I was there. Its not the best neighborhood, but you should not have a problem walking to or from the hotel. There was internet access provided in the lobby of the hotel. The staff seemed o.k. The water was hot in the shower. Hard wood floors in the rooms. You can catch a bus to and from the airport for about 3.50 euros and buy tickets on the bus. The bus stop is right outside the front of the airport. It will take you to the north end of Los Ramblas square, (although it makes a few stops along the way). The walk to the hotel from here is fairly easy. Where the bus lets you off, you can catch to go back to the airport. Metro and bus are very easy in Barcelona. Also there is a laundry mat right next to the hotel. About 5 euros to wash, 1 euro each 10 minutes to dry.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kepijs
<Content>All you need Just returned from Europe with 4-nights at the Hotel Principal. Perfect location. Simple hotel with free internet in the lobby. My room was very small ( but very nice, clean ) Staff was great. My room was ready on my arrival ( 9:30 am ! ) For 68 euro per night I felt was a good price.Although the street it's on was intimidating, proved to be safe even returning late. Would select in again  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights on our honeymoon. The hotel and rooms were very clean, they have ac and the rooms have a private bathroom. The staff is helpful, and the hotel is located right by the La Ramblas. A good place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pobrecita
<Content>spotlees, cool and central Stayed at Hotel Principal for 3 nights in early september and payed 70 euros a night for a double room which was spottlessly clean. The rooms were ensuite with hydro massage shower, had air-con and a flat screen tv. A little on the small side perhaps but there is so much to see and do in Barcelona that we didn't spend much time in the room. The location was great, just tucked off Las Ramblas by the church of Saint Agusti. Would definately say there again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ozanita
<Content>No charm or character Centrally located in a rather seedy street close to the Ramblas. The rooms were clean and sufficient but the hotel is totally devoid of any Spanish character or charm. Currently under renovation (Sept. 04), the stairwells are closed (elevator only) and there is a lot noise from power tools, paint smells.. Check to see if renovations have ceased if you plan to stay there and confirm rates which by law must be posted in the rooms or foyer (110 euros double, 95 euro single = 7% tax.) There is no bar/restaurant as stated on their website. Area and hotel not for me next time.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth considering - we had a very good experience This place is unpretentious, good value and has excellent reception staff. Our room (at the back of the hotel and recently upgraded) was more than adequate - very clean and comfortable. (I got a much better room rate booking via expedia than by direct booking - worth knowing).  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value and excellent location Having just returned from a weekend break to Barcelona with 10 friends, I found Hotel Principal to be really good value for money. Just off Las Ramblas, the area outside the hotel is slightly dodgy so just keep an eye on luggage etc. Once inside you are greeted by very friendly reception staff who are very eager to help with any requests. The rooms were extremely clean and comfortable and the bathrooms were excellent, ours was very modern with the added bonus of a power shower. I found the rooms to be really quiet at night. The actual location is fab, just 5 minutes walk from Las Ramblas, close to all the shops and restaurants (gorgeous veggie restaurant opposite called Organic, worth a try!) I would definately recommend this hotel as a great base for a short break and will stay there again when I next visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bathrooms dirty! We stayed at this hotel October 2003. The bathroom was terribly dirty! I asked to be transfered to a newer room, but there was none available. Location didn't feel too safe either. I transfered and forfeited my refund. Not worth it. Make sure you stress that you want the newly rennovated room.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel The only fault of this hotel was that it was a bit noisy at night with other guests coming and going. Other than that it was clean and tidy, plenty of hot water and clean towels in the bathroom. The staff on reception all spoke fantastic English and couldn't have been more helpful. Breakfast was a buffet with a selection of hot and cold food. Other guests ranged from backpackers to olders couples and families.The hotel itself is located about half way up Las Ramblas on a small side street, within easy walk of loads of bars and restaurants. Would certainly recommend it to anyone planning on visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good base for our city visit We have just stayed at this Hotel from 27.04.04 to 01.05.04, and I was worried before I arrived having read th reviews on the internet. It was clean, safe and provided a good base for oour city break. It is not on the most outwardly pretty street but we were able to walk about at night time without problems. The staff were good and the hotel and rooms were clean and functional, the bathrooms were fine and the safe provided additional security. I admit it was not five stars but you pay for what you get and we only wanted a safe clean and secure place to sleep and to base or visit. If this is what you require then this hotel will fit the bill. Free internet access was a real bonus.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BIS
<Content>Good Base Have just returned from 3 nights in Barcelona at the Hotel Principal 26.04.04 - 29.04.04. I was slightly worried because of some of the reviews I had read, but all was fine. Hotel is in an excellent location, near to Ramblas but without all the noise, the Street it's on is not the nicest in Barcelona, however, we felt comfortable walking through it, even at night. Our room was clean and comfortable, there was always hot water and everything worked, okay, the shower could not be 'hung up' but I have often come across this in Europe.There was a good self service selection at breakfast and again the room was clean and functional.All the staff were pleasant, there is a left luggage area in reception if you need to leave your bag after checking out. Free internet access is a bonus.All in all a good choice for a reasonably priced stay in Barcelona. It's certainly not the 'Ritz' but its certainly not the 'Pitts' either!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All we could reasonably expect - and more! Clean, comfortable hotel which belied its star rating. Staff were all very pleasant and most helpful. We were visiting Barcelona to celebrate my wife's birthday and you can imagine her delight when we arrived back on that evening to find a bottle of champagne on ice in the room with the compliments of the management! Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very friendly staff Very friendly staff, good location, in quiet central street close to harbour, shops and within 2 minutes walk from the Ramblas main shopping/restaurant areas.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>At least it's clean from the outside your heart sinks when you first see it, but once your in the hotel your pleasently surprised. the room i stayed in was spotless (although a little small) the bathroom was perfect good shower and large bath. well worth every penny/euro.... later on in your stay you'll be pleased to find the hotel exterior isnt falling down and it isnt a derilict building as first thought because you'll find the whole of the tourist area (LA RAMBLA) is a dump.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel - good location Stayed at Principal 5 days in november - in a big room in the not renewed section. Second floor with a nice balcony to the street. We think this hotel gives value for money - and is above average in its class. It has a friendly, professional staff in every function important to guests: reception, breakfast and cleaning. We appreciated very much living close to the Gothic Quarter - and Rambla. Hotel Principal will be our choice next time we visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for money I just wanted to say Thank You for a great stay! In addition to very comfortable lodgings, I found everyone at hotel to be pleasant and accommodating. I would highly recommend your hotel to others traveling to Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst hotel ever! do not stay here. First time I have ever written to something like this but I had to warn you! This was the worst hotel ever. The expression 'too small to swing a cat' definitely originated here. The doors to room were made of mdf, the thinnest version. The walls were so thin u could here every conversation (and everrything else!) from next door! the bathroom had a shower that u had to hold yourself and a bath that u could not sit in. No plugs! When asked to change rooms, they conveniently forgot how to speak English! STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE ... the street??  
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice decent hotel   showReview(1378402, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wouldn't stay again   showReview(1374232, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CKSL
<Content>Good Location   showReview(1371722, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't go   showReview(1230177, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good base   showReview(987980, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Principal   showReview(923160, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well Placed. February 15/03   showReview(859157, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well...   showReview(854841, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, Central and Cheap!   showReview(838043, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel pr猫s des ramblas dans une...   showReview(22823047, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Las instalaciones buenas,buen...   showReview(22306009, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>baptistin
<Content>grande satisfaction   showReview(21527313, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>flolatortue
<Content>accueil pas sympathique   showReview(21479339, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	1	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>C'茅tait notre premier s茅jour 脿...   showReview(21662933, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bagno e asciugamani non...   showReview(20522182, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr freundliches Personal...   showReview(20387268, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione per girare la...   showReview(22197314, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo centrale,molto...   showReview(18522128, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cyberstern
<Content>Dunkle Zimmer und Jugendherbergscharakter!   showReview(17646176, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho fatto questo viaggio con i...   showReview(17679375, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mimmia76
<Content>Bellissimo l'Hotel Principal!   showReview(16605047, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Salve!! sono stata bene in...   showReview(16725646, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo per la pulizia della...   showReview(14202609, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moba77
<Content>un ottima scelta   showReview(14063544, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage,leider kein...   showReview(14421976, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spandiv
<Content>Confort OK, un peu bruyant.       salle de douche  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bella struttura, molto migliore...   showReview(14624277, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel si trova a poco pi霉 di...   showReview(13532726, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brunombo
<Content>Ottima sistemazione   showReview(12287286, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pulito,accogliente,silenziosissi...   showReview(12651977, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comodissimo alle ramblas, e al...   showReview(12649680, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sei veramente vicino alle...   showReview(12648910, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel da consigliare...   showReview(11413263, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Manque d'une chaise dans la...   showReview(11413264, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>petberlin
<Content>Mehr Sein als Schein! Das beste 2 Sterne Hotel, das ich kenne!!!   showReview(11069229, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ruhige,zentrale Lage   showReview(11668245, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ferrarina
<Content>Che hotel ...Principal!   showReview(10087554, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Les receptionnistes ne parlent...   showReview(11413268, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅莽ue par l'accueil que j'avais...   showReview(11413266, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel correspond totalement...   showReview(11413267, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo situato veramente in...   showReview(22197313, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel pour un 2...   showReview(11413270, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 una struttura molto...   showReview(11413269, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione strategica per...   showReview(12649145, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Niente da dire gia stato in...   showReview(11413271, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>IRISSTORM
<Content>STRATEGICO PRINCIPAL   showReview(7796911, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima sistemazione per una...   showReview(11413262, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel est谩 cerca de La...   showReview(11413272, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sarah75Udine
<Content>Bello ma ....   showReview(7624803, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage perfekt, jedoch kleine hellh枚rige Zimmer   showReview(11433020, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zimmer 501 ist ein Traum...   showReview(11433019, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel Principal liegt sehr...   showReview(11413273, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein sehr angenehmes Hotel. Mein...   showReview(11413265, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pessima accettazione. La stanza...   showReview(11413275, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons 茅t茅 tr猫s satisfait...   showReview(11413274, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Zimmer sind sehr sch枚n und...   showReview(22197312, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale albergo vicino alle...   showReview(11413276, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel liegt sehr zentral. 2...   showReview(22197311, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 molto pulito e le...   showReview(22197319, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione ottima, praticamente...   showReview(11413277, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel carino, personale...   showReview(22197318, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo alberghetto per giovani...   showReview(22197317, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Camere sufficentemente...   showReview(11413278, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cet h么tel est super,tr猫s calme...   showReview(11413279, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo situato in posizione...   showReview(11413280, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo di qualita...   showReview(11413281, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel si trova vicino alle...   showReview(11413282, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bell'albergo, a pochi metri...   showReview(11413283, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nonostante fosse un 2 stelle e...   showReview(22197330, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un 茅tablissement recommandable...   showReview(11413284, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel correspondant exactement...   showReview(11413286, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo, comodo in quanto...   showReview(11413285, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 in una zona...   showReview(11413287, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dopo attento esame dei giudizi...   showReview(22197329, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Este hotel es muy recomendable...   showReview(22197328, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona posizione in pieno centro...   showReview(11413288, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione per chi ama il...   showReview(11413289, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Anche se a prima vista i...   showReview(22197327, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Exelente por la cercan铆a con...   showReview(22197326, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo per hotel principal , ma...   showReview(22197332, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il nous 茅t茅 propos茅 脿 notre...   showReview(11413290, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comodo al centro ed alle...   showReview(22197325, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Avendo letto i vari giudizi su...   showReview(11413291, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La zona forse pu貌 spaventare a...   showReview(11413292, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel..ottima la posizione...   showReview(22197331, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'Hotel 猫 dietro la Bouqueria...   showReview(22197333, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zimmer sehr sch枚n und ruhig...   showReview(11413293, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo recentemente...   showReview(11413294, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nella stanza 117 non c'猫 manco...   showReview(11413295, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stanze piccole , poca pulizia...   showReview(11413296, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zimmer und Ausstattung sehr...   showReview(11413297, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel esta siendo...   showReview(11413298, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bei der Ankunft hatte das Hotel...   showReview(11413299, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

