<Author>ParrotSue
<Content>Our stay in Amsterdam DUMP!!!!!!!! I have no idea how this dump made it into the Top 10 guide book. Basically this place is a flophouse. Filthy carpets, wallpaper falling off the walls. DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Drin
<Content>Good, central Budget Hotel I was quiet worried about staying at the Hotel Keizersgracht after reading some of the reviews but be assured that the Hotel Keizersgracht is a good 3 star budget hotel. Staff were helpful and we encountered no problems with them. Our room was small but served its purpose. A little updating would go a long way here but the room was clean. The bathroom was modern and clean. Fresh towels were supplied everyday. The hotel is in easy walking distance to the main centre of things. This is a good hotel for budget travellers who just need a place to base themselves. we did not avail of the breakfast at the hotel as there are plenty of nice restaurants to eat breakfast for better value.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>kontf
<Content>Simple, Basic  As my title said. Its Simple, Basic  Clean. Nothing more or less. It was a trip for 3 blokes, we had 3 single beds, with good clean white sheets-changed everyday. Towel and Shower Gel provided. Very convenient location and strategic as well - cuz there are local stores and food places to buy a and make a sandwich or just eat out.Its not a place anything more than for singles only. Its nowhere near romantic unless your partner its very easy going and not fussed. Its just a clean room u can sleep and shower.Fantastic and friendly staff. I guess i'll come back again if I am on a low budget trip and just wanna have a good short w/end fun in Amsterdam.TIP: try calling the Hotel directly rather than booking thru the websites, you can almost knock off easily 10-20Euro off website prices.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>millio
<Content>I take groups I am a group organiser and use this hotel, which used to be a hostel, for students because it is cheap, and the best value for low cost accommodation in Amsterdam. Its location is ideal!The carpet doesn't look clean but this is mainly because it is light grey and any marks show up. They assure me that they are going to alter the flooring soon. There do need to be other general improvements, too. With a little more care and attention it could be pleasant.However, all in all the standard is acceptable. Mike.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ACADE
<Content>Ideal for Lads Weekend Away First things first, this is not the place to stay if you want a romantic break away with your partner, nor is it ideal for older travellers or those looking for a bit of comfort. However, if some of the previous reviewers had an bit of common sense they would have figured that out quite quickly from the price of the rooms. When you pay for a skoda don't expect a merc. This hotel does not make itself out to be anything other than what it is --- basic accomodation, (mainly) for young people looking to have a good time who are not too fussed about where they stay. If you're worried about decor and can afford to take the time to pick out all the faults in a place you've obviously got way too much time on your hands. The bed linen was clean, the bathroom/toilets were spotless and the hotel was within walking distance of all the major attractions. The person who mentioned something about rats/mice has obviously little understanding of a city thats primarily built upon a waterway system. Amsterdam is old and full of canals, no matter where you go it will be suseptible to rodents because of this. This is not a reflection on the hotel itself so much as the city structure as a whole --- personally we found no sign of any infestation. To sum up, this is not going to win any prizes for comfort, it is basic but it's clean where it needs to be and it's right in the city centre --- what more do you want?  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	1	

<Author>poepinna
<Content>Welcome to hell I have booked this hotel because I liked the area in which we had lived some years ago. Despite its excellent location it is just a tourist hell. Carpet and wallpaper seem to be so dirty that one wonders, if there was ever a cleaning or renovation in the last 150 years. The room stank strongly. When I came back at night the receptionist was completely stoned standing in the middle of the entrance and inviting me to the ratty bar. In the room itself also someone seemed to have been in it because there were ashes in the bin and black hairs in the sink which have not been there before I had left. In bed i notice that the bed-lamp was broken and the ventilator in the bath-room made the whole night every two minutes a peep-sound which made it hardly possible to sleep with this built-in permanent alarm-clock. But I guess to go down to ask the stoned receptionist would have been also a bad idea. In the morning I was supposed to have breakfast in the bar at 8.00h but none was there. after knocking for five minutes at the reception door, the stoned receptionist showed up in his undershirt. I said I would like to have my 8 EUR back I paid for breakfast, but he refused, saying that he had prepared breakfast (where???). However please do not go to this hotel. Read the other reviews and it is really like they describe, maybe even worse.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SouthWalesMeredith
<Content>Not as bad as it sounds Having booked the hotel for a stag weekend we were not expecting the Ritz but having read the reviews we were all wondering what this place would hold for us. We found the staff helpful with no bother arranging later return times (Normally 3am but we arranged 4am with no problems on both nights of our stay). It has to be said though the rooms were very basic! Don't book this for a romantic weekend away, your lady will hate it! The location was good and in walking distance of Central station. To sum up the hotel it's great if you are on a stag do and just want a place to put your head for a couple of hours but don't bring the wife and kids!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	1	3	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>VannHarl
<Content>Cheap and Cheerful       Bar  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pete38
<Content>Disgusting hotel should be knocked down , rooms stunk , carpets seemed alive, mould on walls, staff tried to con us by saying we still owed them 500 euros which was false as we had all the relevant paperwork, oh a nearly forgot about 2 rooms being robbed . passports stolen and a load of clothes, please dont go to ths dire place.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>pgtaddress
<Content>The first place I check for a bed in Amsterdam I make a reason to stay in Amsterdam at least once each year. Perhaps 10 years ago I discovered what hostels or shared hotel rooms were when, for want of a cheap hotel in a crowded Amsterdam, I found myself going with another guy from the train station who had called around and found beds available at the Hotel Keizergracht. It was the first time I experienced a place selling a bed for the night, not a room, and I found the place acceptably clean with the basic amenities needed for hostel sleeping and going out in Amsterdam: Clean linens on beds made up each day, shower with soap and towels, drinking glasses; all cleaned each day of a stay. The rooms, at least the quads and triples, are airy, bright, and clean -- though I did find mosquitoes at night a problem one year. The locale is generally very quiet, so you can expect a peaceful night. The feeling of security is good. Now I contrast this to stays in other hostels in Amsterdam: Some I found equal in overall comfort, and some I found to be quite a disappointment. But in terms of room comfort, I have not found a better hostel. Yes, there is a 3:00 AM curfew (which I have never tested), and this on occasion has limited my nightlife involvements. On the plus side, their check-out time is later than that of other hostels in Amsterdam, 11:30 I think. I do remember the scrawl on the door to the small elevator, as well as fresh linen stacked in corridors which I assumed meant the housekeepers were doing their work. I have never taken breakfast there, knowing that I can probably get a good value at nearby restaurants. I did not find the common areas well-populated, meaning that one of the pleasures of hosteling, meeting like-minded travelers, is limited to who might be also assigned to your room. But I found the staff friendly and helpful, and I've been happy that they seem to recognize me (from an earlier stay) when I show up at their reception seeking a bed in a quad (lowest rate!) I am always disappointed if they are fully booked.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ukstudent
<Content>ok for students on a budget We were really worried after reading the reviews and having second thoughts about staying at the hotel. However, the hotel turned out to be ok - a bit worn - but clean linens and bathroom. Probably wouldn't stay there again - but did not run into any of the rat traps or other extremes that previous travelers mentioned. In short - if you're on a limited budget and need a bed - it's fine.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>JackQuest
<Content>Good location, basic and clean Sure the room was pretty basic, just 2 single beds and a lamp, but the ensuite was fairly modern and very clean, the room was cleaned every day, and the location is great, Just a short walk to Central station and the main street. It's not the Hilton but it's just what we needed for a short stay.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>oakdebor
<Content>Adequate We had read the bad reviews on the web page and was in a real panic about whether to cancel, but decided not to. When we arrived ( 2 couples) we were greeted at the door by a friendly lady. We were able to lock our luggage away until it was time to book in. Our rooms were basic but very clean. The overall appearance of the Hotel is shabby, needs revamping. But it is in a lovely location just a short walk away from the shops and all the staff were friendly. We were a little disapointed we had no tea and coffee facilites in our room but the staff were more than happy to make you one in the bar area.We had room service every day with clean towels (not something you get in spain) The sheets on the bed were crisp and clean and yes the carpets had seen better days but then the Hotel served it purpose. We were out all day and most of the night. I would recommend it, like I have mentioned the bathroom and beds were exceptionally clean what more can you ask.For those who didn't like it I would suggest paying a bit more money next time if you want better.I will send photos when I have had them developed.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dannyton1971
<Content>The Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in.       Part of the ceiling  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>teammonkey
<Content>Welcome to Hell - like it said in the lift! Some friends and myself stayed at this hotel for 7 nights last week and found the standards of cleanliness a shock. Upon entering the room the first thing to strike us was the smell. The room smelled like it hadnt been aired in a long time, with a musty old smokey smell. My friends bed sheet had a bloodstain on it and despite having the bed linen changed everyday the bottom sheet was never changed only the top. Aside from smell and the sheets the wallpaper on the walls was peeling off and in one corner seemed to have damp or be peeling due to a leak. There was graffitti on the window frame and balcon (in the room). The picture in the room was torn and it seemed someone had smeared pizza over the back of the door which was never cleaned off the whole week we were there. Before booking this 'hell' we didnt realise the hotel had a curfew of 3am and as fairly young adults this cut into our club time seen as most clubs in Amsterdam open around 11.30pm. Several times we missed curfew and were forced to stay with friends who live in the city. The one good thing about the hotel is the pool table which we made alot of use of seen as there was no form of entertainment in the room. The table was 1Euro per game which was very good compared to the pool hall or nearby coffeeshops. However the bar was a let down due to the lack of staffing and the extortionate drinks prices (2 Euros for a can of coke so i dare not think what Beer was)The staff on the whole were very pleasant and friendly. However one day a friend who had visited the hotel before and left something there came by to collect it and the lady on reception did send a message up to the room and would not let them up which i found very rude. Other than that though, we had no problem with the staff.Now me personally, i'm a student and am used to roughing it and not worrying about luxury, and my friends also were not expecting luxury but there are basic standards of hygine and clenliness you expect, not just in a hotel but just from day to day living and i dont think our expectations were high by just wanting clean sheets (we can even live with peeling wallpaper...)  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>montana75
<Content>a pure hell hole. i would advise no one to stay in this hotel, it is a dirty place it is stinking, wee booked three rooms one of them had a rat box, the hotel has rats a bloody disgrace, i would advise no one to stay there, i would rather lie on the street DONT GO THERE!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>dog221
<Content>Don't ever stay at this hotel simply Lousy!!! Whoever reads this please don't stay in this hotel! It's not worth the money you pay Euro 85 per night is simply too much for a really dirty hotel with no fans (extremely hot in the summer) no drink facilities, dirty carpet, no customer service and fills with bugs, the bar are simply useless expennsive drinks and broken facilities. Whoever wrote the other reviews is right about being central and basic (yeah you don't get anything) and certainly not worth the money you pay!!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Owenowen
<Content>No frills ... great for stags 'n' hens OK, some people say this hotel is dirty ... or whatever. But, let's put this place into context.The hotel has a bar, table football, pool table, is just 10 mins walk from most of Amsterdam's sights (be those sights be sleazy OR cultural) and is within 10-12 minutes' walk of Centraal Station.Also, the Keizersgracht does not pretend to be a plush place for couples or better-off 40-plus types.I stayed with a mate for a couple of nights during the week of the UEFA Cup Final in Holland, and found this hotel to be perfect for our requirements ie: cheap and central. For a major Western city the room rate was staggeringly cheap - ergo, more money for beer. Cleanliness was not great - I found a dead mouse by the radiator in our room, but what the hell. We just left it there and told the lady at reception who apologised profusely. But the main thing was that the beds were spotless, and the bathroom clean. If you are lads or lasses on the beers who just want a safe pillow in what can be a unpredictable city, but require no frills, you'd do a lot worse than stay here.Another plus point, there are bucketloads of bars and restaurants within yards of this place. Oh, and the immediate environs are very pretty - gabled houses and canals.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay well away!! Myself and some work colleagues stayed here for a few nights. Worst mistake we ever made, the rooms weren't that clean, the carpets were disgusting could not be walked on without wearing shoes. There was a wasps nest just outside of one of the windows of someone elses room, so they were not able to open the window. One of my colleagues was also bitten twice during the night. In another room there was a metal bar running across the room, basically to stop my colleague walking beyond it which made us think that there was problems with the building structure. So as a company and as an advisor I suggest to any one not to stay here.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>whittboy
<Content>Great value for money Not a 5* by any means but very central and clean enough, pool table and bar were great for the lads and this was just the place we were looking for to spend a stag weekend.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go there if you can help it!!! Myself, my partner and 13 other people aged 32 to 60 reluctantly stayed at this Hotel. From 1st to 3rd Oct 2004. It looked grubby from outside. The lobby was neet and tidy. No more than 2 people at a time with luggage could fit in the lift. So going up the stairs was bad. They were broken ie chipped at the edges narrow and awkward. All the carpets upstairs and in the room were filthy, full of stains and probably could have walked out on their own. In our room the bathroom door handle came off into my hand twice so you were in there until it could be opened. The beds were clean  the rooms were very basic with no drink facilities ie tea coffee. student type. The bar area had tea coffee  you could have bottles, cans or spirits and these were expensive. eg Whisky  water 7euros50. The pool table was broken and it was 1 euro, hard to get your money back. Overall none of us would go back there again. Some staff were helpful but others were not. We didnt have breakfast apparantly it was continental. YUK!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

