<Author>harbir77
<Content>Awesome Everything about this resort was great. My wife and I had such a wonderful time that we are already looking for flights to go back. The resort is spectacular! The staff is extremely friendly and they were all very helpful. Everywhere we went the folks were really nice, either the bar, the beach, the front desk, room service or house cleaning. It's a really great place for couples because of the location of the hotel, which is in south Puerto Rico, far far away from the hectic hustle and bustle of San Juan. And because it's so far away from the high-traffic, high-pollution San Juan, the weather is much better than San Juan. We landed in San Juan and it was raining. Then we went on a one-day trip to San Juan and it was raining. Then on the flight back, it was raining again in San Juan. We stayed in Ponce 6 days and it DID NOT rain even once. The closest it got was a bit overcast in the evening one night. The breakfast is awesome! The other two restaurants at the resort are awesome! We had so much fun that we didn't even go to the Casino. We highly recommend this resort for anyone looking for a romantic getaway or with a family with kids.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BoomBoom21
<Content>Convenient  When I say Above Average I'm comparing to sparse alternative offerings in the Ponce area (and being an avid golfer, this place having no competition in the south central portion to the island). The resort was easy to get to and conveniently located, but it (in the greater worldwide scheme of things) wasn't anything close to special. Furthermore (aside from the outstanding 27 hole on site golf course), it was not redeeming other than it was situated on the ocean (to be more precise, the Carribean Sea) and had two separate pool and beach areas (one moderate size family pool with large beach area at hotel, and another dazzling adult pool with small beach area at the golf course clubhouse complex). We ate out in town, but availed ourselves to the bar lounge area (good, but expensive mixed drinks and beer) and to the casino (okay, but not exciting and no Vegas - or Mesquite, for that matter). The rooms were clean and all have a view toward the ocean overlooking the gardened grounds, but it was not spacious or memorable. At this low season stay, we still had to pay a AAA rate of $160 and pony up an extra $8 parking fee (for the priviledge of parking in one of several hundred unsused spaces in a cavernous parking lot) as well as a $11+ resort fee (were told to pay for groundskeeping costs). All in all, this single night stay (and playing the full 27 holes of golf) was fine and dandy, but it doesn't beckon to me to pay a return visit.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Sibernewf
<Content>Nice with its quirks       Beach looking west  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	5	3	3	

<Author>dolphingvp
<Content>Always a 5 star stay! Its always a good trip when you stay at the Ponce Hilton in Ponce Puerto Rico. I just spent 4 days and 3 nights at this facility and as usual I found it clean, the staff extremely friendly, and there was nothing you could need that was not available. Granted this is a 5 star resort, so if your looking for a bare bones cheap stay this is not the place. But if you want to be catered to, have the staff not only know who you are but be able to address you by name. If you want every possible type of food in what ever amount you want at a moments notice. If you want immediate access to 5 restaurants and 7 bars, a business center and an executive lounge. If you want full service spa's, training areas, casinos, night clubs, etc. then this is the place for you! If this sound like your kind of place the run, don't walk to the Costa Caribe Ponce Hilton.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kathymtiru
<Content>Loved It! The hotel is beautiful with spectacular views. Staff are friendly and kind. I've seen remarks written about the double beds and it is true. Double beds not much larger than a single. Our room was right off the pool and feet from the beach. Retrieving the car was simple and quick. The breakfast was great. I would definitely come back. The only major thing we had a problem with but through no fault of the hotel was the putrid smell from the Don Q rum factory. It's enough to make you upchuck. Other than that - GREAT TIME. Check in/Check out - 123.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AdvicePro
<Content>Executive Tower the Best Bet This hotel is the best in town. And the best deal is to be upgraded to the Executive Tower -- which gives you access to the lounge with (2) computers (free) to check email, continental breakfasts, afternoon snacks, cold drinks, tea/coffee, and at 5:30 pm small sandwiches and crudites, at 7:30 desert and liquers. In the evening, the honor bar is quite reasonable -- $5 for a glass of wine. You could make some of your meals here from the snacks and certainly save on expensive sodas, etc etc. Plus the concierge person manning the desk there can assist with tourist info, restaurants, etc. etc. The hotel isn't perfect -- it took 2 days to find out about the valet parking set up -- we were stopping at the desk each time to get our ticket stamped. Nothing was actually every explained to us about their faciities or various options. We had to explore and learn on our own. And if you are with a family -- keep in mind that their double beds are barely larger than a single; okay for very small kids only.That being said -- the main pool is the one for families and children. If you are an older (or romantic) couple and wish a bit less noise, you can take the shuttle (from the front of the hotel) to the country club and use their hot tub and pool. They will ask you to register at the hut where you get your towels (and you're given a wrist band to wear) but during the day the place is so much calmer. At either location there is a very small black sand beach...nothing to write home about ; it might entertain you for a very short walk to find some shells or old pieces of polished glass but not to sit on (although there are a few chairs at each). Keep in mind that it takes about 15 to 20 minutes for the shuttle to ever show up -- there's no set schedule.We only ate a couple meals at the hotel -- one lunch at the pool bar -- decent. Had the chicken fingers which came with fries (only $12) from the appetizer list. Sodas were around $3 each. The other meal we had was at the Sushi restaurant (not open everyday) at the country club part. This was just okay. A bit disappointing with limited selections but good for a change from fried foods and mofongos..and yes, expensive for the portions served. For kids -- there is the pool as mentioned, a playground area near the beach, and a small arcade area inside that was kept quite busy. For adults -- there is entertainment advertised on the weekends. Wasn't there then so no idea whether this is worth it or not. The casino is small but decent. Had variety of slots/machines and games. Wasn't very crowded or busy when we were there.The fitness room -- is decently equipped. Has the usual machines and is conveniently located near the main pool. You must be 18 to use machines.They have a spa/sauna == saw their signs but never had a chance to investigate.Did the two hour city tour (only one now available); you can drive up to see several other sites (may be next time) but didn't have the car at the time. Cab from downtown only cost $10 plus tip to Hilton. People at hotel basically quite friendly and helpful. Material distributed not always up to date, however, so do call (or have them call for you).Directions -- As in all of Puerto Rico, directions are horrible and not very accurate (even the Garmin GPS was off). You will be told go right and it's a left and vice versa. Allow yourself time to get anywhere you are going if this is the first time you're there. Many streets are not marked (signs are down or names change as you drive) plus there is a lot of construction on Rte 2 heading west towards Mayaguez (if going to Pitos restaurant -- recommended by the way)  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	4	2	4	5	

<Author>lpvtraveler
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!!! This hotel was great! The room was immaculate, the sheets  bedspreads (which I'm very picky about) were plush, soft, super clean, no complaints about that. The room itself, when I first walked in, smelled deodorized  properly kept.The pool area was beautiful, the terrace with the colossal columns  dangling lights contributes to a feel of tropical elegance. Gym was OK, but would like them to add more treadmills. But the crown of our stay was the Rest La Cava. As soon as we walked in, the services just outstanding. The waiter  host were professional and proper, yet friendly. They were about to close the restaurant, but decided to cater to us regardless. We contemplated the bottles of wines (and the price tags) of wines from all over the world. The food was fresh, and elegantly served. The souffle for dessert, I still crave to this day its delicious grand manier flavor. Would definitely go back! My husband, my boys (teenagers) really enjoyed the stay and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>roscoesquire
<Content>A great resort destination! I loved my two-week stay here! Great breakfasts, lunches and dinners. Everything is open, and walking around the hotel at midnight is commonplace. It is an open community, with an excellent swimming pool, comfortable rooms, and a great location! The price could be hefty, but if you are on vacation, splurging (moderately) is not a big big issue! Enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EmJay_1956
<Content>Just Great       View from my room  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LuvTravel007
<Content>Best Pina Coladas in all of Puerto Rico The one thing about this hotel is...Best Pina Coladas in all of Puerto Rico. The bartenders (yes all of them) at the sports bar by the pool have a serious bad attitude but they can make a awesome Pina Colada. The resort could use a remodel. It is dated. The staff at the front desk is friendly. The rooms are okay, definitely not U.S. standards for cleanliness. The fine dining restaurant is expensive but very romantic and has good food. There is nothing in Ponce to do. We went to the boardwalk marina area but it was boring. No shops or restaurants. Just a bunch of bars that were the size of a tool shed. I would not go back to this resort.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	5	5	3	

<Author>pixie5008
<Content>Relaxing stay, best breakfast!       View from the room's balcony  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnson2589
<Content>crappy hotel This hotel was not so good on almost all levels. The buffet at terraza was just thawed, pre frozen food....not fresh. Yuck. The service: horrible. I had reserved the suite suitable for 6 people and then gave my room to someone else then gave me (without asking me first) a room suitable for 2 people. When i came back to the desk to explain it took almost 2 hours to correct the problem, which they said was now 3 rooms in the executive tower. But they didn't mention that one room had a murphy bed with no blankets! ahh. The beach here is almost not swim worthy. It is black sand and covered in rocks. The pool is WAY overcrowded. Basically, if you want to stay in a hilton, stay at Hilton Caribe in San Juan. EVERYTHING is better there.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	5	1	1	5	

<Author>YoungTraveler1
<Content>Loved the Hilton Ponce!       Room  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DivingDuoATL
<Content>Excellent Staff, Nice Hotel, Not Activities Destination My husband and I booked this trip as a graduation present for my nephew. We selected Ponce, due to its location on the Caribbean side of Puerto Rico. Overall, the hotel was clean, the staff was extremely accommodating, and we enjoyed our 6 day stay. It wasn't perfect in all respects, but setting proper expectations for the ages and interests of those in your travel party could help when deciding on this property. Below is a recap of our experiences.Staff- Excellent. Upon arrival, we were given a standard room in the Executive Tower. (2 double beds and a single person sofa bed -all in one room) for my husband and me and two 18 year olds teens. We booked a two room suite, so this was unacceptable. After much hard work from Rose Maria Alvarez, the hotel day supervisor, she rectified our situation and we were given side by side rooms. Kudos to her for recognizing the importance of honoring reservations, providing good customer service, and maintaining the loyalty of a Gold Hilton Honors member. We were also impressed by the valet staff that drove us to the Golf club each day, and the activities staff member at the club who helped us push our kayaks (and assist my nephew in getting back in).Food and Accommodation - Stay in the executive tower if you can. It is newer, and you have access to the Executive lounge. A continental breakfast was free each day, and they also had free drinks while you were in the lounge (sodas, waters, juices, etc.) The food at the hotel is average at best. Bar food at the pools, or two buffets (one at the hotel and one at the golf club). For lunch, the buffets are $22. We purchased a buffet discount coupon booklet that provided 10 lunch buffets @ $13 a piece. We would check out the items on the hotel buffet first and then decide if we wanted to ride over to the Golf Club buffet for another option. In general, the food and the view are better at the Golf club. RENT A CAR! We did, and ate dinner out near the mall in Ponce each night. It is about 5 miles away, but you'll want to leave the property as there is nothing else to do around the hotel. While there is a mini mart and gift shop on the property, we bought snacks, soda and water at a store near the mall. The rooms had refrigerators, and with sodas at $2.25 a pop at the hotel, you'll save some money.Activities - My husband and I planned to dive using a shop in Ponce and a shop in Guanica. Unfortunately, not enough divers for EITHER shop to go out, so no diving for us the entire week. This was extremely disappointing and bizarre for the Caribbean. My husband played golf at the resort on 2 days. I spent most of my time at the Golf club pool and beach, which is much nicer and quieter than the hotel pool and beach. Despite being on the Caribbean side of PR, the water is not crystal blue as you would typically expect if you've been to other Caribbean destinations. Sand is brown/gray. Not great, but ok. We also used the fitness center which has old equipment, but has everything you need from machines to free weights. In short, this was a relaxing break from work, but not the dive trip we had hoped for.The 18 year olds in our party struggled a bit. While there was tennis, basketball, table tennis, and the pools, they became somewhat bored after a few days. There are no planned activities (like volleyball games and other activities that you typically find at beach resorts). There seemed to be a lot of locals there that were part of a summer club and weren't too accepting of the guests. With nothing around the hotel to do either, they relaxed a lot. :)Despite this, we are not too hard to please and enjoyed the time away. I hope this information helps those reading to determine if this is the best setting for you. At the end of the day, the hotel was clean, offered good amenities, and is the right choice for those wanting to simply get away and relax.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ATC08
<Content>Only good thing was golf. The hotel only has one pool that was extremely overcrowded with people, the other pool was in the golf club which is about a 5 minute drive, I would recommend the golf course, it was beautiful. But the actual hotel looked like it hadn't been renovated since the 80's,  it was not very clean, our room smelled like a bad car freshner, we didn't even have a duvet cover on our bed there were just two sheets wrapped around the dirty comforter, the food was just OK, I guess I just expect more when you are paying 250 a night.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>bazan111
<Content>I was impressed       Playground  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelBeachBum
<Content>Wonderful and Quiet Hotel! We stayed at the Ponce Hilton for six nights. The hotel was easy to get to from the San Juan airport. The hotel staff was very friendly. The room was very large and clean. The king size bed was very comfortable. I would recommend staying in the Executive Towers because you have access to a continental breakfast and the Internet in the executive lounge. I highly recommend eating at Sancho's Sushi at the hotel. They have the best sushi and the service was awesome! Definitely rent a car when staying in Puerto Rico. There are so many beautiful beaches around the country within several miles. There are tolls on some of the roads so make sure you have quarters. Driving is simple as long as you stay on the main highways. Once you start getting off the main highways the roads are very narrow and scary. Puerto Rico is a beautiful country.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BobIndiana
<Content>Hotel in Ponce The pool in this hotel is great. My room was clean, the bed comfortable and the restaurant was great. I wish my wife had the time to take off and share that experience.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PrettyGoodGolfer
<Content>Had a Fabulous time We had a great time at this resort. There is so much to do at the resort that we only went into town twice. Once to see the historic square and once for dinner. We had an ocean view room on the third floor of one of the executive towers. The day we checked in, the hotel was so uncrowded that we wonder how the stay open. We are glad they do. Our room was large and spotlessly clean. The view from our balcony of the ocean was as good as any I've seen anywhere. We were on a golf package and played the Caribe Country Club for three days. If you think the hotel is uncrowded, you should see the golf course. One day we started at 9:00 a.m. and we were the only two people on the course for the first hour. The course are in very nice condition and enjoyable to play. The only drawbacks to this property are the pool, which is basically a kiddies pool and the price of the food. Portions are plentiful (too large actually) and the quality is good but the prics are a bit high. Fortunately, it is a short cab ride or drive into town to get some excellent seafood at more reasonable prices. Bottom line is we enjoyed ourselves so much, we are considering a week at this resort in the future.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TejasJuez
<Content>Lovely stay We stayed here at the end of December 2007 for one night. The hotel has lovely gardens with fish, ducks, and turtles -- great for entertaining the kiddo. The pool is small but nice, and is saltwater. Because we were here for one night only, we didn't have time to enjoy a lot of the other amenities the hotel offers. If you're not into gambling, don't let the casino scare you. We didn't even know where it was until we were checking out. Unlike Las Vegas, the casino is behind double doors with a small sign, so it's easy to avoid. Our only complaint was that the hair dryer in the bathroom didn't work well, but it wasn't a big deal. Just a warning when traveling to Ponce -- nothing about the hotel here, but it is a buggy place. This was our second trip to the town (first to the Hilton) and both times, the bugs ate us up. Take lots of bug spray.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>traveler80Omaha_NE
<Content>Great weekend away My boyfriend and I traveled to Puerto Rico to visit his parents but we wanted to get away for the weekend. This was the only place we could find with availability (even a month in advance). We were pleasantly surprised. The lobby was large and clean and the front desk personnel were helpful and friendly. We thought the room was modern and clean, and had a small fridge. Our room was ocean/pool view on the first level and we loved being able to walk right out to the beach. The hotel hosted a corporate family day on our last day and set up a huge tent almost right in front of our room. The crew was noisy constructing the tents, so we contacted the front desk and they offered a different room with a worse view, so we stayed. The pool was very small but clean with lots of kids around. We appreciated that the hottub stayed open all night. The sports bar by the pool served good (strong) drinks and good bar-type food. The lobby bar could be loud at night with the entertainment, The beach was windy and the sand was gray -- not overly exciting. We took the free shuttle over to the Costa Caribe Golf Resort pool one day -- they had a much larger and prettier pool, better chairs with umbrellas, decent beach, better poolside bar and slightly larger food menu, and a fabulous view of the golf course and mountains. It's worth it to go use that pool. Overall, we had a great weekend and were comfortable. It's a typical nice large resort. Staff was nice and the hotel was clean. We would go back there again!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>alr3q
<Content>Go Somewhere Else If you can, go somewhere else in the Caribbean. Ponce, as a town, is pretty awful, with nothing to see, many abandoned buildings and little to do outside of going to the beach, which definitely has some shady people loitering around. As for the hotel, I'm sure it was nice... 25 years ago. Currently, it's tired and doesn't deserve the category 5 rating it gets from Hilton. As a caveat, I don't have a family, and this hotel is big on kid-friendly activities, and I didn't play golf, so individuals with those travel requirements may feel differently. But in a word, I found this hotel disappointing. I have stayed at Hilton's in Hawaii (Hawaiin Village) and Barbados, as well at other hotels (Marriott  Sheraton) in St. Thomas and Bermuda. I found all of those hotels far exceed the quality of accommodations and service at the Ponce Hilton. The rooms here have turquoise industrial-quality tile (think nursing home), turquoise walls and 2 rugs on each side of the bed that look like they are from wal-mart. The luxury bathrooms you expect at such a hotel are non-existent. The bathrooms are utilitarian at best (think HoJo) - and were far exceeded in luxury and comfort by the hampton inn at which we stayed in San Juan. Room service plates sit outside doors all day and into the night. Although the grounds are pretty, the only medium-sized pool does not have a seperate area for adults only (as they do in Barbados) and it is overrun with kids, both on vacation and local kids who presumably belong to Hilton's beach club. There is also no supervision - we literally saw a group of kids screaming profanities at each other and egging on two little girls to hit one another. No one intervened. Towels are hard to find and gone by noon. The one hot tub, which holds 6-8 people, had pineapple rinds both inside and surrounding the tub. The work out facilities, like the hotel, are outdated with only 2 rickety treadmills. All of the Hilton's I stay at for work (52 nights in this past year alone) are superior to this hotel. Luckily, we used points to stay here and although we are disappointed, at least we did not pay hundreds of dollars a night.IF you do stay here, one very bright spot is Nadine, the concierge who is extremely helpful, candid and friendly. Also we had a good meal at La Cava and although expensive, the quality of the food befits the price.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	2	2	2	4	

<Author>asdfRi
<Content>3 Star hotel pretending to be a 5 star hotel Beware. This hotel pretends to be considered 5 stars, but at best they are a 3 star with ocean view. The service ranges from OK to mediocre, and the food is very expensive. The rooms are nothing to die for, and the main lobby is way too dark considering the extremely elevated crime rate of the area. If you are driving to the property you'll have to pay a parking fee. The interesting fact is that they have no personnel at the gate because a bunch of crooks assaulted them with shotguns and took all the money from their petty cash (a hotel employee actually told me this fact). So yes, crime will be at your doorstep, so be extremely careful and on the lookout.Some of the hotel staff are nice, but in general they don't make you feel welcome to the place.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>nycvegas
<Content>Great get Away Just got back after 4 night stay. The hotel itself is great , exceptionally clean, well maintained and quiet. There are staff members that need to be trained in hospitality and being cordial. They have a little casino which caters mostly to locals and unfortunately theres a lot of nepotism. Customer grievances are handled hap-hazardly and unprofessionally. The wait staff really try to treat customers like family and do a fantastic job. The casino rates players but All I was able to get after 4 days of blackjack at $10 a hand was 4 virgin pina coladas, I took them. The slots are just tight . Since its that nicest hotel in the area I don't have much to choose from. Since my family lives in the area I have to deal with it. If you come here hope for a positve experience but remember youv'e been warned. It's in a isolated spot, there plenty of sun but beach is like volcanic ash. They charged $4.50 for guests to park overnight even thoough I was in the casino playing but locals have parking validated. They charge a $11.90 resort tax and there are no boats, kayaks or beach toys. They have a little gym and restaurants I did not patronize. A day trip to Ponce area can be done in three hours.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kelmya
<Content>Excellent retreat This is our third visit to Ponce Hilton. In addition to its excellent staff, Ponce Hilton offers many amenities at a reasonable rate. We walked around the grounds (kept very clean) in the morning and used the fitness center and the pool in the main hotel. We did not have time to use the pool at the Clubhouse, but we highly recommend it to those who prefer a quieter setting. Mosquitoes were not a huge problem. The hotel sprayed at night and kept the grounds free of debris. As for food, we had the continental breakfast and lunch at the hotel. The cold breakfast buffet offers numerous choices including fresh fruit, yogurt, soy, juices, cheeses, cereals, pastries, etc. You have the option of a hot breakfast as well. Ponce Hilton is an excellent choice if you plan to explore historic Ponce and Puerto Rico's southern beaches, forests, and other natural preserves. Before you venture out, make sure to stop at the front desk to confirm travel routes and other important information. We were planning to visit Gilligan's Island during our stay but changed our plans based on the information the consierge obtained from the boat operator when she contacted the company on our behalf. The main dock at Gilligan's had been damaged by recent period of heavy rain. The boat was still operating but accessibility was more difficult.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Phaser
<Content>Mosquito and dengue fever My wife and I drove from San Juan to stay 1 night.The hotel is nice but not great. The hotel and rooms are dated modern.Our room was OK, had a fridge, loved the A/C. Being a Diamond VIP, I had a selection of chocolates and strawberry and a large bottle of Fiji water waiting.The hotel has a casino which doesn't even call my attention. A nicely styled outdoor pool, a poor, ratty fitness center, a so-so beach area (watch out for the undertow) with soft, fine dark sand.All rooms are accessed from the exterior. We were in the executive tower which I guess is supposed to be exclusive.NOW, the very bad part: Perhaps due to the recent rains per a local (Ponce is on the leeward side of the island--drier and hotter) or not, but there was a horrendous mosquito invasion that could not be avoided even in the rooms. Despite heavy chemical spraying, they thrived loving the recessed door and patio areas of each room. Did I mention that Puerto Rico is closely monitoring an outbreak of dengue fever? We and others were running and flailing our arms and towels when going outside the rooms--remember all rooms are accessed from the exterior. It truly was horrible. We slept with the A/C fan on high (very impressive), temp set at 60 degrees with the ceiling fan on high over the bed--we slept with the covers covering our heads all because of the mosquitoes.Not even the free night using points was comforting and I still paid for parking.Nothing great at all.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Ledstewart
<Content>Nice, clean Good rate on hotwire, not a bad place. Nothing much around it though, kind of isolated. Decent hotel, exotic looking pool. not bad.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>missesc
<Content>Wedded Bliss I was getting married at a local mansion, Castillo Serralles about 15 minutes away and felt this would be the best place to host my guests, and did not regret it.We started planning our wedding in March and had continious communication with Enid Montes in customer service. She is by far one of the most helpful persons there. She ensured that our guests got the best accomidations, and catered to their every need. She was also helpful in getting a limo two days before our wedding, and gave wonderful recommendations for local venues.The day of my wedding they allowed me to check into my room in the morning in order to relax and get ready for the chaotic day. My husband and I booked a spa day the day before and the girls at the spa are AMAZING. Gladys and Carla were so friendly and did a wonderful job. On the day of my wedding my stylist cancelled and Gladys was able to acommodate me the morning of the wedding.The room service was a bit slow, but I understood the hotel was hosting two conventions that weekend..so I was not disturbed.In terms of the appearance....I LOVED IT. The pool is open 24 hours a day, and each pool is clean and enough to host children and adults alike. True indeed once you leave the facilities it's not as picturesque as you'd like it to be but in all my travels I've encountered the same experience. I will say that my non Spanish speaking guests were able to get to hotel quickly because it is right off of Highway 2.My husband and I have decided that whenever we go to the enchanted island of Puerto Rico we will have to stay at least one night at the Ponce Hilton. We love it and would recommend the hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cbce1pjb
<Content>Best hotel in the area I have stayed at this hotel at least 15 times and finally decided to write a review. This is nicest hotel in the area. Nice pool area . The beach area is nothing to write home about. After you leave the hotel beach area, the walk along the beach to the city park is nothing more than a garbage dump. I have always stayed on business. The executive lounge area room is a great benefit if you are Hilton Honors Gold. Free internet ,free snacks etc. Rooms are above average.The rooms in the Tower are newer but more walking.self parking only 4.50. Be prepared for slow service in the resturant for dinner. I usually go to the bar for a smaller menu and faster service. All the common areas are non smoking.The staff is excellent.Slow service in resturants is typical in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Digital824
<Content>I'll be back!!! This past July, we hotel hopped, Stayed in Fajardo, Isla Verde, and Ponce. Staying in Ponce allowed us to visit the central part of the Island (many mountains and incredibly beautiful) wich was only about half hour away. The northern part of Island was about 1 hour away and the West coast 30-45 min drive. We had never stayed at the Hilton, reading the reviews here helped us decide to risk it. Well worth it. Unfortunately, We only spent evenings and mornings there and did not enjoy the facilities enough. The next time down, we will spend more time at the hotel.The rooms were clean, neat and a sort of modern decor. The open lobby invites you to stay and enjoy the ocean breeze. The lower lobby restaurant, seemed to have a formal or semi formal setting, I'll try it next time. Pool was very spacious, many palm trees, and alot of facilities for the kids . Parking is extensive and the casino is entertaining and inexpensive . Staff couldn't be any friendlier. The beach is not good for swimming, but hey, 15-30 min away, you have many beautiful beaches.About 5 minutes south of the hotel is a place called La Guancha they have typical food and music. A beatiufl sunset there (currently my computer's background). The concierge gave us a map of Ponce, we visited downtown. Very historical; the architectural landscape was unbelievable, took some great pictures. People very friendly, a cop on every corner. Ck out the Fire Station, and have an Ice Cream at a store right in front of the fire station..... I had a coconut one and it was reallll gooodCan't wait to re-visit!!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ron2putt
<Content>Best holiday value getaway with super weather Have spent the last 3 Xmas vacations there and going back for the 4th time Dec 2007. Best weather on the island as it seldom rains on this side of the mountains. An easy drive 90 minutes from San Juan. They don't raise their rates during the holidays. Very nice rooms, beautifully landscaped pool area, beach is fair. Good restaurants in Ponce but a little tricky to find your way around downtown. Very nice golf course with 27 holes and very reasonable rates (less than half the golf rates in San Juan). Best value you can find during the holidays.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crackofdawn
<Content>Our 2nd visit We returned to Ponce after a visit perhaps 5-6 years ago. We stayed at the Hilton then and wanted to return. It was pretty much as remembered, though larger now. We really enjoyed the open lobby with the ocean breezes blowing through. Got a bounceback rate which included the breakfast which otherwise was $19/person. The Ponce Hilton is about a 2 hour drive from the San Juan airport. Warning.. PR drivers strongly favor riding along in the left hand lane. The slowest ones in particular migrate over to the left as soon as they can. It makes for maddening driving! Added since our last visit is a 27-hole golf course. They have a shuttle to take you over their bridge to the course. I got a really great rate on Saturday afternoon ---$50 after 2pm with complimentary clubs. Before 2 it would have been $75+$25 for the clubs! Lots of kids around the hotel. They offered free food for kids under 6(?) staying in parent's room. The large number of families seemed to be enjoying the hotel's recreational offerings, etc.Chose not to eat lunch/dinner there, but instead drove over to the restaurant El Ancla which is about a 5-7 min drive along the very industrial water front area. Very good seafood and service. Also wife came up with a 15% discount coupon when she took a tour of Ponce while I was playing golf. For lunch we did the waterfront area adjacent to the Hilton area (and before the industrial area) where there are many, many reasonable choices.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>100beachbums
<Content>Book NOW! WE LOVED IT! First trip in PR, but not our last! We loved our stay at Ponce Hilton. Stayed 6 nights in Exec. Tower (didn't pay ahead given unknowns, so paid $200 w/ taxes included). During our stay never had a negative experience. Staff was well attentive and helpful. Resort was impeccably maintained, rooms were clean, spacious and tastefully decorated. We had ocean front w/ large balcony, and bistro set, refrigerator in room. Hospitality suite priviledges were WELL WORTH THE EXPENSE! Always well stocked -- 6a-10a continental brkfst foods (only thing missing was meat and eggs, which then moves beyond continental), fruit and cheese during the day, and 5p - 7p hot hors deurves, cheese tray and beverages (juices, sodas, waters and alcoholic included from 5p - 10p! Beer, wine, champagne, hard liquors, mixers ...). Even had desserts and evening liquors from 7p-10p. Saved us a GREAT deal on meals and was ultra convenient. Also had 2 computers and printer for easy internet access. Chose not to bring our laptop, so this was most helpful.When we did dine out, we chose to do so at local places wherever we toured that day. Resort food looked fine, but we can get that at home, so we try to experience local cuisine. Activities on the resort were good for our family (13 yr. old daughter); bikes and bike trails, mini-golf, volleyball, basketball, ping pong, baseball -- all equipment included at no cost and checked out at fitness club. Fitness club was well equipped and clean. Saturday evening they had a 1 hour latin dance demonstration with incredible performers near the buffet area for all to enjoy. Casino is small, but open all hours, and inexpensive table limits -- $1 minumum roulette table -- try finding that in Vegas or Biloxi! They even came around with grilled cheese and ham sandwiches in addition to drinks. On-site club, but my husband's not a dancer, so didn't take advantage of this.As mentioned, no real swimming beach here, but just 30 minute drive from several beautiful ones. 2 pools w/ hot tubs, plus access to golf  country club facilities. Pool got crowded on weekends, so we took hotel shuttle to country club side, and it was much less crowded. Kayaks available for $10 -- unlimited time, with cool little islands to aim for and explore. Snorkeling is decent from the country club side, but better in other areas.We had a car, so we made our excursions and returned to Ponce Hilton at night. Absent changing hotels several times, you'll need to do that wherever you stay given the size and distance between rain forest, beaches and Old San Juan area. Best beach area was Rincon if swimming beaches is what you are after, but several less commercialized ones are within 30 minute drive from Ponce.Diving was great -- we used Paradise Diving in Parguera (45 min. drive from Ponce Hilton). $80 incl. tax for 2 tank dive and snacks. Water is rough, so if you're sea sick prone, take pills ahead of time. Total trip time was about 4.5 hours. (Compare with Hawaii at $170+ for 3 hr trip). We stayed in Condado Beach area 1 night at Comfort Inn to make touring that area easier. Loved Old San Juan, but hated Condado. Recommend Condado area for those 18-26 yrs who essentially go for the partying, and don't consider themselves beach connoseurs. Incredibly crowded driving, and exits are not well marked. Road construction and heavy traffic adds to confusion.Having vacationed in Hawaii often, we continually compared PR with HI. I now prefer PR. From east coast, travel time is far less; crowds are far smaller, and you feel less like a number (other than in Condado/Old San Juan -- where you definitely get the Waikiki welcome to our island, give me your money, and get out of the way so I can deal with the next person treatment). PR is much less expensive than HI, for essentially the same vacation (obvious differences in asian v. latin cultures). Many other side trips our 7 day stay didn't permit time. You must have a car to really enjoy the place, unless you just want a 3 day resort get-away. For that I would recommend Rincon if you want ocean swimming; Ponce Hilton if pool and walking beach is fine for you. WHOLEHEARTEDLY RECOMMEND VISITING PUERTO RICO. PEOPLE ARE WONDERFUL, PRICES ARE REASONABLE, AND SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MotherMayI
<Content>Clean and spotless Our family of 5 stayed here June 6-7. After roughing it for 2 weeks throughout PR and Vieques at relatives bungalows and guest houses, we needed a place with good mattresses, hot water, and cable TV at night. We were pleasantly surprised. The room was spotless and VERY clean. The shower was great. We picked this place because we wanted to enjoy the hotel room and its grounds. We would not be venturing out since we had been out exploring for 2 weeks and just wanted to relax in nice surroundings. (We explored Ponce years ago and that was great too.) We liked the fact that there were no pesky mosquitoes around the grounds. We took the 5 minute shuttle to the golf club pool - it was great too. The only down side was the beach was not a swimming beach. But we were beached out by the time we got there so just having that spectacular oceanview was so peaceful. We had a balcony room. Let me also mention that we arrived at about 7:30 a.m. from western PR and our room was available. Very nice.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BarryAZ
<Content>Mixed feelings about this Hilton - room noise I stayed at the Hilton in Ponce on a business trip, Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday nights, June 10-12. I had stayed there once previously, also on business.It is a moderately attractive property -- an interesting, airy layout of the lobby and main restaurant lead out to the pool area, and from there to the beach. It's nice to sit in the restaurant and look at the Koi pond, the pool, and the palm trees. The food is OK, if a little expensive (about $38 for a dinner with one beer, including tip. $12 plus tip for the continental breakfast). The breakfast includes a nice variety of fruits, breads, pastries, meats, cheeses, and hot items such as eggs and pancakes.The rooms are nice, and large. The beds are comfortable. My only real complaint about the rooms -- poor sound insulation. One evening, a woman in the room below had a phone conversation, apparently with her balcony door open. The sound bounced off the concrete beams outside and back into my room. Even with my balcony door closed, I could hear (and understand) every word.It is perhaps fortunate that the place does not seem to get very crowded. (Based just on the two times I've been there.) There's never a wait for the restaurant.The beach is small, and sort of unattractive. The pool and surrounding play areas (volleyball, mini-mini-golf, basketball) are nice enough looking (I didn't use them).There's a huge excess of parking, yet they charge $4.50 per day for it ($10 if you valet-park). If you're in the west wing (as I was), the parking is closer than the valet desk, so you'll actually do less walking if you self-park.No HBO or other premium movie channel, but of course you can pay for movies.Some of my colleagues at work are residents of the Ponce area -- some of them grew up there. They say that the central historic area is nice, but that you want to be careful what areas of the town that you travel through.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>TiaNFl
<Content>Will never go back to this hotel This was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at. The service is horrible and this is suppose to be a resort?? Tip #1 If you want a glass of water w/ your meal start asking for it early. It took exactly 4 request every time before I got one. 4 is the magic number. TIP #2 Prepare to have both of your room keys fail. Make sure you take both of them at all times because god forbid you get stuck outside of your room ...oh say about 12:00 at night because they will take thirty three minutes to send someone up to let you in. TIP#3 This is important. DO NOT plan on getting a buzz from any of the drinks mixed at the bars. Even though it appears that they are pour liquer into the drink take my advice and my 174.00 tab and go to the liquer store located just outside the guard gate (they will be more than happy to tell you where it is) and buy a bottle. Then purchase virgin drinks and add your own liquer. DO NOT expect to get good food here either and it is not inexpensive. Oh TIP#4 This one is for the women. If you are American be prepared. Apparently Puerto Rican women do not like American women EVEN THOUGH Puerto Rico is part of the United States. They treated my friend and I horrible. Tip#5 Unless you are from Manhattan or Tampa Bay you might just want to take a defensive driving course or get a prescription for Zanex. If you have never been to P.R you are instore for some of the worst drivers in the country. There are no white lines in the road. Yes that is right no lines therefore they are ALL OVER the place. I will never complain about New York drivers ever again. TIP#6 The final one. If you would like to blend in with the other drivers simply lay on the horn and just blow on through the red light or stop sign. Make sure your music is blarring so you can't hear anybody elses horns and you will be fine. BTW there is no service out on the beach so DO NOT EXPECT resort style service. This resort had more children in it than the Disney resorts. My advice is stay in San Juan there was much more to do and it is much more beautiful. Hope this helps someone save their hard earned money!! Happy Travels  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	1	4	

<Author>pieroghi
<Content>Beautiful and relaxing vacation at the Ponce Hilton       Ponce Hilton Golf Club Pool  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AKfrozen
<Content>Very Nice Hotel and friendly staff We stayed in the executive tower with access to executive room, you pay a little extra but get more value. Free breakfast, happy hour, deserts, fruits ect. Use of computers and express check out. Staff was friendly and helpful. Facility was nice and beach was good. Enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NoneColumbus
<Content>We liked it for the most part. We stayed at the Hilton in Ponce, Puerto Rico, which I am about to review. However, first I think it would be helpful to say a few words about Puerto Rico in general and Ponce in particular. We visited Puerto Rico many years ago. In those days, Puerto Rico was very poor and frankly depressing. We chanced a trip back to San Juan about a year ago. I couldn't believe the difference. We have traveled extensively in Latin America 鈥?our most recent trip being to Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic, where they definitely don't have their act together. Puerto Rico is a clean, prosperous and safe place to visit. It is heads and shoulders above anywhere else in Latin America we have ever visited. In Puerto Rico everything works 鈥?click, click, click. It is the only place in Latin America I know about where you can drink the tap water and eat the vegetables wihtout wishing you hadn't. You can trust the police. Bribes are not the tradition there. They use American money. Very good English is widely spoken. There were many times I could not hear a trace of an accent. It seems like nearly everyone drives a late model car. Both times we visited there, the weather was perfect 鈥?low eighties in the middle of the winter. I saw no beggars on the street. American stores and restaurants are everywhere. You don't need a passport to get there. Our Sprint cell phones had free roaming there 鈥?I can't tell you what a convenience that was. We could call each other when separated and our teenager when she wandered off. We could call businesses and have them tell us how to get there. Our teenager sat out on the balcony and talked to her friends back in the United States for hours.We liked our stay in San Juan a lot during our last visit. We stayed in the Hilton there as well, which we also liked a lot. We decided to go to Ponce and stay there for four days just to see something different. There were three of us 鈥?two adults and a teenager. The only hitch we ran into is that we had booked a connecting flight from San Juan to Ponce on Cape Air with CheepoAir.com. We had an itinerary from CheepoAir that said we were booked on that flight. Cape Air stated that CheepoAir had canceled our flights 鈥?something never mentioned to us and something we certainaly never ordered or agreed to. However, Cape Air said they could get us on that flight, but it would cost a lot, lot more than the advance purchase fare we had booked. I don't know who made the mistake, but I do tend to get little a suspicious of profitable errors. Anyway, it worked out just great. We declined and walked right down to Hertz. The rental for the car for four days, including tax, was $148, which was much less than the original air fare for the connecting flight for one person, let alone three. Except for a short stretch in San Juan, it was all turnpike (about $6 in tolls each way) and a lovely drive through rolling hills. It took less than an hour and a half. We arrived before our scheduled three hour layover in San Juan was over and we had the use of the car while we were in Ponce. The total gas cost was $28 for the round trip and our running around in Ponce. The hotel charged something like $5 a day to park there.Now to the Hilton Ponce. The bottom line is that we liked it. We stayed in a part of the hotel called the Executive Tower. You get a substantial discount on the room rate if you pay in full in advance, which we did. The room was spacious and clean. There were two double beds in the room. I wouldn't call the beds roomy, but they were adequate. We had a balcony that looked out on the ocean. There was a desk in the room. They wanted nearly ten dollars a day for a high speed internet connection. They had an Executive Center where you could get a free wireless connection. Swiping my room card at the door to get in would not work there, but the people on duty always quickly buzzed me in with a smile. The last evening I was there, however, the lady on duty told me that I had to be a Hilton VIP member to use that room. There was nothing on the door to that effect and I saw no mention of that in the guest guide in the room. While that rubbed me more than a little wrong, I have to say the lady was very apologetic and nice about it.The grounds were beautifully landscaped. However, Ponce is not a beach destination. The hotel did have a narrow beach, which did not have a life guard and suffered from some liter. The pool is very nice. The food, while a bit pricy, was outstanding. You can figure on about $35 a person for supper, after taxes, but before tip and about $25 a person for lunch. I don't think Ponce is famous for its restaurants. We ate at several guide book recommended restaurants in Ponce. They were okay, but the food at the Hilton had us spoiled.Most service personnel spoke English very well and they were very polite. Twice the maid forgot to leave coffee for the coffee maker in our room, but both times I called the front desk and a clerk showed up at our door almost at once with the coffee packs. Once the toilet stopped up. I called the front desk and a guy showed up in a flash to fix it. Everyone went out of their way to be friendly. Plenty of security. There are uniformed security guards wandering around all the time.Ponce has a nice little square downtown, surrounded by nice shops. It's hard to find a place to park there. I had to park the car a couple of blocks away and walk, but that wasn't much of a problem. They have some sort of a shuttle bus there to get around the downtown area, but we didn't use it. There is also a nice boardwalk along a harbor with several local restaurants close to the hotel. It's a nice place to go for a stroll, especially at night. We ate at one of the restaurants on the boardwalk, but it did not impress us. Ponce is a nice. well kept little town, but you run out of things to see pretty fast. It's worth a few trips into town, but we spent most of our time at the Hilton, where there is plenty to do.We arrived back to San Juan in our rental car hours before our mid-afternoon flight. We drove out to a part of San Juan called Condado for a leisurely lunch, which we enjoyed immensely. Condado is a tourist area in San Juan close to Old Town that has quite few really nice restaurants. It sure beats air port food, if you have the time and a car to get there.In short, I highly recommend Puerto Rico, Ponce, the Ponce Hilton and Condado in San Juan. I also recommend that you rent a car to drive to Ponce rather than taking a connecting flight.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sinister27
<Content>Great weekend getaway Perfect vacation for the rejuvenating effect. We decided to take a weekend off and go to the carribean. We had been to San Juan last year and thought ah it was ok. Ponce on the other hand, well at least this resort was very good. The only reason I dont give them an excellent was because of the first impression I got from the staff. The person that checked us in wasn't to helpful, granted we checked in at about 5:30am but he could of been friendlier. Other than that two thumbs up, the grounds of the resort are kept very well. Everything was clean lawns where manicured small beach but nice. Casino on the location is mainly slot machines but have 2 craps tables 2 roulette tables 1 black jack table 1 carribean poker table and 2 texa's hold'em tables. The locals are regulars in this casino they seem to be of the retired age and have nothing better to do than burn through their money. The cost of things are U.S. prices, its not like traveling to D.R. where you'll get more for your dollar. Food is expensive in the hotel. $22 dollars lunch buffet and $30 dollars dinner buffet. There's this one seafood restaurant Pito's Seafood restaurant, food was good there service was ok we went there after a drive thru town. The golf area was very nicely kept they actually have residences on the grounds of the course its a 27 hole PGA course, which probably means they get funds from PGA to keep the place that clean.Quick tricks for you if you do decide to go for a short stay1- Pack light take carryon luggage only2- Rent a car even if its for 2 days its worth going out into town and looking around. Get the economy size car its cheap and it'll be enough to get you around.3- Fork over the extra 30 bucks to stay in the executive rooms, this will give you acces to the executive lounge which includes a free continental breakfast and free drinks (non-alcoholic) and snacks throughout the day. Plus you get free internet access and you could check in and print your boarding pass when you are ready to leave.4- Check out the pier right by the hotel lots of food kiosks for eating typical greasy puerto rican foodOverall good fun  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>honeymoonersSanJuan2
<Content>great place great hotel with beautiful golf facilities...we really enjoyed our stay. My wife loved the beach and the spa facilities, The food and the restaurants were the Best in town.For a relaxing vacation or a visit with the family this place has it all. I also saw a wedding celebration at the pool and it seems that they also cater for special events and banquets and groups.we will be back for valentines day and spend another romantic get away..  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunseekersMN
<Content>Relaxation       View from Room 380  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Donnercruz
<Content>A Nice Place This is a nice hotel. We got a great deal on a full suite with two rooms for four of us. Overall service was great. Room service was rediculously slow, but otherwise loved the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BaltoBalto
<Content>Absolutely terrible! We stayed here in August 2006 and this is one of the worst hotels we have ever stayed at. The rooms, furniture and appliances were so old that we thought we were in a motel off of a small highway. The food was so-so but the restaurant service was absolutely terrible. We were absolutely unimpressed!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>nomar5955
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise We stayed at this resort for three days, and we liked our clean room with a very comfortable bed. The facilities are very well maintained and the staff could not have been friendlier. There did seem to be a tendency to nickel and dime you and the restaurants can be pricey. There are more than enough pool and beach chairs to go around and there are tennis courts and other activities for the guest who wants to be active. The beach is not the greatest because it is quite stony, but if you can get by this, it is a great place to stay. You are near the city and also Route 2 where the major shopping mall is, but you are still far enough away from every day life to hide out if that is what you want. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SCUSEMAN
<Content>Hilton is only feasible option in Ponce My wife and son spent 3 days at the Ponce Hilton after having been there earlier this year in February. No the beach there is not the greatest (we reasearched in advance and knew to drive the half hour west to the Guanica region for higher quality beaches) and no the food there is not worth the cost (we researched and knew the local authentic restaurants in Ponce, Salinas and Guayanilla to go to), BUT if you want a clean room (stay only in the newer-constructed Executive Tower-pay the extra $10-$20 willingly), attractive resort-style facility with rates less than you'll pay at the north coast resorts, it is the ONLY place worth staying in Ponce. The adjacent Caribe golf course is a newer 27-hole track with 2 holes oceanside (#18  #27) relatively flat, and unchallenging, unless the winds are up. If you don't want to venture out for dinner the Italian restaurant at the golf clubhouse is your best option (tip: plus the pool there, while smaller, is nicer and less crowded).  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BigSlick6
<Content>Nice Resort I just returned from a 3 day trip to Ponce, staying at the Hilton. After reading some of the reveiws here, I was a little nervous but I ended up pleasantly surprised. We arrived at 7 AM and our room was not immediately ready, so we sat down there for breakfast. In the middle of breakfast, the receptionist came to our table to tell us our room was ready. I thought this to be great service. Another receptionist happily gave us perfect directions to a restauraunt in Ponce. If you are looking for a beach resort, this may not be the place, but for that matter I don't think anywhere in Ponce has nice beaches. The beach was nice enough to walk out there in the morning, put your feet in the water, enjoy the view, then go sit by the pool. The pool here is very nice. I sat there all day long with very easy access to tropical drinks. The hotel is open air, so you get a nice breeze whenever in the lobby and main restauraunt. The buffet was a little expensive ($22 for the lunch and $18 for breakfast), but there was plenty of options. If you are there around noon on a Friday, be sure to check out the fashion show...very awkwardly entertaining. The hotel was very clean. And the casino was reasonable. $5 blackjack and craps, $1 roullette. We rented a car and used there self parking, which was $4.50 a day. I thought it was a little crazy to charge for parking, but the $4.50 was better than the $10 for valet. Unless you are extremely lazy, there is no need for valet...the parking lot is right in front of the hotel. If I ever go back to Ponce, I will stay at the Hilton. But next time I'd be sure to bring my sticks in order to check out their golf course.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kelleysezwoh
<Content>Very disappointed       ucky beach - Ponce Hilton  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	3	3	2	

<Author>Johanb5161
<Content>The best hotel of Ponce city This hotel is the better place of all hotels in Ponce city. It has golf's facilities, private villages, the best casino in the city a good pool and the others facilities are excellents. The some restaurants are expensive but the food is great. The weekend the hotel has life music and differents shows. The beach hotel's not is the very good but you can go the Saturdays or the Sundays to Caja de Muerto Island from La Guancha that is very near to the hotel. The beaches of Caja muerto Island is excellent you can see some colors fish, seagul and different birds and plants. The Island has a litter museum, bathroom facilities, a historical ligth house and beautiful views. Is important that if you are thinking to go to Caja de Muerto Island buy your own food in walmart or some place because the island dont have place to buy it; and you have to return your trash to PR . And If you stay in the hotel monday to friday you can go in a car rent to others beautiful beaches near to Ponce as Guanica and Lajas town; but I recommend the beautiful beaches of Rincon, Aguadilla and Isabela towns (it are located in the west of PR 1 hour from POnce) and in the north the beautiful beach of Isla verde in Carolina City, but the better beach in Puerto Rico are located in Culebra and Fajardo Island in the east. POnce city have many attractive places as the serralles casttle, the best art museum of the caribbean, a history museum, and more museum. Ponce has La guancha a tourist place, many restaurants, a histoy town , the secound mall more bigger of Puerto Rico and the caribbean and many many places for baby boomers and adults. Puerto Rico is a island 100x 35 miles and you can rent a car and would cross the island and stay in differents hotels I recommend Copamarina beach resortin Guanica for honey moon, Hilton in POnce for all family, The westin Rio Mar Beach golf resort and spa in Rio Grande, the beautiful Conquistador hotel in fajardo, In san Juan El Convento (is one of the best 100 hotel in the world according to Vanidades magazing), Intercontinental, whytham, and for people VIP or high class the ritz carton and Paradissus of Puerto Rico (if you are traveled to PR in other seasons). So come to PR .... For more information visit: (--)  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sagar33
<Content>Okay But If You Want a Nice Beach This Is Not It. I booked Hotel on Priceline. We got the room for $122.00 not bad for a resort. We normally stay in isla verde right next to San Juan. My family is near Maniti, Puerto Rico. This time we wanted to try something different. We were told ponce is beautiful. Let me say dont even bother checking out ponce waste of time. Very dry like dessert and dirty. The beach at the Hilton is horrible. We were told beach is black because the rivers empty out into that area. Very ugly beach. The resort is nice. Basketball, ping pong, tennis, nice pool, food on resort very expensive I guess thats why the Hiltons have money and I dont. Also after you pay for room. When you arrive and than check out you have on your bill $7.00 a day resort fee, $4.50 a day for parking or $10.00 a day for valet parking not including tips. And $9.95 a day if you want internet access. So it adds up pretty quickly. Overall nice Hotel. I would stay again but since its in ponce I guess that wont happen.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>arounddeworld
<Content>Can't wait to go back We stayed at the Ponce Hilton for 3 nights. I have no complaints regarding the property. The check-in process was flawless and the room was nice and clean. The first night we went to the boardwalk to eat. The drive took only 5 minutes. The next day we went to the town center for a tour, that was only a 10-15 minute drive away. Everything was very close with a rental car and the resort is nice enough to relax onsite during your entire stay. The food is pricey of course, but that's what you should expect at a resort. We never had to walk from the parking area to the hotel, since they always had a person waiting with a golf cart to give us a ride. We enjoyed the live music on Saturday and the quietness on Sunday. The beach isn't the best but we didn't spend time there anyway. Also be sure to take advantage of the (free) bicycles to tour the property and the 2 basketball courts for exercise. The gym was small but sufficient for vacation needs. We wouldn't hesistate to stay again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for Weekend Getaway Me and my family arrived in Ponce on 06/02 and departed on 06/05. We opted for the Discover Puerto Rico package and a suite, which was a good deal at $211.00 a night. The package included free breakfast, two free drinks, free t-shirts, and free tennis lessons. The room we had had two balconies both with tables and chairs, and the larger one with a hammock. The room was slighly smaller than what we had originally expexted, but the bathroom was of ample size and both the room and bathroom were spotless. Complimentary breakefast was delicious. It included pancakes, bacon, eggs any way you could imagine, fresh fruit, cereal, sausage, etc. The pools at the hotel were amazing. There was barely anyone in either of them and the water was amazingly clean. The beach was pretty nice but it was black sand so you really couldn't see much, but then again, that is not really the hotel's fault. The parking was ample and there was free shuttle to your car and to the adjacent golf resort which had the most amazing restaurant. Over all, we were sad to go and would probably stay there again if the opportunity arose.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loud music till 2:30am :( the room was small but had a nice view. my major problem with the hotel was the music that was going till 2:30 am. i called the front desk and they said there was nothing they could do. it wasn't even a party. it was just a band that they have every sat night. we paid way to mcuh money to not be able to fall asllep at night and none of the staff seemed to care. we also had to pay for parking. i live in phila and understand that in a city parking is hard to come by. but there is no reason to pay for parking in ponce. you couldn't even drive up to the hotel without paying for parking. there isn't even a working beach. you're just supposed to hang out at the pool. i will never stay there again!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TrojanBristol
<Content>Great trip - relaxing, affordable and accommodating. Stayed six days at the Ponce Hilton Golf and Beach Resort. We booked (wife+2 children) our travel through Jet Blue out of JFK. First off, the hotel is not opulent but nor is it moderate. It is a resort that offers many amenities.The hotel is sizable and will expand for time share purposes. The parking lot is massive. The hotel has a 1,200 seat convention center, but, as a vacationer, the hotel was never crowded. We stayed in the Executive Tower 5th floor. Great view! The ocean is 200 yards away. Wonderful way to wake up too.The room is spacious. Excellent shower with a big overhead shower head. Cable TV (with all the popular channels ESPN+ESPN2, too). Casino is small, but in Puerto Rico it's one of the largest. Features all the games - blackjack, roulette, craps, slots and, yes, poker (Texas Hold 'em).I have never been to Puerto Rico so I didn't know what to expect from the weather. During our stay the weather was amazing. No clouds, no humidity and 87 degrees.The landscape is well maintained. Palm trees everywhere. The hotel pool is shaped liked a clover leaf - spacious. On the weekends the poolside gets active with a lot of mainlanders who pop in for Saturdays and Sundays. But, Monday-Friday it's quiet and peaceful. The pool also offers a jacuzzi.As well as the pool, there are 4 tennis courts, a bike trail, 2 basketball courts, mini golf, and a play-scape. The hotel beach is not as bad as what has been written. I grew up in So Cal where the water is contaminated, but that doesn't stop anyone from diving in. The hotel beach is small. It's black sand so the water is not sky blue. The water is warm but the downfall is that it has a lot of seaweed growing from the sand. My kids played for hours on the beach with no issues. The remaining strip of beach is not owned by the hotel and is littered, but most beaches are not meticiously maintained, it's not the hotels problem.The hotel offers a shuttle to the golf resort which takes less than 5 minutes to get to. I found that the golf resorts' beach was much better than the hotel's. Plus the swimming pool there is excellent too. I didn't golf. There are 27 holes to play on. The golf resort has villas for sale starting at 600k. That should be a reminder to all that the resort has a high-end commitment.The food is a little pricey. But most places when you go somewhere tropical are generally expensive. What was nice, since we had kids, was that the morning buffet was free to children. They chowed and we did too. We didn't have a bad meal on site. The only time we left the resort was to eat out one time - Pito's Seafood.  If you want to go to Hawaii and spend twice as much money for a better beach then do so. If you want to go to Vegas and gamble at huge casinos then do that. I work. My wife works. We wanted to go some place that we had never been to and do nothing except soak up some sun, swim in the pool, go to the beach and relax. This hotel did just that for us.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>eyeball95
<Content>Ponce Hilton- not all it's cracked up to be!!!! In February,my husband and I decided to visit his family in Ponce,PR.They told us that this was the best hotel in Ponce. Now,I read all of the reviews on the hotel from trip advisor and was quite leary to stay at the Hilton,but we did any way. First we live in New Jersey, so the only flights to Ponce left at 11pm and arrive at 4:45am- realize the two airlines that go in and out of the airport were Jet Blue and Continental. Both flights arrive at the same time - so 500 people are at the luggage carosel picking up luggge. Next, try picking up you rental car when 300 people are in line to pick up their cars and the agencies don't open till 5:30AM- Disaster to START!!! Finally got the car, off to the Hilton (WE VISITED FAMILY FIRST). I booked my hotel reservations through AAA and booked an excutive tower room. Executive tower rooms have entrance to the executive lounge: this is where you can get food,drinks etc.. as part of the price of the room)And if anyone knows food in PR is expensive. I also called the hotel to confirm all of this! Up to the desk and I check in. What does the front deck do- tries to put me in an executive tower room without access to the lounge they said because of the priceI paid for the room I said that's what you and AAA contracted for and that is not what I paid for! I got my paper work and I showed them that it clearly stated ALL executive tower rooms have entrance to the lounge- they saw it my way and put me in the room I wanted and entrance to the lounge. We also go 2 free drinks in the casino,I had to ask for that too, but I got out tickets. About the room, nice view, bathroom spacious. Fridge in room- what a plus! Executive lounge food okay worth the extra money since dinner was about $20-25 for an entree. Careful,my coffee makes blewup.I got a new one. The pool was good, but the beach disgusting. I am a beach person, I have traveled all over, including Hawaii 7 times. I know my beaches-What Hilton did was to comb or clean the beach right up to where the hotel ended, but the beach contined say a mile or so. After the hotel there was junk all over the beach- oil cans,glass, shoes,plastic and fish nets- GROSS!! You see there are no other hotels around so there's no excuse for a dirty beach! The seems to be lack of pride in the land of PR. You know,Hawaii is similar to PR- landscape wise. But Hawiians have a great pride in their land and unfortunately those living in PR do not- that's the difference.The city of Ponce has it's good parts and bad! Watch out for the drivers- CRAZY NO BLINKERS. My husband lived in Ponce for 4 years while growing up and he was shocked at how different it was. He wanted me to tell you all if you are going to Ponce, watch out about getting ripped off- they tried in resturants and stores, but did not work with us . We don't look like tourists so I don't get it!!Here's the best- It was Sunday night and my husband and I wanted to eat on property. So there is a sushi place(Sancho's) by the golf course and you'd can be taken there by golf cart. So we asked at the front desk, yes, they are open go the valet are they will take you. We got dressed went to the lounge for a drink- asked in the lounge is Sancho's open? yes and same story. We went to the valet- We were told-NO sorry, they're are not open until Tuesday. Also, the nice resturant was closed too!! so we had to go out to eat. I have to say lack of communication among to staff is evident to say the least- this ia a Hilton for Gos sake's, the hotel claims to be a resort,but the are not by any means. Do you know when I checked in I asked for a map of the hotel-No such thing I had to discover everything myself. Supposedly Ponce is building a port for cruise ships-If Ponce and the hotel continues on this course of poor treatment of travelers they will not get the repeat tourism they need. I just think that PR does not get it! Tourism creates jobs, jobs create money. Happy travelers- you will tell others. Bad trip you'll tell the world!!!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would have liked to stay another day We stayed here 1 night after a few in Old San Juan and driving around the island before flying back to NYC the next morning. Kind of wish we could have stayed a day longer, we were only here from 4pm til 6am the next day, but it was very relaxing. Great ocean views/breeze, very spacious, clean, comforable room. Our ground floor room had a back door that slid open to a small patio w/ table and chairs about 50 yards to beach (which was ideal for viewing from the room and little else, from what I've seen this is the thinnest and rockiest beach on the island, and closes before sunset for some unknown reason) and about an equal distance to a decent pool with an open air bar. The casino was a lot smaller and less opulent than expected. We felt a lot more secure here than other places we stayed, I saw 3 security patrols within 15 mins when sitting outside the room late at night. The on-site resturant we ate at (La Cava) was good but expensive. Not nearly enough to do or see in Ponce to make it worth a trip but if you're planning on being nearby (perhaps for the flight which is half what it would cost to San Juan) this hotel is worth the price.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>flycatcher06
<Content>Not rally a great experience! I stayed here mostly so my husband could use the Casino. The staff was friendly but the prices they charge for food, etc. very expensive - it is really for business people on an expense account. Breakfast started at $10. and dinner was ridiculous. They pretty much know they have you captured. Did go into Ponce but did not really feel safe and thank god we were only here for 2 nights because beside the fire station there is really nothing to see.Pool was smaller than it appeared in pictures and the beach was nothing to write home about. We would not stay here again. If you have any questions i would be happy to answer them.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yuck! Horrible, Horrible, Horrible!! My husband and I stayed at different hotels all around the Island. Ponce was our least favorite town and the Hilton was our least favorite hotel! The staff was rude, the rooms were generic and cheesy, the hotel was large and had no charm. It felt like a hotel for businessmen and not a couple seeking a beach destination! Do not go all the way over to Puerto Rico and stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gypsymoth_7
<Content>A Real Disappointment My husband and I just returned from a week in Puerto Rico as our honeymoon. Most of the week was spent in BB's and forest accommodations. However, we wanted to have some luxury for the last two nights, so we booked the Hilton in Ponce as a Resort and Spa. What a disappointment! While everyone who worked there was unfailingly pleasant and did their absolute best to make our stay good, management decisions made it a bore and seriously uncomfortable in some ways.WE did our homework--read Tripadvisor and Fodor's and everything Hilton said about the place. Nowhere did anyone say that almost everything in the place was closed on Sunday and the spa is closed on Monday. The only place to get anything to eat at the hotel on Sunday is a restaurant outdoors--hot, with cigarette smoke and mosquitoes. The same is true for breakfast. I was bitten several times during breakfast on the second morning, and all the poor woman working the desk could offer was repellant. Obviously, they know they have a problem. Why not correct it?We wanted to use the spa, but it was closed. No one suggested the spa at the completely separate golf villas. We found out about it online after we got home. The beach bar never opened while we were there, and neither did the bar upstairs. No attendant ever showed up at the booth on the beach the whole time we were there. There was truly nothing to do except sit by the ocean or the underfilled pool or waste money in a very dirty, smoky, tiny casino. We arrived fully ready to be happy, but this place is no resort and for us it was no spa. Golf, maybe. We don't play. By the way, the expansive shopping arcade described in Fodor's is one tiny store--besides the equally tiny minimart elsewhere on the property. Everything else has been reduced to meeting rooms. Obviously, this place haas been reduced to a business location. They should make that clear so others won't waste their limited time and resources the way we did.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice relaxing place My son and I just returned from a week at the Ponce Hilton. We had never been to Puerto Rico before; in fact, had never been to a resort before, and we picked this place via Priceline, mainly because it was fairly inexpensive. So we didn't know what to expect, and were pleasantly surprised. It's a fine place to relax, with a nice pool, friendly staff (the guys who park the cars were particularly outgoing and helpful) and enough things going on (basketball, tennis, and other kids to play Manhunt with) to satisfy an 11-year-old. I imagine it's not the flashiest of resorts, and people who have been to really fancy ones elsewhere might be disappointed. But for me it was just right. The room was big enough and clean, with a view of the ocean, and quiet. My son loved the food, which was very American; I found it pretty boring after a couple of days. So we ate elsewhere a few times. I'd recommend Pito's Seafood on Route 2 west of Ponce. All in all we had a relaxing time. One other thing: if you are thinking of snorkeling, a trip to La Parguera, about 45 minutes west of Ponce, is definitely worthwhile. There are several companies that run trips of a couple of hours or more. We stumbled upon Paradise Scuba in the center of town and took their sunset trip ($50 per person), which was fantastic. We visited three reefs in a little over two hours, then came back to the scuba shop, where the owner's wife had prepared homemade chicken empanadas, which we washed down with soda and beer. Then back out in the boat after dark for a trip to La Parguera's Phosphorescent Bay. The captain turned off all the lights on the boat and we went swimming among the bioluminescent plankton. The captain said the effect would be particularly impressive because it was a moonless night, and it was: when you waved your hands in front of your mask it was like having thousands of sparkling grains of rice floating before your eyes. Fascinating and a nice way to end the day.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JessLM
<Content>Mixed experience at the Hilton Ponce The Hilton Ponce was nice but nothing special. My husband and I stayed here one night after two nights at the Hotel Melia (downtown Ponce). We stayed downtown as our base for visiting the city and driving around the island (went through the mountains to Arecibo and everywhere in between). We came to the Hilton for a day of pool and sun, and it was just okay.They call the Hilton Ponce a resort, and I guess that just depends on your impression of what a resort should be. Perhaps I am spoiled by the excellent service I get in Cancun, but the Hilton Ponce offered decent service, but very understated. I would say it was very American in its attitude. People were polite, but not going out of their way to make that extra effort.Here is an example: I called to book massages at the spa two full weeks in advance because I knew the hotel was supposed to be fully booked and I didn't want to chance it. I called that afternoon to re-confirm our appointment times and nobody answered the phone at the spa. I had specifically asked for the last two appointments of the day so that we could take advantage of the sun and pool, so I thought, no big deal, I'll just call the front desk and ask what time the spa closes. So I call the front desk, and the lady doesn't know the answer to my question. She puts me on hold and after a couple minutes comes back to tell me that the spa is closed on Mondays. Well, that's funny because I was SURE I booked it for February 20, a Monday. My husband started waving a brochure in front of me, which explains there is a huge spa at the Golf Course next to the hotel. So I ask the front desk lady, is it possible that my massage was booked at the Golf course spa? She has no clue what I was talking about. She did not apologize, simply transferred me to the golf course. Turns out there is NO full service spa at the Golf course, but they do give massages over there, and anyway, they lost my spa reservation. I thought the whole thing should have been handled better and they should have been at least apologetic. Instead they seemed clueless.Aside from that experience, the resort was nice, but really not amazing. Definitely needs some updating, like chipping paint, that kind of thing. The beach is really small here and I've since learned that this side of Puerto Rico does not have great beaches. The pool is smallish and chilly and there were lots of kids there. We learned a little too late that there is a really nice pool over by the Golf shop, which we wished we had found that morning. It seemed much quieter over there. Also, the rooms over there seemed really really nice, but I wonder if they are part of a time-share, as the area was called Costa Caribe. I would probably go back there if I planned a trip to Ponce, but only if I got a really great rate. The drinks at the pool bar are expensive, especially if you have been elsewhere in Puerto Rico, which is generally dirt cheap. The dinner with salad bar/soup/dessert was about $30 and gave extremely big portions. The quality was mediocre though.My husband and I (who never gamble) decided to poke into the casino just to check it out. We couldn't stay in there more than 10 seconds because it was smoky and gross. It's not so much the smell of fresh smoke that is bothersome, but the smell of years of smoke that has penetrated the carpets and everything in the room that is just putrid. Even if I were a gambler and a smoker I would take a pass on this casino.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sambuca
<Content>Relaxing,and Pretty! I really enjoyed this hotel.I mean it was nothing so special, but it was just low-key and relaxing. The lobby was open and airy, the pool area had so many palm trees, it wasn't too crowded so we were really able to have our own spot.I accidentally dropped my necklace between the deck. I mentioned it the waiter and told him it wasn't a big deal it was my own fault or wearing a necklace to the pool. But within 10 minutes there were 2 guys taking the deck apart.Quick and efficient. The rooms weren't too bad either. They could be updated a little. But they were clean, smelled good,were open and airy. We had one of the best rooms in my opinion. Make sure to get the ground floor, we had room 131. It is great because our sliders opened up right to an awesome view if the Carribean, with the pool to our right. Free breakfast, good selection. Free entrance to the clubs on premises, fun Salsa dancing.The sports bar by the pool has a decent burger and chicken ceaser salad too. They also have Corona lights which are hard to get in most places in the U.S.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Spot for Me, Husband and 11 mo. old We checked out of the Ponce Hilton on Feb. 12 after a one week stay. We are used to staying in five star hotels but picked the Hilton here because we had our 11 month old in tow and thought that it wasn't worth the top dollar to stay somewhere where we weren't going to be able to enjoy the amenities. Much to our surprise, we found this hotel an undiscovered gem. We checked in to a very nice suite with a large patio (about the size of our NYC living room). Dinner in La Terraza was good for the Caribbean - nice salad bar and okay main course. They were extremely nice to our daughter, which of course, made the dinner that much more pleasant. It poured rain the next morning and when I went into the other room to get my daughter, it turned out the ceiling had leaked all over her and she, the stroller, and her crib were soaked. The hotel was quite apologetic and moved us into a suite in the Executive Tower - a great upgrade. The rooms had a spectacular ocean view and lovely patio. We were glad to make the change and would recommend booking in this part of the hotel. It provided access to the Executive Lounge - free drinks, etc. all day and free Internet access.Pool is the best part of the place - one at the main hotel and another quiet one at the Golf Course (so quiet we were the only ones there). Despite the fact that the hotel was booked, we felt as if we were the only ones staying there. Lots of conventions so it never feels crowded. Played tennis on great new courts with no wait or sign up necessary.Dinners at the Sushi Bar and the Golf Course restaurant are highly recommended. Also La Cava was quite good although no ocean view.We used the hotel's babysitting service - two of the three sitters were good - one was strange.For us, Kmart and other shopping places were right nearby but you need a car. This was great because we could buy Pampers, etc. instead of dragging them along.Would we go back? I say yes but my husband says no simply because we like to try new places.To sum it all up, this place is a great deal.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>urmas
<Content>Very nice resort and golf course We flew into San Juan and rented a car from Payless . they forced me to take CDW even though I showed them my NYS insurance card. (Check this out with your car co.)We drove to Ponce 1.5 hour pleasant drive thru mountains.I played 3 rounds of golf. The course is attractive and interesting but not memorable. No problem for a bogy golfer if you can stay out of the ponds. Holes #9 ,18 and 27 end on the ocean otherwise there are no other oceanviews.Food was not great . Sat night was an excellent pig roast with local specialties. Other buffet meals were not up to par.But if you are a big eater you will get your moneys worth.Wine list was expensive starting at $44. But if asked they offered a decent 'off the list wine' for $27Our best meal was 'Marks at the Melia' in Ponce. We went there once but if we had more time we would have gone back more.'Pitos' on the ocean wes also great for lunch. you can drive to Pitos,otherwise take a cab into the Ponce area unless you like to drive around lost and clueless in seedy enviorns.We drove to the famous Rain forest . Not worth the 5+ hour round trip in NYC style traffic. Shoud be OK from San Juan.Overall I agree with the positive reviews here.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wavewatcher
<Content>Christmas week at Hilton/Ponce, PR Just returned from Christmas mid-week stay at Hilton in Ponce. Was a little concerned after reading some of these reviews, and of course, we had already booked the place through Jetblue getaways for a great price. So here we go...Husband and I had been to PR many times with teen daughter, mostly staying in and around San Juan. Took the only flight Jetblue from NY has to Ponce night after Christmas, arriving at 4:30 AM. Short cab ride to Hilton, one person working reception desk. Very pleasent. We upgraded to 2 br suite w/ magnificent deck. Husband crashed immediately, whilst daughter and I went exploring in the dark.(Very secure, cameras and security folks everywhere) Place was beautifully decorated for Christmas, lots of lights and flowers. Everyone we met from hotel were friendly and welcoming. I was plesently suprised by the beach area. Yes it is gated and locked at night and the black sand is unexpected for the Carribian. The beach itself was about a 1/2 mile cresent, perfect for walking, finding shells and beach glass. Padded lounge chairs a nice treat. Waiter service on beach always a plus to me. Spent each day lounging, as the reason we were there was to RELAX. The water was clear and warmer than the pool, with lots of folks swimming. I recommend water shoes to get past the rocks. No snorkeling but also no hawkers, hair braiders, jet ski noise, para sailers, banana boat rides, just quiet. No other resorts or hotels in sight. Big difference from Isla Verde, Condodo, etc. I would have liked to see kayaks or cats for use, but the quiet was worth the trade off. The place offered nothing for teens by day or night. There was a playground and mini golf for the younger crowd. There was also an arcade/pool table area in the rear of the lobby, played air hockey with daughter a couple of times before dinner. Forgot to mention, bikes are available for free from fitness center, good for touring the grounds. The grounds and public areas never seemed crowded even during this holiday week. The spa is miniscule and workers may leave you at the manicure table to answer phones, and make appointments. No massage tables outside. Better off going to a day spa near home. The food and drink prices were high as expected. The best meal of the week came from room service (salmon done perfectly, Steak tender). On lobster night,($36) they ran out of lobster after we ordered about 8 pm. so we were out of luck there, and no round of drinks to compensate. We tried the Japanese place by shuttle to Golf area. The wait was intermidable, the fish fresh and presentation was ok. The waiter came over every half hour or so to tell us our food would be right out, but we were seated for about two hours before the appetizer came! There was a pack of kids running through the place screaming which didn't help matters much. Again, a round a drinks or complimenty desert would have been appropriate balm to our frazzeld patience. This place would not last 10 minutes anywhere else. Back at the main hotel, we complained to front staff, the next day half the food price was removed from our bill, so the right thing was done there. Our rooms were clean, pretty, and large. Absolutely no complaints there. Husband and I went to casino three nights, lots of locals playing with lots of money. Joined the Hilton players club, rec'd no perks but walked away ahead so that was ok. The dealers seemed to know the regulars, but I didn't perceive any snobbishness towards the Americans. Drinks were hard to come by, had to ask the dealer who told the pit boss to send a waitress over. Do that as soon as you sit down so you get a drink w/in first hour of play. I actually gave up waiting and went to the adjoing bar to purchase a drink one night. Also, consider joining Executive lounge, the continental breakfast and delicious cafe con leche well worth the daily price os $30 per room. On last night we requested wake up call for 3:30 am., and set alarm, thank goodness, because wake up call never came. Check out was easy, but not enough cabs back to airport. We were getting nervous about our 6:00am departure as we found ourselves still waiting in front of hotel at 5:00am. People behind us were really upset, we attempted to get the manager to release the Hilton van to shuttle us. No go. We did make it on time. The airport is tiny and has only one screening area so we were divided on lines for Jetblue and Continental. Also were assured plane would not depart until everyone got through. Would I go back? Yes. But not with teen daughter. Perfect for couples on a long weekend, I would probably become bored after 5 days without something else to do. We are used to stepping out of our hotel for great inexpensive local foods and drinks. That was not an option here. There was nothing around the place, so be guided accordingly. If however, you are seeking the quiet, very sunnyside of P.R. the Hilton is a great choice. We were content and got what we came for: sun, beach, warmth, and clean beautiful accomadations.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice getaway My husband and I just returned from the Ponce Hilton where we went to escape the cold New York weather, our stressful jobs and our children. Jet Blue recently began to fly out of New York's JFK direct to Ponce. The flight was about 4 hours long and the hotel is 10 minutes from the airport. We stayed on the second floor of the Executive Tower. Our room was spacious, nicely decorated and meticulously clean. All the rooms in the Executive Tower overlook the Carribean Sea and have terraces accessible by sliding doors. With the doors open and/or if you sit on the terrace, you can hear the waves. The staff was friendly and helpful, the food was okay. We enjoyed a romantic sushi dinner at the recently opened Sanchos, located a 2 minute shuttle ride from the main hotel at the newly renovated golf clubhouse. The pool was beautiful and very quiet on Thursday and Friday, but got a little more populated over the weekend. A one hour massage at the small spa was relaxing and resonably priced at $65.00 for one hour. Our only complaint was the ocean. The water is not the color that you would expect from the Carribean, since a nearby river, close to industrial plants, empties into the Carribean not far from the hotel.  All in all, for a quick, resonably price, quiet, relaxing and friendly atmosphere and a beautiful and clean room, try the Ponce Hilton. If you are going to Puerto Rico for the beach, do not visit the Ponce Hilton for you will be disappointed!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAStein
<Content>Good Hotel Spent a week at the Hilton just after Easter this year. The visitors were a pleasant mix of vactioners / business travellers and English / Spanish speaking. The hotel was impeccably well maintained and professionally managed and staffed. I stayed in the Executive Tower and had concierge lounge access. My room was clean, large and nicely but not creatively furnished. Marble bathroom was large and again very clean.The concierge lounge is located on the ground floor. It offers standard continental breakfast fare, canapes at cocktail hour and sweets later. The lounge is air-conditioned and well appointed. Free internet access is offered as well. The lounge was mostly staffed by enthusiastic and friendly students from one of the local universities. They were unfaillingly polite, but their youth and limited llife experience curtailed their usefullness. Inquiries about hiring tour guides, contacting realtors, even eating out were fielded without much success.To me the beach looked nice enough. Good maybe for a walk or sunning. Because of the dark sand, the water does not have that quintessential gin clear look found on some other islands. I did not swim in the sea because either all the beach chairs were taken, or it was too windy. There were many appealling and quiet places between the beach and busy pool to take in some sun and read. Restaurant / bar service was offered in all such areas.The restaurants were all well run and staffed though the menus are more Hilton North American standard than local. Fish was not prominently featured, though I did have what might have been the finest lamb chops I've had in quite some time. The restaurant at the adjacent golf club (a shuttle will pick you up) is truly outstanding. I ate there my final night and would have gone more often had I discovered it sooner. They are supposedly an Italian influenced restaurant, however, on the night I was there, they only offered a limited menu (I don't remember why). I had delicious mahi mahi with a tomatillo cilantro sauce and fried plantains.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IndianTourist
<Content>Great hotel, but the beach is terrible! We just returned from half a week in PR. Spent a couple of days in Ponce Hilton in an amazing ocean-facing room in the north tower - with the sound of the waves. The room was large and the King size bed was really comfy but the bathroom could have been better. The floor tiles are in desperate need of a strong bleach!!The hotel has a nice disco - called BOHEMIA that plays some peppy latino music and a casino (where we lost some money). The restaurants serve decent food and the bar (which is open till 1.00 a.m.)has the most amazing pina colada I've ever had.The pool-side, the jacuzzi and the lawns are well-maintained and, pool towels are free. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly and will help you with directions and sight-seeing. However, the beach at the hotel is really terrible - full of pebbles and stones and rocks - DO NOT TRY to take off your footwear there!We went to La Paraguera, a tiny fishing village (an hour's drive from the hotel ). It has facilities for snorkeling and a beautiful bioluminencent bay where we swam in the enchanted waters.......no trip to Puerto Rico is complete without this experience. It's like being in a magical kingdom, surrounded by star-dust mixed with the water. TIP: 1. Do wear a wet suit to avoid feeling cold.2. Do not give up the opportunity to swim in the enchanted waters if you feel scared of jumping into dark waters. WEAR A LIFE JACKET!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fairweather
<Content>Nice Hotel, only decent beach We stayed for 3 nights/4 days in March (10th-14th). Ponce is a small area carved out between industrial plants. It is not very attractive.Getting to the hotel was interesting--driving in San Juan you honestly take your life into your hands. Drive was beautiful once you are out of SJ. The hotel was very nice--solid 3.5 star. The 'black sand' beach was more 'grey' and the water continually cloudy, with large (unseen) rocks that you'd crack your feet on. Walking down the beach, the water got much clearer, however the beach was littered with a LOT of trash. The last day we were there, we were approached by a local who stated the water was polluted by industrial waste (as we were swimming there) and that beach robberies of Americans was very common away from the resort.Food at the hotel was very good--the upper scale restaurant was superb. The employees of the hotel were always friendly and helpful. Rooms were spacious and clean, and had nice fridge's. Pool was nice, but FILLED with loud kids.If you go to Ponce, plan to eat fast food. We could not find ONE restaurant in Ponce Proper other than the little place on the water that had seafood. We did discover why PR is the FF capital of the world! If you are looking for authentic PR food, you probably wont find it in Ponce. We were also given the 'stink eye' everywhere we went outside of the resort. We did not see many non-locals out looking about. Our trip to the 'boardwalk' was interesting to say the least. Ponce locals do not seem to be too thrilled with tourists.Based on our observations, crime is rampant in PR, so we were extra careful about leaving possessions in the rental cars. Most houses have iron gates over balcony's and doors, and any decent car has large lojack signs in the windows. I will definately not visit this side of the island again. We were looking for an area that was not hugely 'touristy', but was at least friendly and nice looking. Ponce was dirty and a little bit scary. it was, however, pretty easy to navigate once you got the hang of it.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A place to relax, but could be better Hello everyone, we are from Staten Isalnd, NY and we stood at the Hilton in Ponce from 3/17/05 to 3/21/05. It was a great place to relax and the staff was very friendly. The food was good, but the prices were very expensive. However, there was not much to do as far as acivities were concerned. We actually missed out on a couple of acitivities within the near by vicintiy of the hotel that we normally wouldnt have missed if we were directed to or informed correctly by staff members. One must ask the front desk staff of any activities that one might be interested in doing such as snorkling, party boat rides or if there were any islands near by that one might be able to visit because they would not volunteer any information unless you askled. Unfortunately, for my wife and I, there were some front desk staff members that were not aware of such activities and that was the problem we came across. Nonetheless, the hotel itself was fascinating and the room service was very clean and professional, but the beach was horrible and the casino was small and a little out-dated. Although, the night club was nice not many guest attended. However, downtown Ponce and San Juan were interesting historical places to visit. I strongly recommend the rain forest and the trolley rides in the historical place in Ponce and visiting the Monterro Fort in Old San Juan. Overall, My wife and I would consider on going back again with our family if there were some activities within the hotel that would become avialable such as para-sailing, jetskiing, paddle boats, kyaking, banana boat rides, etc. Unfortunately, this hotel didnt have any of these activities or any staff member assigned to direct their guests to any such activities or events that might be of any interest to their guests. So with that said, if you are interested in just relaxing and soaking it all in and doing absolutel nothing, this is the place to go. But, on the otherhand, if you are looking for relaxation and some water activities within the hotel to share and enjoy with your loved one or family members, this is not the place of choice.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxation at its best! We just got back from a two night stay at the Ponce Hilton. The only thing I can say is I wish I could have stayed longer. The service was great. All of the staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel is large and spacious, and even though we were told they were booked, we never felt crowded. We stayed in the West tower on the first floor. The rooms were clean and bright. We literally stepped out of our door only paces away from the Carribean. We had breakfast on our own patio each morning....which was private and lovely. The beach, although small was fine considering the adequate supply of lounge chairs and shade when needed. There is a very nice pool. Although the casino is small, it more than met our needs....a lot of locals frequent the casino. If you want to dance, there is a club for salsa dancing. Dinner at LaCava is a must. Great service and wonderful food...well worth the money. The buffet was good as was the tasty lunch we had at the bar close to the pool. This hotel is more suited for couples of any age, families and business people. Singles most likely will not find much action. Our stay here was well worth the 2 hour drive from San Juan. We wanted relaxation and that is what we got! We will return!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience I have to agree with most of the previous review. This is a great place to relax and lounge by the sea or pool. We just returned from 8 days at the Ponce Hilton with our 2 year old son and found for the most part all aspects, positive.The hotel is spread out so you don't get the traffic and noise of a tower concentrated in one place. You also don't have to go parading through the lobby to get everywhere so it has a feeling of privacy. The grounds are beautiful. The pool seemed small at first but was never crowded and we were there during president's week. The kids playground worked out well for us where our toddler met some new friends. The beach is adequate - the sand is dark in color and gets hot - one San Juanarian we met said its not the nicest beach in Puerto Rico compared to others in PR. We took a day trip to Playa Santa about 40 minutes west where we saw a true caribean beach - blue/green water - white sand etc.warm water.The food at the hotel was expensive, as it is with any hotel, but mediocre. Kids under 5 eat for free on the buffet, which is good for breakfast - but not the kind of food toddlers usually enjoy for lunch  dinner. We stocked up our refrigerator from the local grocery store and went out for most of our meals. Good choices were Seasons at Fox Delicias in the main square of Ponce, Mark's at the Melia and Lupita's for inexpensive Mexican. One bonus with regards to food was the free coffee every morning from the coffee machine outside the executive lounge. This wasn't any ordinary coffee machine - it had cafe con leche, mochaccino's, warm milk etc.The rooms in the tower were spotless - beautiful shower (no bath tub) - we had a ground floor room which had an extended patio - no worries with the little one and balcony etc. and had a gorgeous view. The room each day did eventually get serviced - but sometimes not until 3:00 PM. Our refrigerator didn't work and noticed it right away. It took 3 follow up calls before getting a new one. My husband loved the fitness center - they had everything - including bicycles, albeit a little rickety but a work out none the less. In addition, the tennis courts were really nice and if you found someone other than the pro to hit with, you could play for FREE - thats unheard of anywhere! The hotel doesn't coordinate tennis partners or tournaments, so my husband just put up a sign with our room number and got a good response - he played every day.The staff was very friendly but wasn't able to provide valuable information. We rented a car and were given poor driving directions for EVERY destination we pursued. Eventually, we figured out where to go after stopping to ask for better directions. In addition, the woman at the information desk (concierge) was very friendly, but could not advise me of an offsite beach to go to as she had only been living there 6 months and had never been to any of the local beaches. She suggested we drive with our 2 year old for 2 hours or more to a beautiful beach for which she could not give me directions because she herself got lost. The staff in the business center seemed to be the only folks who could give me valuable information.Overall - we had a great time once we found our way around and got into the routine of just relaxing by the beach and pool.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AnnaV
<Content>Very Relaxing Our family has just returned from 5 days at the Ponce Hilton and we were very pleased! I am sorry the reviewer from Oregon felt so uncomfortable there, we felt the exact opposite and we are white mainlanders with 2 small children! The staff was always friendly and more than helpful. The comment about the service by the pool is half accurate - you place your order at the bar and the waitstaff delivers it to you by the pool. We even had waitstaff return to see if we needed anything else.I agree with other comments about the food being expensive, but it is good and there is a good variety and you can eat just about whatever you want, whenever you want. Our last night we went to La Cava and our 5 year old daughter wanted pancakes and our son wanted pasta with marinara sauce and they were more than happy to accommodate. The restaurants were so friendly and generous, I think we paid for a total of 3 meals for the kids and we ate every meal on the property. The kids even got gifts and free ice cream, they loved it!The surrounding town is not that exciting. This is definately a place to stay on the property and relax.The fitness center, although small, is great! They have just about every piece of equipment you need for a great workout! There are also bikes to ride on a great walking/riding path around the perimeter of the property. I walked every morning and it was so nice to be outside in the perfect weather!!We found the pool great and very clean. All kinds of floating toys, chairs and volleyball for play at the pool's volleyball net. The hotel added a basketball hoop the last day we were there - all the kids at the hotel played together - it was fun!The beach was a bit disappointing in that it is shelly and it was very windy. We found a nice sandy spot to the left and enjoyed the warm waters.There are lots to do for kids of all ages. There is a basketball half court, 2 volleyball courts, table tennis, playgrounds for toddlers and older kids, a small rock wall and lots of beach toys. They really thought of everything. Even a water cooler at the beach.All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We were looking for a place to relax by the pool, play some games with the kids and enjoy, and that is exactly what we found.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed The Hotel - Very nice interior lobby, rooms were nice and clean. As you would expect at any Hilton. This is a hotel, not a resort, for people looking for interaction or activities other than gambling this is not the hotel for you. This hotel caters not Puerto Ricans, not tourist.The Staff - To sum it up, Pure Resentment, and I am not sure if it was because we were mainlanders, white or both. The group I traveled with all felt the tension and it was quite uncomfortable. The staff at the hotel gave the impression they were not overjoyed with our visit to their hotel. Reminds me of what American Blacks must have felt like when traveling in the South, in the fifties. No matter how big the tip, we could not get a thank you or prompt service. Puerto Ricans did appear to receive excellent service.The Pool Area - I think when this hotel was originally built, they had planned on making it more like a resort than a hotel. That must have failed as there swim up bar is no longer operating, no music or any other activities at the pool area. Close your eyes and your could be at a motel pool anywhere.Service at the pool for our group of mainlanders, was non-existent, we had to walk up to the outside bar to get food or drinks. However, the Puerto Ricans at the pool did receive excellent service.The Beach - This is not part of the Hilton property and is public. It is quite dirty with lots of trash  broken glass.Ponce, The Boardwalk - I strongly recommend staying away from Ponce on Friday Night  Saturday, as this is when the locals congregate and the resentment by the staff is only an extension of the locals. We went to the boardwalk on Friday night, and the nasty stares and comments were over whelming. We ate at a restaurant there, and have never had ruder treatment.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>liketotravelAtlanta
<Content>Glamour in the south! Ended up in the southern part of the island escaping cold winds in the north. Very ritzy hotel for this small city and enjoyed our stay of one night (2/17/05). Big open air lobby and large pool; black sand beach but water clear when observed from a distance. Interesting walk to the channel and boardwalk. Ponce almost European in atmosphere-and very cultural-lots of museums.Food and service OK; staff spoke English as well as we did! Enjoyed our stay!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CALIKris
<Content>Relaxation was my goal We stayed 01/23/05-01/29/05. It was a business trip for my husband and I came along just to get away and relax. We flew into San Juan, rented a car and drove about 90 minutes to Ponce. The drivers here can be impatient and somewhat crazy. At the hotel we self parked our car and checked into a room on the fourth floor. The room was decorated with a tropical feel and was very clean (I like the idea of clean tile floors vs carpet in a hotel room). We had a great view of the beach area and ocean. This is a GREAT place to go if you want a relaxing vacation during this time of year. The number of guests at the pool varied from 8 to 15. They have a great beach area with lots of lounge chairs, play area for children, picnic tables, and access (appeared inaccessible to the public ) to a public beach area. Jogs and walks along the beach were nice. The gate to this beach closes at 6pm. I also enjoyed using the gym facilities. Food was average to above average. Buffet breakfast was great, dinner watching sports on the big screen at outdoor bar area was great and access to the exec lounge for breakfast, appetizers, dessert and coffee was convenient and staff was outstanding. We never did eat at La Cava restaurant since other reviews on this site did not rave about it. The casino at times could have been a bit cleaner and tidy, but we had fun there. The staff was very friendly and went out of their way to help us. The only misunderstanding was when I inquired on a Tuesday morning about a haircut. I was told the salon was open Fridays and Saturdays but they could arrange to call someone in to do it (I declined). When I called on Friday for the appointment, I was told they are open during the week at 1 pm and Fridays and Saturdays at 10 am. Anyway, I got a great haircut at a reasonable price. This city is not quite ready for tourists. We visited Seralles Castle (very nice tourguide) and adjacent cross. The downtown was congested. We tried to visit the cathedral but it had closed at 2pm that day. The only purchases we made were rum and coffee. We traveled to the Ponce Port and expected to find lots of shops and restaurants. What we found was a nice place to go for a walk and several food stands. This hotel is a great place to relax and good place for business travelers. Looks like the golf course is quite nice too. The hotel has a wonderful open air atmosphere and staffed with friendly helpful people. Most of the staff spoke english. It was an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SouthernCalifornia
<Content>An Oasis   showReview(3184217, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel   showReview(2967722, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lawgirl2831
<Content>Nice Hotel   showReview(2825744, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TexasPetra
<Content>a place to relax       garden view  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved ponce hilton   showReview(2515844, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ponce Hilton and Resort   showReview(1990787, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to relax!!   showReview(1538059, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fdnewyork
<Content>Best hotel in Ponce   showReview(1503451, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place   showReview(1428074, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mcbrandt
<Content>The Hilton Ponce: Quiet    showReview(923123, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銉涖儐銉仹銇紤鏆?#x201d;   showReview(19161667, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

