<Author>SBTravller
<Content>Great Stay From Goh S.B. and Family...We have 4 nights of wonderful stay in Regina Hotel Barcelona just last week. The Family Room is huge - 4 single beds with large space to move around. It is very clean - it seems that the housekeeper would come in to clean and tidy up the room each time we are out. The receptionists are friendly and have no problem conversing in English.Breakfast is good, with wide range of meat, cereals, fruits and juices. A bit expensive though.I am particularly glad that the management readily modified the room rate each time it is reduced from time of my booking.One thing we find missing in the room - the complimentary coffee and tea, or at least an electric kettle. Though Starbuck is just next door, it is always great to return to the room and make for ourselves a cup of real hot drink to complete the day, especially during winter.Location is fantastic. Very convenient - direct transport by Aeroport Bus from the airport. This Hotel will definitely be our first choice if we decide to re-visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The-Georgia-Longs
<Content>Great Location-Great Staff This hotel is in a great location- easy to walk to multiple locations! It is so close to the hectic Rambla, but much more quiet and calm. The hotel presented very nicely, including the rooms. Our room was very clean, and I am very particular with this! The room had wooden floors-which I love over carpet, does not trap as much dirt, and gives such a cleaner impression!The staff, especially Lucila, were very friendly and accomodating. They even found a fan for our room that we could use during our stay. This helped with the smoke smells, and I guess any noise. The main reason we wanted it was to deal with the warm rooms (no AC allowed in December-all hotels I think).We stayed here primarily because we had two teenage girls with us that we wanted to keep in same room. This is always a tough challenge in Europe. Our room 420 was a great size (419 looked even larger). The nice thing is that it had the sink outside the bathroom, so that the shower could be used while others were getting ready. They set up two extra beds (much better than cots) in the enclave, so we had good separation. A wooden counter ran the length of the room, made for a tighter walkway, but great storage. Good shower, though very easy to flood floor if not careful, due to half door. The 4th floor is a nonsmoking floor, but if you are sensitive, you will smell it.- maybe they can get more fans! The smoke smells are probably my only complaint about the hotel.There are (3) computers down behind the bar that we were able to use, also think wi-fi is available in room. The girls had the breakfast one morning- save the money and go elsewhere!Overall- this hotel was great for the location, the staff and the European feel. It would be a great choice for a family room hotel, and worth the money to pay for the extra space. The staff really sell the place!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>qvs
<Content>Good location I visited this hotel a few years ago now, but it does have a great location, possibly unrivalled. Being just off the Ramblas is the best spot (not on it, its too noisy) and this hotel is just there. Its also a few minutes from the metro, shops and places to eat out. Its not cheap but you wont miss anything from a stay in Barca if you choose well.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>steviemagid
<Content>Would definitely stay here again! Loved this hotel! From the moment that we contacted it on the internet to check-out. Very professional--rooms were large and immaculate. Staff at the front desk helpful. Free internet was great! Wonderful location. Right in the heart of Barcelona. Also the rates for Nov. were half the price of the summer rates, which made the stay even better. Wish we could have stayed longer!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LJ2008
<Content>Decent hotel close to the action       Cassa Battlo (a 5 minute walk)  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MiDi27
<Content>Good hotel, bad sound insulation We stayed in this hotel for a week vacation in Barcelona. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, they've even organized tickets for a football match (which was quite complicated as we arrived on the match day). The hotel is modern and has all neccesary facilities, including free WiFi access. The breakfast is good, though a little variation would be welcomed.One thing to ruin it all was extremly lousy sound insulation - it sounds like walls are made of carton or something. Every day we followed the same routine - at night you cannot sleep because of neighbours returning from famous Barcelona nightlife. In the morning our wake up was set at 7:00 when the cleaning personell is starting to vacuum clean the corridor talking out loud to each other. Later, when early birds start to go for sightseeing, we could hear every word they said.All in all, the hotel management has to do something to improve this, because otherwise the hotel is mostly reccomended.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>Cruiser95
<Content>Definately a great place to stay I organised a 1 nt pre-cruise stay at the Regina for a party of 10, we exchanged emails prior to our stay with details of the rooms we required and this was dealt with in a most professional manner. Upon arrival we were given a very warm welcome by the staff, check in was quick and easy and all our requests had been attended to, our rooms were ready, clean and met all our expectations. I would recommend this hotel without reservation as everything was 1st class, the location was perfect for sight seeing, Las Ramblas etc. Highly recommended and will definately stay again, all of our group felt the same.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hellnini
<Content>A Great Hotel The hotel was in a very convenient location, close to the Plaza de Catalunya and Las Ramblas. It was extremely clean and the staff were very accommodating. It had a complimentary breakfast and free internet access. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nibbles
<Content>Stylish hotel in ideal location Our family of 4 stayed here 1 night post cruise and chose the hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews and I can see why the hotel gets such a high rating.It couldn't be in a better location, only a 100 yds off Catalunya in a quiet side street. It's a stylish hotel with a very welcoming staff and nice public areas. Our quad room was large and well equipped with nice touches such as bathrobes and slippers and a complimentary plate of fruit and water provided in the evening. The bathroom was big, with plenty of fluffy towels and the bedroom had a large TV with a good selection of channels. The free internet (and WiFi) was a welcome addition - particularly since our stay coincided with 2 VERY rainy days!A couple of minor gripes - the room was VERY hot and although it appeared to have aircon this didn't work - despite the fairly cool weather we still needed to keep the window wide open to air the room. The design of the hotel (wooden floors) doesn't lend itself to quiet - we stayed in a similar hotel in Barcelona before and found the same thing. The breakfast looked very good - but not worth 17 euros so we opted to go elsewhere.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel, or to stay here again when we next visit this wonderful city  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>MobileDane
<Content>Funky and well located, some windowless rooms It was very fine to stay at the Regina three nights for a nearby conference at the university. A bit on the expensive side, but it was generally modern, elegant, attractive and funky. Free fully functioning in room WIFI included. First I was put in a very small room with no windows, I did not like that! It was changed next day no problem. Lively streets, but excellent glazing keeps it quiet inside if you prefer. Breakfast is good but expensive (they almost seemed to panic when they discovered I was having breakfast one morning, not included in my deal, but relaxed when I flashed my key and credit card). Starbucks is right next door, not too cheap either, but nice outside seating. The location of the hotel is very good near Metro, sightseeing bus start, shopping, and head of las Ramblas. I would gladly stay here again for business or pleasure, but be more alert about getting a good room from the start.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>clivethegadget
<Content>Very nice hotel in a perfect location. My family of 4 stayed in a family room for 3 nights from 8th October. The room was very large and clean with very comfortable beds.The position of the hotel was excellent as it is situated just around the corner from Plaza Catalunya with all the transport faciities and restaurants on the doorstep.On arrival we found that my daughter had left her mobile phone in the taxi ... but i would like to thanks the hotel staff for their help and consideration as they offered and helped us with trying to get the phone back. (Thankfully, we did manage to contact the finder and get it back).We did not have breakfast at the hotel as the price of 16 euros per person seemed expensive (a family of 4 costing 64 euros).However, there were plenty of places close by which were great for breakfast at reasonable value.The hotel went to great lengths to ensure that we had a great stay for our Wedding anniversary. Thank you Mr Sanchez .. we loved your hotel and your kind hospitality and I would certainly stay there again when we return and would recommend it to others. Thanks !  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	-1	4	5	3	

<Author>fool1234
<Content>Nice Hotel; Better Than Expected Stayed at this hotel pre-cruise for 1 night. We had booked a Family Room since we were 3 Adults. Room was very large and there was a separate area for the 3rd single bed. Bathroom was a large size as well. Room was very clean and provided all the necessitities as well. Hotel is in a good location and within walking distance to the Ramblas, Plaza Cataluna and the Passeig de Gracia. Also convenient to their Metro system as well. Wished I had booked this hotel for our post-cruise stay for 2 nights since we were very disappointed in the choice we made upon our return to Barcelona. Would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>vandkl
<Content>Very Pleased! I arranged for our small staff to stay at the Hotel Regina during a convention in June of 2008. Even before we arrived, the staff at the hotel was very responsive to questions that we sent via email, etc. Once we arrived, I was again pleasantly surprised at how nice and helpful the staff was.The lobby was small, but very well kept and beautiful. The rooms were comfortable and really modern, clean and nice. The internet was free, so that was great as well!The hotel is in a great area, very close to the Catalonia Ramblas. It wasn't very close to the convention center, but the subway was close and easy to use.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel0h0lic
<Content>Excellent location, nice hotel We stayed at the Regina during 2 nights for a week-end getaway for my 45th birthday early Sept. In all, this hotel is OK and what you would expect of a 4 star city hotel. Nothing special but nice design. Husband, myself and our teenage daughter shared a 'family room'. It was spacious and nicely decorated with modern dark wood furniture. We were pleasantly surprised that we did not hear the traffic - the hotel is located right in the middle at the top of La Rambla and therefore quite a lot of traffic noise. However, inside, the hotel is very poorly insulated. We were unlucky to have the cleaner's cupboard just outside our room and at 07:00 in the morning we heard everything they did and said ... very annoying! There is a 1.5 cm gap under the door which makes anything said in the corridor like if said inside your room. While fully equipped with bathrobes, slippers, toiletries, towels etc for 3 people (which is good, you usually have to remind housekeeping of the third person), we thought the bathroom was very small and the double sink next to the bed was weird. Since the bathroom/room obviously had been remodelled, it would have been better to move the wall across and include the sinks within the bathroom. We enjoyed Barcelona very much. Beautiful city with lots to do and see for a week-end getaway and warm temperatures still in September. We even spent an afternoon on the beach.The sister hotel Pulitzer next door has a much nicer bar. Can be recommended. We'll probably stay at the Pulitzer next time.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sousse
<Content>Lovely Hotel       Comfortable Room  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Barcelona0882
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed in Hotel Regina for 4 nights in August and it was Brilliant.If your searching for somewhere with good location with great rooms and good service then you've found it.We booked online and had the normal worry about if the hotel would be good or not but we really shouldnt of.The airport bus dropped us off and only took us a few mins to find hotel walking with our bags, we were greeted by friendly staff and impressive entrance to hotel.Room was great! very stylish with large plasma tv and great view, extremely comfy bed and wee mini bar to keep us going. loved it!Hotel's in a great location, only a few mins walk round to las ramblas and main square; the tour bus also goes from this area too so didnt have to go far at all to start the city touring.We ate in the hotel and it was really good, very relaxing atmosphere, free internet if you have things to do/catch up on, there is nothing I can say that was wrong at all and highly recommend staying here.Hotel also has room to store luggage if you dont leave till late on your check out day which was very handy for us!Thank you to all the staff and also for the bottle of Cava we received and hope to see you again soon.phil and louise  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bp96
<Content>Excellent!! A great location as well. Excellent hotel, very friendly staff, and a perfect location for getting around Barcelona (right at the top of Las Ramblas - Metro station 1/2 a block away - bank right on the corner). Stayed here 2 nights, 1 pre and 1 post cruise. After our first night, the person at the desk knew we were to come back after our cruise, asked how we liked the room, then asked if we would like the same room when we returned. How good is that. Both days we were able to check right in when we arrived in the AM. Room was clean, comfortable, and - well - excellent.Only minor thing to be aware of is that this hotel uses DCC for credit card transactions. Didn't catch this the first night, nor was I asked if I wanted the transaction in Euro or our home currency. On the second stay, I was asked after the transaction was run through - so they needed to redo it.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>claire462
<Content>Avoid the Regina Surly check in clerk.Air con did not work despite complaining twice.Not one good nights sleep in 3 night stay due to non existent sound proofing between rooms and corridor. If you like the sound of slamming doors, stay here, otherwise spend your euros more wisely. 2nd attempt to review this hotel so hopefully this one will get shown!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Doon
<Content>First class An excellent hotel in a fantastic location for viewing all sights and access to transport links. Friendly and helpfull staff and a fantastic breakfast selection.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>downsmead
<Content>Brilliant location, wonderful beds Stayed at the Hotel Regina for 2 nights in August in a family room. The room was exceptionally spacious, the bathroom well stocked with towels, robes and toiletries. The beds were the most comfortable we have ever had in an hotel room anywhere in the world. Our teenage girls especially appreciated the free internet.The hotel is brilliantly situated for exploring Barcelona with most of the attractions within easy walking distance. The family room offers good value for money. The staff are very friendly and accomodating. I can thoroughly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sandihno74
<Content>balcony adventures and beautiful people We arrived in Catalunya on the Sunday evening of my birthday and I was immediately impressed with the Hotel location. Whilst central and very close to La Ramblas, the Regina enjoys the quiet luxury of being on a street slightly off the main thoroughfare and is therefore not too full on when you don't want it to be.A one minute walk away is the tour bus stop, from where you can gain access to the wondrous cultural and historic sights of Barca. I'd never been on a tour bus but trust me, in Barcelona it is so nice to just tour and jump off at a place you fancy.The room itself was spacious, very clean and well maintained and stylish. Personally I really enjoyed the balcony. Standing there at bedtime or in the morning before heading out and consuming the sights and sounds of such a brilliant place, the different characters and local people just going about their daily business was fascinating.Thinking about it now, I really am not sure if I have ever slept in a more comfy bed. Such good sleep, it was real proper comfort.I also received cake and Cava on my birthday, which was an unexpected surprise and a lovely gesture. The staff at the Regina were great. My lasting impression is of a quiet confidence and professionalism. I was highly impressed on our check out day. I mean OK, most hotels (good ones) have a luggage room but on our check out day I did not feel hassled at all. There was no rush and we were still being treated as guests. We had a small issue with our flight and the super people at reception let us use the hotel phone and generally cared and concerned that we were OK. Bear in mind that this was AFTER we had stopped being paying customers. Now that's how the hotel world should be.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Musken
<Content>Overall very good, but some issues We stayed in a family room which was very well designed with huge, comfortable double bed and a very good extra bed for our son. Room very clean with nice furniture. Spacious bathroom. But:- Aircondition directly pointed at bed. Very uncomfortable. Had to turn it off in the end, which meant that it became a bit too hot for a good sleep..- Seems they forget to put in new door when the rest of the room was modernised, i.e. old thin door which means you hear everything going on in the corridor outside. Again not very sleep enhancing. Great location of the hotel for sightseeing and shopping. We did not have breakfast included, but took advantage of the Starbucks next door. Very convenient. Parking in an expensive but good place in same street as hotel.I would definitely go back if the aircondition and door-issues could be solved. Otherwise unfortunately not, since a good nights sleep is very important to me.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>MaltaMerc
<Content>An allrounder Perfect location - just off Placa de Catalunya, right at the heart of Barcelona. Room was small but very clean and tastefully furnished (although lacking a full size mirror). Very comfortable bed. A functional modern bathroom. Free internet in the lounge area.Breakfast - buffet style, varied, good quality food.We recommend this hotel. with confidence.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>africanangler
<Content>Spot On! Nice rooms, POOR air-conditioning but that was fixed in the next room. Good staff. Superb location and breakfast until noon which was a real bonus. We had brunch and headed out everyday. Good choice of hot and cold foods... excellent service at the restaurant.My only complaint was that there was NO WATER AVAILABLE in the hotel after 11 pm. We were told that the bar shuts at 11 pm. and hence there is no water available to drink!!!The reception staff was also a bit rude. On check out I offered to pay for a mini bar item that they had not billed me for. I was asked to walk down to the bank and get the correct change so I could pay them for something that they had not billed me for!!!! The nerve!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Dr_Rox
<Content>Fabulous in Every Aspect I booked a room at the Hotel Regina for 3 nights and 4 days after reading reviews and seeing photos on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed in any way and this hotel, its staff, service and location were ideal for our trip. I e-mailed the manager 3 days in advance and requested a smoking room, balcony and bath tub. The manager responded speedily and was very helpful, which was much appreciated. Even though we didn't get a smoking room (no doubt due to the late booking), the rest of our requests were met. Also, as it was my fianc茅e鈥檚 birthday on the day of our arrival, he was treated with a delicious birthday cake and bottle of Cava as a surprise. He was delighted by this warm welcome to the beautiful city of Barcelona!The location was ideal; we were based in the hubbub of the city but without the noise and bustle. A 2-minute walk to a city tour bus stop (which is the best way of getting to the hidden and more well-known sights and areas of Barcelona) and Las Rambla (with its marvellous variety of street artists, cafes, markets and people). A 5-minute walk to the enchanting Gothic Quarter and 10 minutes to the Arc de Triamf whilst surrounded by the spectacular architecture of Gaudi. In fact, the Hotel Regina was so well located, everything was within in easy reach. As a couple on a romantic break, we wanted privacy, comfort and a touch of sophistication from our hotel and room. We weren't disappointed. The staff were friendly, non-invasive and very helpful even abiding our poor but eager attempts at speaking Spanish with wide smiles of amusement! The bar seemed more suitable for business/non-intimate guests due to its layout and but was perfect for intimate late night drinks after exploring the city鈥檚 nightlife. This is another great appeal of the hotel; with Las Rambla 2 minutes away and its many cobbled side streets leading to mystically lighted and delightful squares, there were an endless variety of bars and restaurants catering for all people, tastes and budgets - morning, noon and night. The room and en-suite bathroom were very spacious, clean and beautifully designed in modern decor. And now, for the beds! It was like sleeping on a cloud; with no noise from the street or air conditioning (which was superb); this was an amazing experience in itself! If you鈥檙e looking for a romantic, hassle-free, relaxed and seductively modern hotel with easy access to all of the great sights of Barcelona without the noise, I strongly suggest you stay at this hotel. I would not hesitate in recommending the Hotel Regina in Barcelona to any lone traveller, couple or small family visiting this cosmopolitan yet traditional city steeped in fascinating history.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Nick28Ontario
<Content>Superior location + Pofessional staff = Superb Stay!       Balcony of room  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BTJ08
<Content>Excellent all rounder I can't say enough about the Hotel Regina. Book it if you get a chance because it's well worth a visit. I was there for 3 nights and I can't fault anything in it. The staff were helpful but not overbearing, the rooms were spotless and modern (with excellent air conditioning) and the beds were so comfortable that i didn't want to leave! I would say it was one of the most pleasant hotels I have ever stayed in. Top marks to the manager - he shows what good hotel management is all about.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Tewnie1
<Content>The best hotel in Barcelona       Bedroom image 2  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YLTang
<Content>apparently most smallest room , really anti-climax Before I booked my air plane ticket to Barcelona, I intensively looked at Tripadvisor for suggestions. After a long search I stumbled to this hotel; looked at most of the positive reviews and actually also the traveller's pictures.When we actually arive on July 30th, we got a room which apparently was the smallest room of the whole hotel (imo), 202.All the good and positive reviews turned out for me to be unreal.No bath, just a shower, small toilet, which I actually have trouble to do my daily things.The bed was good, but small. We actually have not much room to put our lugages.The staff at the reception I actually did not find that friendly as what I see most of the reviewers are telling. Maybe, they have a different service based on your appearance? I do find the cleaning staff friendly, always greeting you and smiling.For me it is a once time stay at this hotel, I will try other hotels nearby with the same price.The location though is super.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jamin662
<Content>Not so good second time around Just Visited this hotel a second time, and whilst everything was still very professional, with the busier season, the service seemed less friendly, which I guess is understandable.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deb040
<Content>Fantastic Hotel It has taken me a little while to post this review but as we had such a fantastic stay didn't want to let this pass!went away with my female friend to celebrate my birthday - *location - couldn't be better very central*rooms - perfect size, fab bathrooms, lovely little balconies*service - very helpfuk, carried our bags to the room, had dinner in bar first night which was very reasonably priced*extra - first night were given complementary bottle cava  yummy chocolate cake for my birthdaysorry this is short review but just wanted to stay would stay here every time I go to Barcelona - fantastic!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Paulafluff
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in central Barcelona My family and I have just returned from a two night stay at the Hotel Regina in Barcelona at the end of our holiday in Spain. We had requested a family room (two girls aged 10 and 5) which they were able to provide on the first floor. Our room was very clean and modern with dressing gowns/slippers for all of the family which the kids loved. The room was very modern and very cool thanks to the great air con. The room was also tidied during our stay and the beds made up (properly) and the bathroom cleaned. We had quite a big bathroom and a separate shower with constant hot water. The hotel was very quiet and no street noise even though we were at the front of the hotel.On the first night we received complimentary champagne and chocs which was a fabulous start to our stay.We got the bus from Barcelona airport (very cheap at 4 euros per person) right to Catalunya square. The girl at the hotel told us to look out for FNCB which was at the corner of the street where the hotel was situated so it was easy to spot. The location of the hotel was great and was handy to pop back to for a rest during the day if needed! The hotel had 3 computers with free internet access which was great. The staff at reception, bar area and the restaurant were extremely helpful with every request we had. We had breakfast there which was very fresh and with plenty of choices to suit everyone.This was our first trip to Barcelona and we really enjoyed it and we will definitely return and stay at Hotel Regina again!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frances_alex
<Content>Boss Hotel!!       shower was a little too small  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cybergirlScotland
<Content>Great for a weekend break Have just returned from a 4 night break staying at the Hotel Regina in Barcelona. Absolutely perfect location at the top of Las Ramblas just off the main road. Brilliant for getting the open top bus in Place Catalanya. Had a room on the 3rd floor overlooking the main entrance. No trouble with noise from the street. Decent sized room with everything that you need in it. Lovely toiletries and fluffy towels. Didn't have breakfast in the hotel. Went to the Royal hotel for breakfast where there was a good buffet for 10 euros which set us up for the day.Would definitely use this hotel again. Not the cheapest place to stay but you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>india1939
<Content>Hotel Regina is a superior hotel We stayed at the Regina for two nights in late June. We had a double room, (2 beds), our children and grandchildren had a quad room (4 beds). The hotel is right off Plaza Catalyuna and the main thoroughfare Las Ramblas. It was quiet (except for the night that Spain won the world cup), the rooms were modern, clean and beautiful. Bathrooms were crisp and clean. The complimentary bathrobes were a plus. Their small bar is quiet and perfect to relax in after a day of sightseeing. They will arrange for sandwiches and small meals upon request. The internet is free, with 3 provided computers. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, answering our questions and providing taxi calls and restaurant recommendations. The beds were very comfortable, the rooms fairly large. Although not inexpensive, it compares very favorably with any 4 star hotel in New York City...indeed the rooms are larger and cleaner. We would be happy to use this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Conchobar
<Content>Outstanding       Room view 2  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kirfunk
<Content>Loved the Regina!       Bed  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kjs55555
<Content>avoid room 502 We stayed at the Regina for two nights preceding our cruise departing from Barcelona. Although the hotel is ideally located just off the city center, our room had two major problems. First, was that the airconditioning, if you want to call it that, was practically non-existent. We have a thermometer on our travel clock radio and the coolest that the room ever got was 73F. Anytime we left the room the Air conditioning was turned off, resulting in a considerably warmer room upon our return. Although there were thermostat and fan setting switches on the wall of our room, neither appeared to be functioning. Our second complaint was that the bathroom floor completely flooded each time the shower was used....due to a leak under the shower door. We brought both of these problems to the front desk after our first night, even explaining where the shower was leaking from and nothing was done to correct either problem. One other side issue is that the chair in the room is extremely uncomfortable....too low and no arms. (If we wanted to sit anywhere, we had to sit on the bed.) My parents were in another room and theirs had a beautiful leather chair.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>getawaysLondon
<Content>Perfect Hotel My husband and I stayed here last week for 2 nights. We found the hotel absolutely perfect, the location was great the service was good, it was very clean, very contemporary and offered us everything we needed for a short city break. I have to say the beds were absolutely amazing, so comfortable I don't think we have ever slept so well being away from home.Would definitely book a room again should we revisit beautiful Barcelona  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mickeyjock
<Content>Terrific Hotel, will return Our family of 9 ( 7 adults and 2 children) just returned from our wonderful 7 night stay at the Hotel Regina, Barcelona. The hotel is located 2 minutes from Plaza Catalunya and could not be in a better location to get around the city. We got the airport bus in which leaves you off outside the Corte Ingles right opposite the street the hotel is on. When we arrived, check in was quick and the staff could not be more helpful. They gave us a family room for 4, a triple room for 3 and a superior double which also had an extra partition with a bed in it. The rooms all had bottles of champagne, large bathrooms with 2 sinks and lots of toiletries. The beds were huge and very comfortable and each room had a 32 inch plasma screen. We asked for rooms on the first floor and they were all located together so it was like having your own little section of the hotel. I contacted the manager who is also manager of the award winning Hotel Pultzier which is next door and we were also able to use their amenities too. The manager arranged for us to have rooms plus breakfast, which turned out to be the best choice and well worth the extra money. It was a buffet breakfast with a variety of breads/ croissants/ cakes/ cheeses/juices/ cereals/ tortillas/ fresh fruit and salads and more.. The staff were extremely helpful, in particular Lucila who heled us get concert tickets. The food in the hotel is really good and reasonably priced and the bar staff make sure everything is perfect for you. For some of the group, it was our 2nd time in Barcelona and it was even better this time around. before we stayed in Barceloneta beside the beach which is a bit of a trek into the city centre. Everything is within walking distance of Hotel Regina and it really helps when you have somewhere luxurious to come back to when you have had a long day playing the tourist. I would 100% reccommend this hotel and Barelona to any traveller.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FinbarratBrixworth
<Content>Wonderful! Have just returned from a 2 night stay, and thoroughly enjoyed it. The location of this hotel is perfect. It's right in the centre of the city, so a perfect starting point to explore. And also very easy to get back to - all types of transport are right outside. From the moment we arrived, the staff were very helpful and efficient. The room was an unusual shape but an acceptable size. The beds were comfy.Our only complaint was being located right next to the infamous housekeeping cupboard, and therefore heard every door open and close as the staff went about their work in the early hours. To be fair, we didn't mention this to management, as we were only there for 2 nights and didn't want the hassle of changing our room. The staff were very helpful in letting us store our luggage after checking out, for nearly a whole day. Also, no free wine or chocolates in the room, as others have noted.We felt safe and secure in and outside the hotel at all times, which was nice, being 2 females.I would recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HJDASW
<Content>This is your hotel !!! End your search for the perfect Barcelona hotel now. Free WiFi, the best location (on plaza catalunya - with ramblas stretching on one end and the beautiful Plaza de Gracia on the other). Walking distance to the Sagrada Familia (via Eixample)and the Port Vell. El Corte Ingles across the street; as was a Carrefour for groceries etc if you need any. The staff is a bit surly, but very helpful (booked restaurants etc for us) and a very nice hotel lobby bar. The rooms are large, overlooking the streets so always active. If you keep the windows closed you don't even realize you are in he midst of everything) Bathrooms are well done, large  equipped.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AnnDonald
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Hotel Regina in May for 3 nights. I booked two rooms and I couldn't have been happier with the two rooms we were allocated. The rooms were really spacious and modern and both had great outlooks and even although both rooms were to the front of the hotel they were both really quiet at night. One of the rooms was for my brother and I booked this on a double room for single occupancy rate and I have to say it was well worth booking this room. I had emailed ahead with specific requiremets and they were met in every way. Every member of staff, from reception to bar staff were extremely professional and helpful. We used the facilities of the adjoining Pulitzer hotel, ie. roof top bar and courtyard, if we returned during the day, and on returning to the hotel later on in the evening used the bar area at the Regina. On returning to the UK I wrote to the Manager to thank him and his staff and received a really nice response from him, which I wasn't expecting. I had such a good time in Barcelona and was so happy with the hotel that I couldn't even say goodbye to the staff as we left as I was crying!!Would most definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>krisNewYork
<Content>Great! My friend and I were visiting Barcelona for 3 days in April and we picked hotel Regina based on its great reviews. We had a very large double room with large french windows that opened out onto the street. The room was also available in the mid morning when we arrived from our flight which was wonderful and unexpected. They even sent up a bottle of champagne! And the location is perfect! It is on a side street off one of the main central plazas. Subways and bus stops are all right there but we ended up just walking to most sites. There is a quiet bar area in the hotel which we didnt really use since we were out all the time. There is also free internet but often at least 1 of the 3 computers wasnt working so you sometimes had to wait. Overall I would highly recommend to hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Boio
<Content>Perfectly adequate Stayed here for one night at the end of a 3 week trip to Spain. Staff at the reception desk were helpful with any requests or questions. However, I had booked a double room in advance, and confirmed it was a double at check-in, but when I got to the room, it was a twin. When I phoned reception to see what was going on, they told me that a booking for a double room is only treated as a REQUEST for a double. Huh??? Hotel Regina  I obviously have different concepts of what a confirmed booking is. They did find a double room for me, so it was all fine after that.Free internet access in the business centre near the hotel bar was great.Overall, I don't have any complaints about the hotel, but nor is it one I would rave about. Perfectly adequate sums it up.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>LondonStoofa
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at this hotel in a triple room for two nights with two girlfriends on a city break. The location is perfect in a quiet road set just off the main square with metro stations everywhere.Reception staff were wonderful, very helpful and happy to reccomend restaurants if you let them know what you are looking for (eg. typical catalan within walking distance). We did not have breakfast at the hotel as 16euro per person seemed overpriced and there are plenty of wondeful cafes in the area.Our room was on the 5th floor and was spacious with snacks, wine and plenty of toiletries which were restocked daily. There is a minibar although the price list is confusing and very expensive.The only downside is that the hotel information allowed us to believe that it was possible to get a direct train from the airport to the hotel; it is not and requires several changes. Not a problem if you speak Spanish/Catalan but could be a problem if not.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>lithebod
<Content>No problems for me at the Hotel Regina       view from our balcony  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>KathleenManchester
<Content>Disappointing experience We visited Barcelona for a long weekend and booked La Regina after a great deal of research on Tripadvisor. We were looking forward to a spacious, comfortable room and good service.On arriving at the hotel at 1pm on a Saturday we were impressed with the pleasant and quiet reception ( the surrounding area is extremely busy and in retrospect not the place for a relaxing break). However, we were greet by a middle aged male receptionist who was less then helpful or friendly. We were told we could could either have the 4th or 1st floor, on asking which room was nicer he simply shrugged. We took the 4th floor, however on opening the door of room 421 were greeted with a room the size of a matchbox with NO window and right next to the maids room. As this was Saturday and were paying 224 Euros for the night, this was unacceptable and I returned to reception to request the room on the 1st floor. The receptionist was not pleasant about this and grumbled in Spanish to his colleague and waived his hands in the air.The bell boy took us to room 107 and on the way confided that they always had problems with room 421. Room 107 was just as small but did have a window, as we had no choice we took it ( I must comment there was no cava or chocolates either) However, on arriving home late on Sunday night we were overwhelmed by the stench of sewage coming up through the drains in the bathroom. We informed reception who were already aware of the problem but had not tried to contact us. They then moved us to room 202 and we had to pack our things at midnight to switch rooms. Again 202 was a very small room.On the Sunday we had also asked the bell boy for a restaurent recommendation and were recommended Case De Tapes which was nearby, as far as we could tell there were no Spanish eating in this restaurent , only tourists. It was an unpleasant atmosphere, it was overpriced and the food was below average.The only pleasant memory I shall take of La Regina is that it has a lovely bar, it is very soothing after the business of Barcelona and the bar staff were excellent.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>nhhunter
<Content>Great Location in a very comfortable hotel. We were a family of 4 with teen age children and could not have asked for better.Great Location in the heart of the city with La Ramba, Passage de Gracia and the Old City within walking distance in minutes.Hotel Staff was very friendly and helpful.Would stay here again even if alone on business.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>TravelerCool
<Content>great location I stayed at the Hotel regina for 3 nights in May with my 2 children. We ended up staying here by default due to a problem with the aircon in our original hotel. ( See review on Casa Camper).The transfer was handled beautifully.From the moment we arrived things looked up. There is an air of understated elegance as you enter which is most relaxing after the bustle of the outside world. The manager appeared from the sister hotel next door to welcome us, bedraggled and bereft of sleep, and we were shown to our room. Unfortunately, we did not get the cava and chocolates that other reviewers have mentioned, but I suspect that it was simply the nature of our arrival that resulted in this ommission!The room was light, airy, spacious and, most importantly, the aircon worked! The room had a relaxed contemporary feel, anhanced by the simple colour scheme. The bathroom was somewhat small, but adequate. The alcove for the sofa bed was fine. Television, mini bar, safe, toiletries were all present. There was plety of storage space. We found the beds to be comfortable and slept reasonably well- except for the noise outside. Having complained in the previous hotel we had stayed in, I was slow to make a big deal here- but I would recommend travellers to request a quiet room.Breakfast was super. The selection was very good- and though one could not get eggs, omelletes etc cooked to order, there was plenty to choose from...Breads, rolls, toast, fruits, yogurts, croissants,pastries, caprese salad, cold meats,cheeses, scrambled eggs, sausages and sauteed potatoes, teas coffee, juice....essentially a very good choice. The breakfast room itself was light and airy and offered views on 2 sides of the streets outside; so one could just eat breakfast and watch the world go by.The location of this hotel is second to none- 2 minutes from the Placa Catalunya, where the tour buses leave; and 2 minutes from Las Ramblas pedestrian street. Taxis are easy to get if you want to travel farther afield.We visited the bar in the Pulitzer- a little of the poser crowd, but pleasant. The bar in the Regina was relaxed, intimate and I was able to sip my wine and read my book while the boys spent 45 minutes on the computers. I appreciated the faact that I could watch them easily from the bar....and that there was no cost for this service. Speaking of cost, I do not know whether I gto a good deal or not. Due to the hotel change, I was offered the room for the same rate as the casa camper. I suspect that I lost out but , to be honest, was so pleased to be gone from the other hotel that I did not even query it.My views were mixed on the reception/concierge staff. Some were very helpful. Others not so much. Unfortunately, i cannot remember the names. On arrival we were given a booklet on Barcelona. I chose 2 Italian restaurants and asked reception to book them. I was advised that the restaurants did not take bookings and that we could just take a taxi. Reception booked us a taxi at 715 but when we arrived we found that the restaurant did not open until 830. This meant that we had to walk around for over an hour- not such a nice prospect with an 8 and 11 year old in tow, after a long day touring! We called into the Astoria hotel for a drink to pass the time and got chatting to the concierge; who telephoned the resaurant and booked it for us.On return to our hotel, I mentioned to the reception staff that booking was possible . Surprise was expressed! I asked him to book another restaurant for the next night but, again, was told that it was not possible. I asked him to check...and the reservation was made! I feel that if a hotel if giving these guides to its guests, it should be familiar with things like opening hours and reservation policies. As someone with children, it is very important to me to plan carefully.Regarding the restaurants; we like Italian, so the following may help other travellers:-Ottimo - enric granados 95 : we loved this stylish place. food was exquisite. lovely for a romantic meal for 2- though my romantic meal with my sons was also most enjoyable. Lovely pea and asparagus starter, consomme with ravioli, beef, pasta. This is not a pizza joint. A classy experience.i Sapori dItalia- Aribau 152_ Again, we enjoyed lunch here. Choice of set menu or a la carte. Good choice. Pizza available.We ate here twice.Non solo pizza enric granados? - what a charming little place. Great buzz, great food. small simple menu with daily specials. No pizza but great pasta. My sons loved the steak here. Very limited wine choice- but the athmosphere is great. One word of warning: the idea of Starters does not really apply here. We ordered caprese salad and 2 penne arrabiatta to begin but the portions were monstrous. When the bill arrived I realised that there is one size, one price ....so maybe share the salad..or just stick to main course...and lovely tiramisu and sorbet. We ate here twice.We ate at one pizza joint near familia sagrada- cant remember the name- piazzente??recommended on this site but, in our opinion,- it was awful. Undercooked pizza with too much mozzarella, unclean tables and place almost empty.If you like Italian choose from Ottima, I Sapori dItalia or non solo pizza.We did the bus tour on 2 days- great way to see the city. Luckily, it was sunny. The day we went to the aquarium it lashed rain. My boys loved this place. We also went to the Cosmo Caixa, which I highly recommend. It is a great experience, with lots of interactive educational fun for everyone.In all, I would highly recommend the Hotel Regina. Were we to go back to Barcelona we would stay there. However, I feel that it is not a city i would rush back to anytime soon. We have the sense of been there, done that; and it may be hard to broaden the experience until the children are older. That said, the same is true of any city when you have youngsters! Our next stop will probably be Rome...any suggestions?  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Pessahs
<Content>Great Place to Stay I recently traveled to Barcelona with my two sons, ages 9 and 7, for a FC Barcelona match. This hotel was not only a perfect location for seeing the city, but a great place to stay with my kids. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ScottyFLL
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Staff, Great Room! I used Trip Advisor to help pick this hotel. I was looking at recent reveiws and this property stood out. I would highly reccomend this hotel. I arrived in Barcelona at 8am, I was amazed they had a room for me that early. This hotel is very well maintained and spotless. I loved the decor, the size of the room, huge bathroom, and with double windows, no outside noise what so ever!If you're going to Barcelona, don't waste your time looking at other hotels, stay at the Regina. You'll love it!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>29north
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the Regina for 6 nights.Great but pricey hotel, but not by Barcelona standards, and for a Grand Prix Race weekend.Large Room(more than expected) very quiet except for door slams on a couple of occasion late at night. Location cannot be better for most people. Breakfast was very good. Bar was nice and a great bar tender spoke little English but he was great, despite the language barrier he helps us out with side trips, my lady and he got along great, she want to learn Spanish and he was helpful. Most of the front desk staff were very helpful. I loved the open wardrobe with open boxes for stuff, much better than a closetProblems (none that were not fixed in good time).Sorry I did not get to meet the manager who watches this forum.All in all a great hotel stay.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>sh_travelerFlorida
<Content>Excellent Hotel My wife and I just returned from a three night stay at the Hotel Regina in Barcelona. This hotel is highly recommended. It is very convenient to the main shopping street; the room that we had (#403) was situated at the front of the hotel - it was very comfortable and quiet; the staff is friendly and very accommodating - making dinner reservations, reconfirming air reservations, etc. I would definetely stay at this hotel should we make a return visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toyee
<Content>Reasonable rates...great location The hotel is centrally located at the foot of Las Ramblas. If you want to be in the heart of the city, this is the place. The rooms are clean, well appointed and modern. The service was above average to good. The staff made an effort to accomodate me with my issues and did their best. I found a great rate on the internet and I strongly believe that I received the best bang for my buck for Barcelona. Note to light sleepers! The walls are pretty thin and you can hear even the slightest activity outside your door. But, this is understandable given the age of the building.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>susanne703
<Content>Hotel Regina - a lovely place to stay The Hotel Regina is in a fantastic location, just off La Rambla and the Placa del Catalonya. It is next door to the Pulitzer Hotel and has the same manager. I was there for 5 days in April 2008.I had requested a room on a higher floor, away from the elevators and maid storage room, with a balcony. I received exactly what I had requested. The hotel provides all guests with a complimentary bottle of cava and a box of dessert chocolates - a very nice touch. The staff was very helpful and attentative. Maid service was terrific. The bar area serves some food or you can go to the dining room at the Pulitzer Hotel. There is room service - breakfast through late evening. The hotel room itself was great - nice size for a European hotel, extremely comfortable bed, in room safe and television, nice bathroom with amenities. It made for a very pleasant experience and stay in Barcelona  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>t0pcat
<Content>Cool hotel, excellent location My wife and I have just returned from four days at Hotel Regina Barcelona, which we chose on the strength of the reviews here, we were not disappointed !We have both been to Barcelona several times before so we knew the area, the hotel is in an excellent location just of Catalunya Sq, 5 mins from La Rambla. Don鈥檛 get a cab from the airport, take the bus it鈥檚 4 Euros from the airport and runs every 10 mins and stops in Catalunya Sq, get of the bus look across the square for the BBVA clock and Habitat, the hotel in 2 mins walk across the square between the two buildings.We were in Barcelona for my birthday, we booked a superior room and requested a high floor room with street view. We arrived at 11am expecting to be told you can leave your bags as the room is not ready, not so, checked in OK as the room was ready (I would not expect this though, as the time we went was a quiet one) upstairs to rm 405 鈥?high floor, street view !! 5 mins later their was a knock at the door, a bottle of Cava and two glasses with a birthday wish compliments of the hotel !Our room was large, clean, bright and airy it felt more like we were in an apartment than a hotel room, the only slight disappointment was that we had two single beds pushed together to make a double rather than just a double, but it was very comfy all the same. Some people have commented about train noise etc. We didn鈥檛 experience any of this, in fact once the balcony doors were shut outside traffic noise etc was virtually non existent. All areas of the hotel we found were clean and tidy at all times. The hotel bar (at the time we were their) was quiet, I would recommend the cocktail bar at the Pullitzer next door (part of the same group)I stay away through work quite often and make a point of avoiding eating in any of the hotels I stay in. My wife commented on how whenever we go away the first nights meal is always the worst as you never know where to go and are just to tired to bother. If you have dinner at the Pullitzer next door on the first night I guarantee you will not be disappointed, the food is superb. We didn鈥檛 have breakfast at the hotel 鈥?got up to late ! I鈥檇 avoid the diner/restaurant across the road (rude  surly staff) Starbucks is 20 yards left out of the hotel.The last time we were in Barcelona we had lunch at one of the many outside eateries on the Ramblas, my advice avoid this overpriced tourist fare, go into the market on the Ramblas and head for the 鈥榚at at bars鈥?at the back the food is cooked fresh while you wait in front of you and is very good. Whilst we are talking about food L鈥?Olivia (left out of the hotel, cross the road and up the passage between the shops) is very good. I would definitely avoid Les Quinze Nits in Placa Reial just of the Ramblas, we queued for an hour to be served tasteless food and when we complained the manager said 鈥榟ow do we know what it should taste like鈥?!! with your back to Les Quinze look to the left corner of the square and go to Santa Monica, good food, great staff.If you go down to the marina/Port Vell, Luz de Gas (the blue boat) is a must, the atmosphere and the tapas is excellent though you will have to queue if the sun is out ! but once you have sat down your table is yours to soak up the sun and atmosphere for as long as you want it. If however the queue is to long walk past Luz de Gas to the history museum, take the lift to the 4th floor (entry is free) the caf茅 serves superb food and if it鈥檚 sunny you can eat the superb food on the terrace with excellent views over the marina.Anyway back to Regina, great hotel, great location excellent staff for who nothing seems too much trouble I would recommend it all day long, in fact we are going back in June !!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Callie19
<Content>Great hotel! Great hotel and especially the location!!Only disappointment were the breakfast, too pricy ......  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Birchdene
<Content>Great Location We stayed with friends for a long weekend in early April. The Hotel is ideally located and within a short walk of the Bus Stop for the airport bus. Tip pay the bus driver dont queue at the machine to pre purchase your ticket - the wait is too long! the hotel is located done a side road and therefore just far enough away from the noise and hutsle and bussle. Rooms are cosy and very clean. You can feel/hear the rumble of the Metro underground but seems fairly general across the City and was certainly not enough to disturb our stay. You must try the market off of las ramblas it is a real experience. We stayed for three days which was not long enough and another two days would have been nice to have explored further. we will definitely be back.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kate055
<Content>lovely hotel We spent 3 nights at the regina on the strenght of reviews here, we were not disapointed. We had room210 a large corner room very clean comfortable, and noise free. The location is brilliant as is beautiful barcelona !!! I would have liked to have tea or coffe making available in the room.I found the wash basins outside of the shower to be a great idea.We had a lovely meal in the attic on las ramdlas would highly recommend it.The bar in the hotel is VERY QUIET perhaps alittle more life and upbeat music would encourage people to stay longer . I would recomment this hotel to all my friends, and starbucks was next door.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Winegirl921
<Content>Great location, great staff I stayed at the Hotel Regina for two weeks in February while on a business trip and was extremely pleased with the overall experience. As an American who speaks very little Spanish (and certainly no Catalan), I was put at ease by the staff who spoke very good English and were extremely accomodating. Both the front desk and bar staff called taxis on a moment's notice, filled all requests for needs in a timely manner and were very helpful with directions and providing local information about transportation, restaurants, etc.The room was modern, comfortable and included most of the usual ammenities (no coffee maker). Hairdryer was not very powerful and there was no iron (but desk provided one upon request). Unfortunately, my room was next to the maid's closet, close to the elevator, and view was of a small airshaft (from which I could hear the people in the same room on other floors when my windows were open). I believe it was room # 12 (212, 312, etc). If you get this room I would suggest moving as it is very noisy. I am returning in April and the front desk suggested I book a room at the front of the building. I did not eat breakfast at the hotel, as the cost was 17 Euros ($25 US), which seemed quite overpriced, but there are several places nearby to get breakfast or coffee - Starbucks, Cafe Catalunya, etc. The bar at the hotel is quiet and relaxing. My coworkers and I found it a great place to relax and have a cocktail after returning from dinner most nights.The location is very convenient, as the subway has several stops within a few blocks, the tourbus stops at the end of the block on Placa de Catalunya and, of course, the infamous Las Ramblas. Las Ramblas is about as touristy as it gets (do NOT eat there), but I would highly recommend visiting the market. As I'm sure you have heard already, be very aware of pickpockets. One of my coworkers was targeted on the subway and almost had her camera stolen out of her purse which was inside her backpack!Restaurant recommendations: Me' (my absolute favorite), Siete Portes, Cuidad Condal, O' Beach (for the view and atmosphere - NOT the food), Terrabachus.In summary, Barcelona is a wonderful city and the Regina Hotel is in the heart of it all. For a hotel at this price you can't ask for more.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>NVLN
<Content>A little gem in a diamond city A truly memorable experience. Nothing whatsoever to fault. The room was modernistic but homely, clean and comfortable. The staff were exceptional. I contacted the hotel prior to arrival to advise that this was my husband's first trip to Barcelona (in fact to mainland Spain) and it was also his Birthday. They could not have been more obliging or more helpful. They provided their own touches to mark the celebration of his Birthday. They gave recommendations of where to go, advised of the easiest method to get from A to B and overall were quite the most outstanding staff I have EVER come across. The hotel itself could not be better situated for ease of access to tour Barcelona. Right by Las Ramblas but just off the main street so not too much noise. I shall definitely stay here again. A hotel truly fit for a Queen and very worthy of the name Hotel Regina!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suryemist
<Content>Excellent place to stay...... I booked a five day/4 night stay at the Regina in Barcelona for my husband and I through laterooms website.We had never been to Barcelona before and after reading the reviews on tripadvisor regarding the Hotel Regina, we thought it was as good a place to stay as any. I have literally just returned - my bags are not yet unpacked, but I wanted to write this review to let others know what I think of the hotel.The Hotel is EXCELLENT. The staff are friendly and service is EXCELLENT. The rooms are spacious and cleanliness is EXCELLENT. The location for shopping and restaurants and tourism in general is EXCELLENT.Needless to say when I go back to Barcelona which is a beautiful city, I will be staying once again at the Hotel Regina and would wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone going there.By the way - the airport bus stops approximately 300 yards away from the hotel and only takes 35 minutes - if you're not willing to fork out the 25-30 Euros for a taxi, the bus is actually less hassle than the train and costs just over 4 Euros each.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PARIS182
<Content>A Great Little Hotel I have been meaning to write this review for awhile and am just now getting around to it. I stayed at the Best Western Regina for two nights prior to a transatlantic cruise. It was my second choice and I have never been so pleased.  The hotel sits on a street not far from Las Ramblas in an old building that has been redecorated in modern European style. My room, while not large was attractively decorated and had french doors leading to a Juliet balcony overlooking the street. As far as I was concerned this was worth the cost of admission. The bed was comfortable and in a alcove and out of the way. There were great Bath amenities and the Bathroom was good sized and well appointed. I still don't get the glass half door thing on the tub, but there you go. There is a great bar although one night it was full of unpleasant americans (and I am an American) and a decent restaurant in the sister hotel next door. I had breakfast that came with the meal and the breakfast was excellent and the room attractive The location is great near the main plaza, Las Ramblas and El Corte Angles (great department store) is nearby. There is a tourist bus stop across the way. I found it conveniant to walk to many things. A few caveats (which would not keep me from going back) Several times early in the AM someone would rattle the room door And the staff while friendly and efficient was unable to cash a travellers cheque or convert currency which I found odd. That said this hotel was a find and cost about 140Euros which I felt was a deal  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>brd25
<Content>Perfection Stayed here for 4 nghts form 18th Feb 08 with our 2 teenage sons. We have stayed in many hotels around the world  have to say this is one of the best. Rooms were exceptional, clean comfortable with an abundence of toiletries  useful items (toothbrush, etc...) Great linens  towels. We arrived early (11.00)  reception staff were excellent, friendly  advised our room was ready for use. If only all hotels were so accomodating.....We used the hotels bar for food  drinks  the high levels of service were exceeded here by the bar staff who could not be more friendly. Food / drink was not expensive (significantly cheaper than the Ramblas). Position could not be better being minutes from the metro, tour buses  major tourist locations.Congratulations to all the team at the Regina Hotel, you stand head  shoulders above the major groups  i have already reccommended to friends  family..  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wcfluffy
<Content>Fantastic From the moment I walked into this hotel I experienced excellent service. The check in process was quick and friendly with plenty of staff behind the desk. The room was of a good size and had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. One small negative was the sink, which was located in the room rather than the bathroom. The TV didn鈥檛 work and when this was reported to the front desk it was remedied immediately. Drinks taken in the hotel bar are a pleasure, with friendly bar staff that can mix cocktails and long drinks with skill and a smile; nothing is too much for them. The hotel is located at the top of Las Ramblas and next to the main shopping district where all the top names have stores. I have stayed in some of the worlds top hotels and this will always sit in my top 5.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Perfectus
<Content>Very Happy with this Hotel ...       Regina by Night  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janjee
<Content>A great stay On a five-night stay in late January, we were spoiled for choice, with lots of bargains on Expedia. Wound up at the Regina based on comments here and on how responsive the management seemed to those comments. We asked at check-in for a quiet room, and two staff members studied the computer intently for five minutes before offering us two different choices. We ended up with No. 219, a huge room at the back of the house, away from the street. (Only downside: limited light/no view, of course, and near the maids' station and the inevitable morning bustle).Our room was readied while we waited in the bar (drinks on the house), though it was before 10 a.m. Everything in the room was of very high quality -- bedding, linens, toiletries, TV, terry robes. Beautiful parquet floors. No rug, which didn't bother us, and limited closet and drawer space -- more like open cubbyholes and closet rods. Location, as many have commented, was perfect. We didn't need much service, but what we needed was provided graciously. We'd stay here again in a minute.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Cheekylou
<Content>Loved the Hotel Regina! We had an excellent stay for a long weekend in Barcelona.Location: Very convenient for the major atrractions and the Bus Turistic which picks up from Placa del Cataluyna. Also in a lovely area to walk to local restaurants etc.Rooms: Clean, classy and well laid out, we were not bothered by the noise of other guests or outside. The only thing was the faint rumbling of the occasional underground train. There is also a free internet lounge.Staff: Excellent and only too happy to help, they went out of their way to help when my husband was ill. The also organised our departure.In summary, we highly recommend the Hotel Regina for your next stay in Barcelona!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Esteven
<Content>Excellent service in top location       room view 2  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andy-Nickname
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Staff- it is that good!!! We booked 4 nights at this hotel after a lot of searching. I was impressed by the fact that the manager took the time to read all reviews and respond. It shows someone w.ho really does care about the service the hotel is giving. I booked this break as a birthday treat for my wife.  We arrived very late at night after a cancelled flight with only 1 bag ( thanks BA!) , tired and stressed. We were greeted by the Manager who took details of our missing baggage report and said the hotel would look after the enquiries. When we got to our room on the 3rd floor we had our first pleasant surprise, it was immaculate, stylish and large Well stocked minibar-prices reasonable for a hotel. In room safe deposit. We had a room with shower only ,but it was big enough for a whole group to use. The bed was very comfortable, I don't think I slept in better. As a previous reviewer has stated, there were some really good toiletries- essential in our case as our luggage was still in England somewhere.  Then our next surprise, room service arrives with a complimentary bottle of Cava and cake to celebrate my wife's birthday. The look on my wife's face said it all. This turned around a nightmare day and set the tone for the rest of our stay. The staff were all very helpful and pleasant, particularly the lobby bar staff. As i said in the title this is an excellent hotel, with a great location, Excellent manager- one again a big thank you , and superb staff We have been to Barcelona before and will go again as we love the city. I know which hotel I'll be booking from now on.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gk
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Staff       View from balcony  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doirebhoy
<Content>Excellent Hotel Just returned from 3 night break at Regina Hotel, Barcelona.Overall the hotel was excellent. Room was spacious, immaculately clean. The noise from the corridor on each morning disrupted our plans for a sleep in. I also feel that it would have been brilliant to have tea/coffee making facilities in the room - for that early morning coffee.The staff were friendly and helpful - the Bar staff in particular were really nice guys. Bar prices also were on the high side, but I suppose you pay a bit more for 4* hotel bar.Overall impressions of Barcelona were disappointing - maybe we were expecting too much but........I would not wish to return to the city, but the hotel was excellent.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adztheangel
<Content>Amazing service, fantastic room, the best hotel I've stayed in! I wanted to visit Barcelona for my Birthday weekend and as such researched a whole range of different hotels in the city.I was very impressed when I saw on the tripadvisor that the Manager of 'Hotel Regina' personally answers every review, and from looking at the hotel website decided to get into contact.All my questions were answered quickly and efficiently, which left no doubt in my mind that I wanted to stay there. On arrival, everything that I had requested was in place and the room we had been given was truly excellent, with a balcony overlooking the square.The hotel itself is in a fantastic location, just a minutes walk from the top of La Ramblas and all it has to offer. Inside, the hotel feels very modern, with nice interior design and lightning, it's certainly impressive. But what really struck me was the service, nothing seemed like too much trouble, staff were always smiling and willing to help.Ontop of all this, on the morning we were set to leave (my Birthday), the staff sent a Birthday cake to our room - Such a touch of class and something that really made a great start of the day for me - Thank you so much to all involved!Next time I go to Barcelona I will definately be staying in the Hotel Regina, I have never before experienced such high quality service and surroundings.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>amnesia_man
<Content>Truly amazing hotel A*** I sourced this hotel through Trip Advisor. Having read all the great reviews, I proceeded to book a short city break to celebrate my wife's birthday. I emailed the manager direct and asked if he could accommodate my requests: quiet area, double bed with street views. He promptly replied and on arrival we found that he had far exceeded my requests. I wanted to thank Mr Sanchez, and his staff for their kind hospitality. We encountered absolutely no problems what so ever and certainly would recommend booking this fabulous hotel when visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>divasparkle
<Content>Absolutley fabulous hotel - wonderful stay I cannot reccommend this hotel highly enough. My 10yr old son and I stayed here over Christmas for a wonderful week and this was a real treat. The location is fantastic - incredibly central for walking, public transport, airport buses and the Bus Touristic (highly reccommend doing this) with hot and cold running taxis and lots of great food nearby esp on Rambla de Catalunya and Passeig de Gracia. But the rooms are really quiet - no street noise unless you open the balcony doors.There is a lovely smell when you come into the hotel and everyone on reception was welcoming, efficient, friendly and helpful. On Christmas Day we had an unprompted phone call from reception to say that they were there to help us with anything we needed. On our last day, they were happy to bring down and store our bags until we left for the airport at 4pm which was a great relief - nothing was too much effort.I had emailed the manager Mr Sanchez (who impresses me by replying to every review on tripadvisor) to ask if we could have a twin, non smoking and street view room on a higher floor and he accommodated us completely giving us a huge room on the 5th floor at the front of the hotel. The rooms are in the Minimalist style but luxurious, very comfortable and CLEAN! The beds are fantastic we had a twin room and the singles are huge and very comfortable! Gorgeous cotton sheets that seemed to be changed daily - not 100% on this but the pillow cases certainly were. Big fluffy towels changed daily if you wanted and a good selection of toiletries and things like razors, shower caps etc. Black out curtains under the main ones are a great idea, especially for those early summer sunrises. The huge telly was a bonus with BBC/CNN News, National Geographic and music channels as well as the rest. Took along a portable DVD player that can be run through a TV which came in very handy for playing the odd film. In our room, the sink was in the room which works well when two of you need to get ready. A little dissapointed with the tiny bathroom. In 502 there is a shower and a loo and whilst the shower is lovely and powerful the sealants are a little grubby. It looked like the chambermaids gave it a good clean but it needs something more drastic! Wouldn't have minded relaxing in a bubble filled bathtub after a day spent on the feet but then I did not specify a bath! And our room was huge. The safe was easy to use and a pefect size. A very welcome fruitbowl is a thoughtful touch.There is no noise between rooms but you can hear noise from the hallway. Perhaps the doors could be soundproofed during the next renovation...Because we were in Barcelona to sightsee, I didn't mind hearing the chambermaids in the morning as it got me up but I can see that this could be a problem if you wanted to lie in..Had breakfast in our room on Christmas day and wow - fresh, great selection of pastries and cheese and gorgeous coffee/juice and brought up with a cheerful smile and hola! When we got back early that evening, we had been left a gourmet foodie present and card!Didn't try the breakfast room as we were never really hungry in the morning having eaten so late the night before...The bar area is great - super service and a nice place to chill out. The internet had a fast connection - made a few restaurant bookings via toptable (reccommend doing so for 7 Portes) and also checked in and printed off our boarding cards the night before we left. Can see where this would get busy when the hotel is full...(Oh by the way Mr Sanchez, the printers need ink as they are running low..)We got a little lost getting off the airport bus when we arrived (in the rain and in the dark - not my best thing) and would like to mention that the hotel is located on a street (Bergara) off the Placa Catalunya, opposite to the El Corte Ingles side (which is where the airport bus stop is) in what is known as the Triangle which houses FNAC (our point of reference from then on) and Habitat.All in all - so very impressed with this hotel - would reccommend it highly and will definitely return here (for a long weekend next time!) Mr Sanchez - compliments and congratulations to you and your staff - I can see that you all work very hard to make the hotel what it is today.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anon98
<Content>Loved it Just back from a superb stay at the Hotel Regina. The hotel could not be any more central or better located than it is from both La Ramblas and the shopping. The hotel is beautiful, and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Rooms great, slightly small but perfect for what we needed. Cleaned everyday and central heating was great. Have been recommending the hotel already! Still cannot believe the price we paid for the location and the quality. Overall had an excellent stay and will definately be back.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deniserod
<Content>Congrats to the Best Western Hotel Regina!!! IJust arrived from my stay @ the Best Western Hotel Regina in Barcelona and have to say it's one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. Since I had never been to Barcelona, I researched lots of hotels, but was amazed that the manager of the hotel actually reads and answers every review posted here. I wrote to him directly for help and he couldn't be more helpful. I went ahead with my booking.When we arrived, he actually came to welcome us. The very friendly staff in front desk gave us suggestions on tours and restaurants for our conveniences, and even gave us a complimentary bottle of wine. Everytime I need something (ice, taxi, reservations, etc), they were really fast and friendly. My flight was very late on the last day and they gave me a late checkout of 6pm, the first hotel ever to do this, and reserved my bags until we left.Other than these, the hotel is very modern, with good amenities and most of all, AN EXCELLENT LOCATION. I would DEFINITELY stay there again and will recommend it to everybody I know. Jose M. S谩nchez, you really make a difference at this hotel and encourage to keep up the superb service!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AmFl
<Content>Great hotel We wound up here after picking a bad hotel and having to change. Could not have made a better choice!1. Location - We did not want to be on a noisy street, but wanted to be near shops, etc. This hotel is in a perfect location - it is at the north end of the Ramblas, but on a one-way side street. We had a room overlooking the street (with doors that opened onto a balcony) and never had any trouble with noise. 2. The room - Comfortable and super clean. Bathroom was modern and had big, fluffy, over-sized towels. A/C worked well and the TV had more than one station in English! Hurrah! It was still all news, but at least we didn't have to watch only Sky News all day. Lots of closet and hanging space, mini-bar and safe.3. Internet - Might not be a big deal to everyone, but to us this was important. WiFi worked perfectly and was free. Also, there is a business center in the lobby - if I remember correctly there were 3 computers, each with printers - also free.4. Staff - Very nice and helpful. Our phone wasn't working (we never would have know this since we didn't use it) but on our last night we asked for a wake-up call at 4:15am in order to leave for the airport at 5am. They actually came up to the room and knocked on the door to make sure we were up since the phone wouldnt work!There is also a nice bar in the lobby - we did not have a chance to check it out though.All in all, we had a great stay here and would go back!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jade97
<Content>Excellent hotel and good hotel, could use some improvements       lobby reception desk  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	1	

<Author>francesca-b
<Content>Location..location...location.. Just returned this evening after an excellent four night's stay at the Regina.Location - couldn't be better, just off the Placa de Catalunya, within easy reach of most sights and seconds away from the Metro.Hotel - very chic, tastefully decorated with clean, minimalist lines but with plenty of warmth. Bar/lounge area particularly attractive: wonderful sitting here in the evening, our son immediately makin use of the free internet service whilst we were able to have a nightcap!Room - we had a family room (519) which was very spacious with an alcove off which had two extra beds. Loved the huge beds, quality bed linen and excellent lighting. Agree with other reviewer, although no noise between rooms, the banging doors and noise from other people in the corridors was rather irritating. Service - very helpful, friendly staff. The reception staff always willing to help, the bar staff made gorgeous Irish Coffees and the breakfast staff kept their buffet well-stocked whilst their customers were well looked after. (Continental breakfast was probably the best I have come across; the pastries were delicious!)Overall a well-managed, friendly, classy hotel.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>annemark
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at Hotel Regina for 5 nights and had a great experience there. We had prior contact with the manager to ensure we got a good room and he was very helpful and responsive to this request. We were very satisfied with the room and it was of good size and had all the amenities one would want. It was near the cleaning cupboard though and one suggestion is that maybe the cleaners could start later than 8am as it does wake guests up to hear them out in the corridor. The location of the hotel was great and it was accessible to the buses and all the main districts. Internet access was good but slowed right down toward the end of our stay and I think the hotel had technical problems with the internet connection. Overall though I would highly recommend this hotel and its location in Barcelona. It was clean, efficient, well run and well managed.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Orbit0353
<Content>Great deal at central location, but soundproffing could be better We stayed two nights in a family quadruple room. We arrived early (1 pm), but the front desk was able to take care of our bags while we returned the rental car and had a caf茅 break. When we came back round 2:30 pm, the room was ready, and the bags were already in the room. Checkout was accordingly efficient and accurate, including a reserved taxi to take us to the airport.The hotel is quite recently renovated, although by lining the old rooms with new flooring, furniture etc. Unfortunately, the windows and doors have not been replaced (see below)Positive notes:* Large  spacious room, modern, with comfortable beds. Main beds were ca 100 cm wide each, the additional beds slightly narrower.* Non-smoking floors* Bathroom with tub (with shower), all surfaces in stone and glass, implying clean and maintainable conditions.* Exceptional breakfast. One of the best buffets I鈥檝e had in southern Europe. Definitively a bargain the additional 鈧?0 per person.* Complimentary bottle of wine upon arrival (I think, the attached card was not explicit on that). No wine opener though, but since my wife do not care much for red wine anyhow, I did not ask for one.Some issues, although minor:* The windows and doors are rather old, with no soundproofing at all. We were woken up both nights by neighboring guests knocking on their own doors to get in. They were not making much noise, but it definitively sounded like they where knocking on our door. Everything said in the hallway is clearly audible in the room, and vice versa. No sound leakage between rooms though. We had a room at the end of the corridor, so not much of an issue for us, but I fear that rooms closer to the elevators might be severely impacted.* Internet connection is provided for free behind the bar at the ground floor. But the line speed was horribly slow. I measured less than 10 kbit/s. Even browsing from my cell phone was much quicker.* The bathroom door is tiny, around 180x50 cm. Like my son said: 鈥淓veryone would not be able to get in here鈥︹€?.鈥?br/>* The bathroom is too small to hold the sink, placing it in-room instead. This would work out fine; if it was not for that the sink in our room was mounted incorrectly, with the drain tube going _upwards_ from below the sink and into the main soil. The result was half an hour of water dripping back into the water trap after each usage, a bit annoying at night. The quick fix was to plug the drain with a towel to muffle the sound. This was probably a specific problem for the room we had (#419). I forgot to mention this at checkout, but management is apparently monitoring this board, and can take corrective action. This would require a plumber, something that anyhow could not have been fixed during our weekend stay.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>xmun
<Content>Fantastic My family (2 Adults + 2 Children) together with another family (2 Adults + 3 Children) stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. We booked via the hotel's web site. Having given them instructions regarding our rooms, we got what we asked for - lovely rooms, quiet and spacious. Location is perfect - 2 mins away from the Rambla. Staff were very helpful and English speaking. Recommend to anyone  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vivera
<Content>Great Location We had a triple room for three women and it was a fine spacious room. Staff were really nice and so helpful. Breakfast was excellent. The first morning we asked one of the waitresses for 'boiling water' to make tea which she got for us with a smile. On the second morning she arrived with the water unprompted! The location is just perfect for sightseeing and shopping. We asked the hotel to recommend a restaurant to us for our first night and again they were spot on. (The name of the restaurant was 'La Gavina' down by the port). We will definitely go back to Barcelona and will stay in the Regina again  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>drebobloblaw
<Content>outstanding management! Fanatastic hotel...nice rooms, very clean, excellent service - Patricia gave us unprompted detailed instructions on sites to see, maps, metro etc at check in, free internet, ideal location.However, the thing that really makes this hotel is truly the best manger that I have encountered on my travels. Mr. Jose M陋 Sanchez-Harguindey was absolutley wonderful. Arranged a wonderful room for my new wife and I, was very accomodating when our flight was delayed a full day and worked with expedia to refund my missed night, very personal touch - phone call as soon as arrived to ensure everything was ok, bottle of champagne etc etc. Truly a wonderful experience. A very big thank you to Jose.Highly recommend this hotel and will definately stay again on our next visit to Barcelona.Clint, Canada  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JetTravel
<Content>I Recommend I stayed at this hotel September 2007, and had a good experience. I spend 20 nights a year in Europe, and the main reason I always stay at Best Western Hotels is that the air conditioners always work. Locally owned hotels in Europe often have their a/c turned off, or turned very low from the office, and you can not open the windows in the cities because of the noise, and the rooms are too hot to sleep.The room was plenty big by Europe standards, the a/c worked extremely well, the location was incredible, less than a block from Las Ramblas. The lobby was maybe the most happening lobby I have ever seen in a hotel. Every evening many people were in the lobby for cocktail hour, and there was a lively party with strangers. There were three computers for guests in an alcove of the lobby.The only drawback was that the staff when we arrived said they could not speak English, so they could not help with instructions or sightseeing. When I had any questions on sightseeing I walked to the computers in the lobby and went on tripadvisor.In summary, if I am in Barcelona again I will definitely stay there, and will highly recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carol23
<Content>A Bit Dissapointed I recently stayed in the Hotel Regina for five nights. Overall the hotel is nice and is in a good location, its near the main area but still quiet. Unfortunately though we did not get a great room. I was quite disspaointed by the size of it, it was quite small. I will say though that it was very clean and nice small little extra's like supplying razor's and cotton buds etc. The main two issues we had with the room was that no natural light got into the room. There was only one small window that opened out into a shaft so we had to look up about 20 ft to the top of the shaft to see what kind of day it was. The other bad thing about our room was it was next to the cleaning closet, so every morning at 8 you would hear the cleaning ladies talking and getting all their stuff out, this was very annoying. I must admit that we never asked to be moved so we cant say that they would not have helped and i had seen other rooms in the hotel and they were quite big so i think we just got unlucky. Fiona Coakley,Ireland  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>cvu1
<Content>Loved the Regina Perfect and great location. Lovely clean and comfortable room - the softest cotton sheets I have ever experienced! Fabulous breakfast - choice unlimited... Great cocktails and helpful staff. Stayed for 3 nights and would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>garethdenny
<Content>Watch out - Ended up paying twice. Multitude of problems.1 - Lost the booking (despite already paying weeks in advance by credit card). Then claimed it had been cancelled (writing cancelled in biro across a booking sheet?). Forced to pay TWICE for a room, at higher rates. 2 - Tiny rooms. Our first one had no natural light. Do you want to stay in a boxroom? no we didn't either.3 - Generally unhelpful staff.Some positives:1 - Good location (but i'd recommed any of the neighbouring hotels).2 - Free internet access from hotel computers was a bonus.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	4	

<Author>Uaxi
<Content>Loved Barcelona and Regina hotel We stayed at the Hotel Regina, room 520, 5 nights, from 29 August to 3 September.The hotel was just perfect. It was modern, clean and very well located. The price was fair enough. The room was very comfortable (especially the beds), spacious and silent. A suggestion: For hygienic reasons, the bathrooms should be provided with little bags for menstrual period.The breakfast was very good, although the bread was tough and a little stale.The staff was, in general, nice and friendly, but I think they should have a better knowledge about restaurants (spanish, italien, 鈥?) in order to give hotel guests good suggestions. This is very important, because no one better than a local to know where we can eat a nice food. The suggestions about restaurants that we find in touristic guides are almost never really good options.We would highly recommend this hotel and we hope to stay there again in a next return to this amazing city.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>kathih
<Content>Great Hotel- Nice Location Nice, clean, well appointed hotel. Staff very helpful and friendly. Room very comfortable and spacious. Complimentary breakfast very nice. Good selection. Location very central to Las Ramblas. Would highly recommend hotel.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pobs75
<Content>Great situation, with modern design and comfort This four-star hotel (out of five in Spain) is definitely a must in terms of geographical situation : located in the center of the city, between the beginning of the Ramblas and the Passeig de Gracia, and nearby all the most interesting places for shopping (El Corte Ingl茅s is close). The design of the lobby and of the rooms is up-to-date, and the level of comfort offered by the rooms is excellent (especially the beds). Although located in the center of a crowded city, the rooms are completely silent (our room was on the street-side).Just a point which could be better : the staff was not as pleasant and available as one may expect in this kind of luxury hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	2	5	

<Author>Easilyburnt
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Hotel Regina in May 2007 for 4 nights and the hotel was just perfect. It was very modern, clean and very relaxing.The rooms were fantastic and the breakfast was the best selection I have seen.The location was also ideal.Overall a fantastic stay in the hotel Regina.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>janwob
<Content>Very nice hotel This is a modern and stylish hotel in a great location in central Barcelona. The rooms are a generous size and decor leans toward minimalist and modern clean lines. The rooms are quite reasonably priced considering the surroundings, although drinks in the bar are very expensive by local standards. I'd stay here again happily.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>PB2006
<Content>Class in Barcelona Just returned from a 5 night stay with my family in the Hotel Regina. 16 to 21 June. What a great hotel. We stayed in room 419 which was a spacious room with 4 beds. Lovely fluffy towels and dressing gowns and slippers and excellent choice of soapies. Found staff to be very helpful especially at the reception. Brilliant location just yards from Placa Cataluna and Las Ramblas yet set on a reasonably quiet street. Just 2 things that I think needs attention. Bathroom in 419 did have a slight drain smell, which another reviewer commented on. Also it was difficult at times to get access to the free internet service. There are 2 computers for this, but some people were on them for long periods of time. Perhaps a time limit for each user should be used.But overall a great hotel, and we hope to return soon.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>buffybye
<Content>Allround excellent hotel My Husband and I have just returned from a fabulous weekend in Barcelona, made even better by our choice of this hotel.The Regina is a 4* Hotel and in my opinion it really does deserve its rating. It is a smallish hotel, with nice quality, contemporary fittings. It is stylish, comfortable, well presented and clean.The reception rooms are quite small by some standards but they were more than adequate for the number of guests during our stay. The bedrooms are a decent size, with good facilities, all of which were working.Any 'problems' other reviewers have mentioned such as broken lifts and renovations seem to have been resolved and we had a most peaceful, calm stay.We found all of the staff, whether on reception, in the bar or in the breakfast room to be extremely friendly, efficient and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. We particluarly adored the barman who was really lovely and kept us plied with an assortment of cocktails! Do try the Cava, Gran Marnier  brandy cocktail. It's fab.Meals and drinks were delivered quickly and were excellent value for a city centre hotel. Breakfast was very good and there was a vast assortment of fruit, cereals, cold meats and pastries - No, its not English but then Barcelona isn't in England!The central location mean that many of the cities attractions are within walking distance (if you like walking!), yet the hotel is just off the beaten track and so doesn't suffer from the same level of noise as the hotels on Ramblas.I cant fault this hotel for all round comfort, service and value for money. It does what it says on the can!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>S枚ren
<Content>Hotel was OK, location better Stayed here with my family (4) for three nights in April 2007. I booked the family suite on the BW website. Requested upper floor which we got. The kids (10,  14) got two beds by the window which was quite OK. The size of the room was good, the sink was outside of the toilet, which was actually good since the smell in the bathroom was pretty bad. One of the elevators was not working when we arrived. Breakfast was included, and was served in a quite small breakfast room, but breakfast was served until noon, which was a plus. The airconditioning was not on, so it got pretty warm in the room, and when opening the windows the traffic was pretty noisy. The lobby bar was good with reasonable pricing. The best about this hotel is the location with only minutes to la Rambla.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>travellerld
<Content>comfortable stay, great location!!! We have just returned from Barcelona. My father had booked the hotel for us, he had been there before and praised it. Fantastic location near to the tour buses,ramblas,metro and walking distance to other attractions.The hotel is very modern. The room we stayed in was very small but was clean and still comfortable for the time we were there.Breakfast is lovely, a big selection for all and they serve until 12 everyday!!!My only complaint was the noise!! Doors banging all the time, people (most of the time it was staff) shouting, hoovering at 8.30 in the morning. If you fancy a lie in it isnt going to happen!I think we may have been a bit unlucky, I spoke to someone who was also staying at the hotel but was a few floors up and he had said it was quiet!!! Just my luck I suppose!!!I would recommend this hotel to anyone including familes and couples of all ages.Loved Barcelona  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>bevoirbelle
<Content>Great Location What a great hotel. Spent four nights here recently. We asked for a triple room and the one that we got was great. It was really large and had plenty of room for three adults. The only fault that I have is that the sink was outside the bathroom!The location was fantastic, just round the corner from Placa de Catalunya and most things were within walking distance. It wasn't too noisy either. The buffet breakfast was one of the best ones that I have seen.Would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>parkash
<Content>dingy in the lower levels found the lower , ie ground and basement levels, to be dingy, dark and unwelcoming. Minibar was missing!, beds kept moving apart. No view at all from the window because they had allowed a huge billboard company to erect it just outside our window. Decor was tired in our room. Couldnt sleep on the fourth night at all due to doors banging and some noisy drunk people. We tried to call reception, ut no answer. Staff left us completely alone, we could have been invisible. I imagine the upper levels to be better. Wouldnt come back here again, not at those prices. Ive stayed in more luxurious backpacker hostels.The only plus point is the location, which is perfect. My advice is make sure you insist on a room on the upper floors.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Solange72
<Content>This is not your mom's best western       Steps away from Las Ramblas  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PoorCustomer Relations Upon arrival I was informed by the front desk clerk that two online reservations had been made, less than one minute apart. I received only one confirmation. Although we stayed at the hotel as we intended, they chose to charge $340.00 cancellation fee in addition to the applicable charges. I found this to be extremely unreasonable, but got no satisfactory resolution. Best Western refused to be involved at all, even though it was through their website that the reservation was made.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay but had many issues My wife and I booked at BEst Western REgina and we spent 5 nights there and then we moved to Hilton at Diagonal.There was a big difference in the staff friendliness. First of all, the porter did not help. No one helped/cared about getting out luggage to the room.The receptionist was as careless as can be and hardly gave away a smile.When we checked out, they did not even smile!You could hear toilets flushing from the room. You could also hear the music from Place Catalunya. When we were checking out, we had my wife's laptop with the rest of the luggage and it was stolen from inside the hotel!!! There was no security/doorman. Anyone could walk into the hotel and up to the elevator.When we told the reception about the stolen laptop, he did not care!We are so disappointed by such an attitude. Hilton Diagonal is much better and provides rates almost similar. Of course, it is a bit away from the tourist area but the service is worth it!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lagrev
<Content>Full marks on everything We stayed in this hotel for a week and would return next week if we could. It is located just off the square at the head of the Ramblas. Although it is city centre the double glazing makes it sound proof. The staff are the most friendly you could meet, gracious, and very helpful reception, bar, breakfast room, chambermaids. Some of the rooms are a little bit small but when we requested a change we were accommodated with no difficulty to an excellent room. Our friends got 317 and we were really jealous - it really is a suite. The breakfast runs from 7 -12 and given the range of choices it would take you that length of time to sample everything scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, cheese, croissants, several types of cereal, fruit, cold water, fizzy wine, toast, mini pizza, salami, yogurt, and more. A pleasant surprise is that the hotel offers free access to a fitness suite complete with swimming pool just five minutes away. The hotel has free internet access and morning newspapers. The price was very reasonable given the location and the comfort. A real jewel and definitely worth a stay. Since New Orleans is temporarily out of order the hotel Regina in Barcelona will be our favourite place for a time together.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>1	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room and location This hotel seemed to be a very good value. We had a very large room over looking the street for about 100 euro. The room was extermely clean and quiet and the staff was very courteous. The hotel is in a great location just off Catalunya Plaza and a Starbucks is right around the corner. The hotel next door has a nice bar and was serving sushi, which provided a nice break from stale bread ham sandwiches and cuddle fish.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BarbaraMiami
<Content>Great Experience We stayed at this hotel last June in a Junior Suite, my husband, two teenage kids and I. It was a great experience. Room was very clean and nicely decorated. Air conditioning could had been colder but you are talking Europe. Breakfast which is included was superb. We found the staff extremely friendly (perhaps because we spoke Spanish) but they always tried to go out of their way to help us. Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab location, Great rooms. The location of this hotel is fantastic being right at the beginning of Las Rambla and close to where everything is going on without being at all noisy. All rooms have fully double glazed windows and are of ample size.We stayed in a four bed suite as there were three of us (all girls) and there was more than enough room for us all to get ready and potter around as girls do!. For 3 girls about town we never once felt unsafe or threatened in anyway as everyone including hotel staff we were friendly and very helpful with directions etc.Right next door to this hotel is the Hotel Pulitzer. Their bar area is ideal for pre dinner drinks and a very contemporary atmosphere makes it perfect for relaxing too.The hotel Regina was undergoing some alterations to its breakfast room which resulted in a 10-15 min wait for a table for breakfast on the two morning we were there. Breakfast was nothing to write home about catering mostly for it European guests with cold meat platters and pastries - no sign of English breakfast type food or a good cup of tea!!!.All in all I would highly recommend this hotel for those wishing to be in the heart of the city and in the vacinity of amenities such as restaurants and bars and the tourist bus stops and guides.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>phil5
<Content>good points,bad point This hotel which belongs to a little european group has very good points : perfect location, central and convenient for metro, buses,aerobus...and in a rather quiet and safe area rooms have been renewed and are clean and nicely decorated breakfast is well over average compared to an included one in europe, large variety (if you are open to local products)and very good quality . unfortunately there is one big problem :the rooms are absolutely not soundproof.  the front desk people are not very friendly (as many hotels worldwide) for the price we've paid (100 鈧? this hotel is not a bad choice but we probably try another one next time. I confirm that this hotel is officially a 4 stars and not a 3 as it appeared sometimes (like on this website)  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nadkusam
<Content>Average Hotel in a Brilliant Location My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Regina for 4 nights over Xmas and found it to be an excellent hotel in terms of location. It was a good base to start our busy sightseeing schedule being within easy access to the Bus Turistic, the Metro and the Aerobus (we used the latter to and from the airport).The room we had (508) had a balcony but was far from soundproof as we woken up by our neighbours singing in the shower each morning. The breakfast was very generous albeit monotonous. The staff were friendly with a few exceptions who found it difficult to smile. You could also feel the rumble of the Metro underground although this wasn't such a big deal. The rooms were on the small side but sufficient and the decor more on the modest side. All in all it's an average hotel with its key advantages being the complimentary breakfast, excellent location and the convenience of dealing with a familiar hotel group (ie Best Western). The latter was an advantage when I was chasing up some anomalies in my credit card charges - I got excellent feedback from the Best Western Customer Care team.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good deal for 90 Euros We stayed at the Best western Regina for 4 nights during Christmas. We booked it for 90 Euros which we felt was a good deal for the location (and our budget). The location is excellent. The room was very clean, but on the small size. The staff was very friendly and even recommended some nice restaurants to eat in, which we did. Buffet breakfast was included. It was great the first few mornings, but after a while we got sick of the same things(eggs, ham, pastries) however it was all very fresh and good quality. The rooms are not soundproof and we could hear the people in the next room showering and that sounded like the street cleaners were out! We thought we could also hear pigeons(we were on the top floor) and the room had a balcony. Our room -509, did have a good view.There was access to a complimentary gym, which was good and about 5 blocks away. Would have liked to have one onsite though. The wireless internet was not working very well in room, so we went downstairs where it worked perfectly. The last night we were there I ordered a glass of milk and it cost 2 euros 50! Highway robbery -a Heineken was only 3 Euros!!!We had to extend out stay by two nights, and the price went up by 60 Euros. They would not let us keep the room for 90 Euros, so we decided to go next door to the Hotel Pulitzer, which was only 140 including breakfast. It was a more modern hotel with larger room, very chic and clean looking. Check our review.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>martell
<Content>poor customer service My husband and I have just returned from a great weekend in Barcelona and stayed at this hotel.I would not return to this hotel. The reception staff were bad mannered and rude and would benefit from some customer service training.The room was ok however the shower cubicle had not been cleaned properly. The walls were very thin and you could practically hear everything going on in all the surrounding rooms.The only positive thing I can say about the hotel is good location/breakfast, which is why I have given it a two rating and not a one.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Hotel We stayed at the Best Western Regina at the beginning of November 2005 and found it to be a perfect hotel. The room for 3 people was large and each person had a twin bed (no rollaway or sofabed). The decor is very pleasant and modern and the room was cleaned daily. The location of the sink, separate from the bathroom, made it easy for 3 people to get dressed in a timely manner. The breakfast was large including meats, cheeses, bread, sweet rolls, yogurt, fruit, eggs, coffee, bottled water, and cereals. The location is within 1 block of the Placa Catalunya. The Aerobus from the airport drops off at the Placa Catalunya making this hotel an ideal place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelona: A Must! I visited Barcelona for the first time last month - stayed 1 week - what a city: it has the best of both worlds - shopping  beach life; fantastic! There are'nt many places around the world that has that! Sept I would say is the best time of the year to go there also!We stayed at the Best Western Regina Hotel - brillant location (near everything yet nice  quite!) - lovely hotel - fab breakfast - would highly recommend it! But if I was returning to Barcelona I'd prefer to stay down nearer the beach as it is quite a trek down (but strangely enough I did'nt come across many hotels down there; apart from the Hilton which I thought was awful looking for a 5star plus hotel - I think Barcelona is advertised as a City Holiday rather than a Beach Holiday which is a shame really - but all in all Barcelona is fab and the Best Western is the only place to stay when visiting there!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rotterdam
<Content>family room at the Regina We, family of four with two children, stayed ath the Hotel Regina for four nights last week. The family room had four beds so it could sleep four persons (two beds were rather small but sufficient for children). The room was not sound proof, you could hear the people next door and upstairs. As we were awakened by noise (from other rooms/hallways) for several nights we cannot give the hotel a higher score. The location of the hotel was its main asset, right next to placa Catalunia and the Ramblas. All the main attractions in the Barri Gotic could be reached by foot. We had a public transport pass for two days, it is very easy to us the public transportation in Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AB678
<Content>Great hotel, brilliant location Having been disappointed that our orginial choice of hotel was fully booked we managed to find a room at the Regina. What good fortune ! You only have to step off the airport bus and walk across the from the Placa de Catalunya and you are there, with Las Ramblas close by. We stayed for 3 nights and found the location excellent, the room clean and stylish ( we were grateful for the air conditioning), and the breakfast more than adequate.We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and would return in the future.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Service I left my diary and personal notes at the hotel and didnt realize I had forgotten thse until I had arrived in the US (about a week later).They had everything returned to me intact.Absolutely incredible -- they could very well just have thrown thoseuseless peices of paper.But somehow the staff have been trained to be sensitive totravellers' needs. (Travellers often leave their personal belongings carelessly).  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelbug84
<Content>Excellent hotel I visited here with three of my girl friends for 4 nights in June, and everything I have to say about it is good! The staff were extremely helpful by providing a secure room for our luggage after we had checked out, directing us to the nearest bank to exchange travellers cheques, and booking taxis etc.The room itself was lovely, ours was situated on the front of the building with a private (but small!) balcony, overlooking the main street and Placa Catalunya at the end. The decor was modern with plain white walls, brown wooden floors and brown leather armchairs. The bathroom was spotless and modern. The location of the hotel was excellent, it was very close to Placa Catalunya, without the noise associated with such a busy square. This allowed us to use the metro, buses and tourist buses very easily. The breakfast had a lot to choose from, fresh pastries, fresh fruit, cereals along with continental breakfasts such as cheeses and meats. Definitely worth the money!As for the city, Barcelona is beautiful, and there is so much to see - I didn't get to see everything I wanted to, so I'll just have to go back! I wouldn't recommend the tourist bus in the height of summer, as we often found it was a scramble for the top deck when it was sunny, and the metro is a lot easier and cheaper to use (4.80 euros for a day pass compared with 21 euros for two day tourist bus pass).  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gottagotoitaly
<Content>Great location, clean and comfortable Great location, at the top of the Ramblas. Very clean, nicely furnished designed with wooden floors, and friendly staff. My son was ill - they were really helpful, all that you could wish for in that sort of situation. Breakfast was good too. Recommended.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sparkly*Euro*Peep
<Content>Great Location, Good Base, Not Luxury This hotel has an excellent location just at the top of Las Ramblas off the Plaixa de Catalunya. The rooms are comfortable - some are a bit odd with the sink outside the bathroom in the room itself, so if you don't want this, be sure to book another room. You don't tend to spend too uch time in this hotel but if you do, it has a pleasant seating area/lounge downstairs but it's not really one to hang out in. The beds are comfortable, rooms clean, there is only one lift so it can be a bit tedious waiting so make sure you've been working out your legs!! I would recommend this hotel for a group of people who are just looking for a bse to sleep and get ready in and not really to hang out in the hotel. It's pricey for what it actually is so if you step up a few more Euros, you may get a better hotel in terms of luxury.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>philly
<Content>great location just returne from 3 days at hotel end of MArch 2005. The staff was helpful and the htoel was great. Near the center of everything. The room was very big we were three people and the hotel was clean. the breakfast was good wiith a nice selection. The was a hotel bar that was open till about 11 every night. Iw ould definetly recommend this hotel. The beds were very comfortable and we even had a little balcony. I would recommend the restaurants we ate at. AGUA near the water as well as ATTIC on ramblas as well as the other restaurants owned by hte compmany of ATTIC.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was a very nice hotel in a great location My wife and I stayed for two nights (9th and 10th of March 2005) and we enjoyed the whole experience. It's location was right in the heart of the city; being only a few yards from the Plaza de Catalunya which is one of the main transport terminals (bus stops and metro station). The hotel itself was very clean and the continental breakfast was excellent, also the staff were very efficient, friendly and helpful. Going on our own experiences of our two night stay, we feel, that anyone thinking of staying there will be equally impressed and we were sorry that our stay wasn't for a longer period.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CARMENS
<Content>Great family hotel too! We stayed here for 4 nights in october 2004 with our grown sons. The room was very large, and the bathroom VERY nice. Hotel was very clean and front desk wonderful. Breakfast buffet was nice and location was perfect. Try it you'll like it! Definitely recommend and will stay here again. In Europe Best Westerns are not like they are in the states, they are better! As a former travel agent, I would say book it with ease. One tip-my price went down prior to stay so I called BW and they honored the lower price. Always worth a check before you leave home! Enjoy  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janetk
<Content>Excellent I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and had a very enjoyable stay. The bedroom and bathroom were both very modern and spotlessly clean. I had a room at the front of the hotel, and I am a light sleeper, but I was not troubled with any street noise- and this was at a time when the city had been taken over by Celtic supporters! The location is excellant very handy for everything. I would recommend staying here and would stay here again myself.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Helpful Staff Just back from two separate 1-night stays at the Best Western Hotel Regina in Barcelona...and was very pleased with both rooms. Loved the efficient modern decor, loved the location, and appreciated the front desk staff's helpfulness (in English!) They were even able to accomodate my early a.m. arrival.Would definitely stay there again, and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CGRQuincy_MA
<Content>Great spot   showReview(2324647, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>armryan
<Content>Great location/Thin walls   showReview(2207642, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CodgerChris
<Content>Recent Visit - March 2004   showReview(1742165, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Service and Location.   showReview(1651905, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel....great location   showReview(1613223, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>choogirl
<Content>Brilliant stay here   showReview(1564311, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location / nice staff   showReview(1341773, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>notebene
<Content>Great location   showReview(1282466, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so great   showReview(1273140, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel   showReview(852709, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ettouato
<Content>Pas 脿 la hauteur de 4 茅toiles !   showReview(21561957, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>anneBsAs
<Content>bueno y habitaciones modernas   showReview(20637028, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ariaintl
<Content>Schreckliches Zimmer   showReview(20335180, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon s茅jour   showReview(20549928, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel h么tel!   showReview(19640670, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres tr猫s bien   showReview(18536566, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅al   showReview(18536567, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout 茅tait parfait!   showReview(18536565, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zentral zu empfehlen   showReview(17437863, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La ubicacion es excelente y el...   showReview(17571395, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅, nous y retournerons encore   showReview(16599245, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL DE LUXE   showReview(16599243, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>superbe h么tel   showReview(16599244, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(15561857, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sotto le aspettative per essere un quattro stelle   showReview(13979207, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>a conseiller   showReview(13979206, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fredln
<Content>tres bien plac茅 pour une 1ere fois a barcelone   showReview(13448226, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bien situ茅, 脿 conseiller   showReview(13200172, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(13200173, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alessandro-santini
<Content>Un s茅jour d茅couverte qui se transforme en un parcours du combattant...       H么tel R茅gina - Vue terrasse  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	4	-1	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder, aber anderes Zimmer   showReview(11307964, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(11663410, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>valery_75
<Content>Molto bello   showReview(8054742, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Verdient die 4 Sterne auf keinen Fall   showReview(11409992, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ne vaut pas ses quatres 茅toiles...   showReview(11409991, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien plac茅 mais tres bruyant   showReview(11371821, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Menorca2006
<Content>Buen hotel.   showReview(5540300, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氳嚦渚裤仹閮ㄥ眿銈傘伨銇氥伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19156339, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銉愩偣銇仠杌婂牬銇с亗...   showReview(19924096, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

