<Author>javagirl8
<Content>Dirty Room and Bad Customer Service Not a clean place stay!!!My husband and I chose this hotel because it was close to the airport.We arrived late. First we noticed that the room was not vacuumed. Under the bed was filthy. We lifted the bedskirt and could not believe the things we saw left by previous guests. All I wanted to do was get out of there the next day as soon as possible.Then the shower curtain was just hanging from the rod.The ice machine was out of order on our floor.There was enough towels for one person.When we asked the desk clerk about it she just acted like she did not care. She was alone at the desk and could not leave herself.She was not helpful. The next morning we mentioned it again and I believe the Asst.Manager was working the desk and she defended everything we told her.She just wanted to check us out and get us out of there.Fine with us because from now on I want to see the room before we check in.I suggest everyone do that with these hotel chains.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>l12252
<Content>maids keeping jacket I stayed October 5, 2008. When I left the next morning at 7:15 I went across the street and checked into the DoubleTree for a conference. My room was ready at the DoubleTree so I was able to unpack my things before the conference. I noticed than that my green jacket to match my pants wasn't there. I called the La Quinta and the front desk said housekeeping wasn't in yet please call at 10:00. At that time I told the front desk that my jacket was in the closet, please hold it for me. I called back at 11:30 and the front desk said housekeeping doesn't bring lost and founds until the end of the day. I called back at the end of the day and got the same run-a-round. Called the next day and same run-a-round. I'm very disappointed in the cleaning staff they have at the property. It's not a place I would want to leave anything in my room because most likely the maids will come in and have sticky fingers.linda  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trip89
<Content>OK at best OK - had a drippy shower - it is also dated, a little run down and drab. Fine if you don't have to spend very much time here.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	3	

<Author>suecag
<Content>Never again This hotel was booked for a business trip. I stayed here on two separate nights (before and after my drive to central WA). I stayed in the King rooms 603 and 401. The staff SLAMs doors constantly in the morning. It is extremely loud and irritating. The room doors themselves don't close properly. The TV reception is horrible, all snow and buzzing. The shower slows to a trickle intermittently - maybe when someone else is showering at the same time? The hot and cold water is reversed in both the sink and the tub. The sink doesn't drain. The ice machine was broken. There is no WIFI as expected but there is plug in Internet. Check-in took a long time. There is no microwave or fridge or any other extra ammenity like that in the King rooms. The location is convenient to the airport and rental car lots. I rented a car so I can't comment on the shuttle service, sign says it is every 30 minutes. On the positive side, the furniture in both rooms was nice and the rooms seem clean. The bedding was skimpy. I believe that there is better out there. There are numerous hotels in the area. I won't be coming back to this one nor will anyone from my company.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	2	

<Author>Jean_Valjean
<Content>Just right We stayed at this property on Friday September 5th and again on Friday September 12th, 2008. On our first night we had a room facing south on the 6th floor. We actually had a decent view of Mt. Rainier. On our second visit we had a group of 7 adults and shared three double bed rooms, all located off the lobby area on the ground level. On both visits all of our rooms were clean, quiet, and equipped with all the standard amenities. The rooms were a little small but we had space for our things and there is a desk and two chairs, good for any work you would need to do. Check in was quick and easy with two staff members available to assisting us in getting our group settled. There is a computer and printer with internet available in the lobby. The front desk was able to help us with several fax and other business related needs. There is a free breakfast with both hot and cold selections available, not a large selection but certainly adequate. For my needs it was a great location. Located close enough to SEA-TAC to walk but they have a shuttle that runs from 4:30 AM until 11PM. We used both extremes and each time it was quick and hassle free. From the airport just pick up the courtesy phone and call the hotels code. There is an added bonus for those renting cars from Enterprise. Pickup and return is one block south of the hotel on International.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>mnopConnecticut
<Content>Bad Experience I waited 35 minutes to be picked up by shuttle van. Internet did not work. Wakeup call requested at check in but no wakeup call received.Front desk manager gave us a 20% discount plus a free movie on account of the van problem. Nice gesture but would have rather the incident had not happened. Motel clean, well-maintained and convenient to airport. I would not stay there again due to issues cited above.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>hisim
<Content>clean but spartan we needed a hotel close to the seattle airport, and free breakfast was the inducement. the room was sparkling. not a smudge on the walls or mirrors could be seen. the wake up call was right on time, and the shuttle to the airport left on schedule. breakfast was adequate. no frills at all, however.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>kepMissouri
<Content>Convenient Overnight Hotel prior to Cruise Arrived at La Quinta evening prior to an Alaskan Cruise. Free airport shuttle and clean rooms. Best part about this hotel was the location. Very short walking distance to a liquor store which sold wine (to take on the cruise). Also were able to take advantage of local transportation (Seattle Express) to the cruise terminal...they picked us up ten minutes before our scheduled time, and the front desk staff called our room to let us know they had arrived. Seattle hotels can be a bit pricey, so we were thrilled to have stumbled upon this value hotel through hotwire.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelsWithDoggie
<Content>Good hotel, poor customer service The good - the hotel is easy to access from I-5, rooms are nice and spacious, staff is friendly and accomodating on check in, great pet policy, double windows keep SeaTac noise out, felt entirely safe in the location.The bad - the stay was great. A billing snafu went from snafu to ugly as 'good customer service' appears to only apply when there are no problems. Their response was so over the top, I really thought their message was fake.Overall, the hotel is good, management in my opinion, needs a few more sessions in maintaining customer relations to avoid poisoning the brand.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	2	3	2	

<Author>AgentJim
<Content>Close to Airport  Great for a quick rest. Had to take the red eye out of Sea Tac and needed a place to sleep. Usually I would say this is about a 2 star hotel but it gets a much better rating this time. They let us check in before 11 AM and we were going to check out at 10 PM and did for our flight. Good clean comfortable room for a days sleep so you won't be totally exhausted. We took a cruise and need an inexpensive place that was not a flea bag hotel to sleep. The front desk was very courteous in letting us check in early. The rooms while plain were clean and comfortable and mostly quiet for being so close to the airport.Free shuttle was very convenient even if the shuttle driver did complain about his job the entire time and wasn't sure where to drop us off as he only knew where Delta and Southwest were, not the airline we were using. After a few trips around the terminal he finally with another passenger's help figured it out. Would recommend this hotel for a one night stay when flying in/out of Sea-Tac  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>loxalot
<Content>Great location for air travelers Planned and reserved 8 nights, stayed 1.Parking spaces are too close and barely allow enough room for a mid-size SUV to pull in, nonetheless have enough room to open your door far enough to be able to get out without hitting the vehicle next to you. The room we stayed in was on the first floor but not really. You have to step up from the lobby to get to the same level and you have to step up from the parking lot as well. This means you can鈥檛 use a luggage cart to wheel your many pieces into your room, you have to do it manually. The outside exit door relocks when you leave so you can鈥檛 reenter through it so you have to walk back to the side entrance to get in, and it wasn鈥檛 even locked even though there鈥檚 a card reader to stop unwanted traffic. The bathroom had just a shower, no tub. The refrigerator wasn鈥檛 even on a shelf or a table, it was on the floor. I鈥檓 not talking about one of those large refrigerators either; this is a small, RV-sized one. The closet was tiny and for a room with two full beds there鈥檚 barely enough room for one person to hang their clothes and a jacket let alone a second person in the room. The dresser has only 4 drawers, one of which had 4 phone books in it. The light by the 鈥榙esk鈥?can only be turned on if the switch on the wall by the main door to the room was on. This also turned on the light next to the television. Luckily it has its own separate switch so you can turn it off if you don鈥檛 need it while you work at the 鈥榙esk鈥? I say it that way because the 鈥榙esk鈥?is about 4鈥?x 2-1/2鈥?and is merely a table. It鈥檚 hardly large enough for my notebook computer and mouse then they stick the internet connection device and a large plastic pamphlet holder on it too. There is no surge protector for the AC plug where one would normally insert a laptop/notebook plug and the CAT5e cable that is for the internet isn鈥檛 connected to one either, it鈥檚 just there laying on the floor hoping you鈥檒l find it instead of thinking the internet in this hotel is wireless 鈥?LIKE THE REST OF THE COUNTRY IS. I mean really, it鈥檚 Seattle for Pete鈥檚 sake. I would think that they鈥檇 have wireless in the rooms, heck I saw a bus drive by that said 鈥淲I-FI HOTSPOT鈥?so if a moving bus can do it, why can鈥檛 they.The shower is not small, at least compared to the one I have to deal with at home. The water valve assembly isn鈥檛 firmly attached to the wall studs so it moves around. The trim ring around the shower head pipe doesn鈥檛 stay against the wall, even though it looks like someone caulked it in an attempt to get it to stay.For a dog-friendly hotel they truly suck. There鈥檚 virtually no grassy area and for the spots there are, are just mud. The hotel鈥檚 location isn鈥檛 that great for walking your dog either. There are busy streets all around and no walking paths. The only option is to walk your dog around the building a few times and maybe on one pass you鈥檒l find the tiny spot of grass for them to use but since it鈥檚 the only one, don鈥檛 expect it to be as clean as the toilet in your room.If you smoke don鈥檛 plan on finding a place to smoke outside. Apparently there鈥檚 a law about smoking within 25 feet of any entrance which may explain why there鈥檚 no ashtray near the doors. There is instead a nice few (thousand) piles of cigarette butts on the ground surrounding the hotel on the parking lot and in the rock gardens and in the bushes.The hotel backs onto the airport so it鈥檚 a bit noisy at times. Luckily the runway is over a hill and passed a few buildings so when the large planes take off, the noise is somewhat muffled. If you like the noise, open the window and turn off your in-room air conditioner or heater, depending on the time of year.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Darenc
<Content>Stuck in the Elevator.... I am currently staying at the LQ Seattle Airport res and today is 1.31.08.I've just spent the last 40 min in a stuck elevator...here is a recap of the experience:Upon determining that the elevator was actually stuck I attempted to use the 鈥渃all鈥?button in the unit鈥imply to hear it ring through, be answered and hung up鈥?br/>I finally got through to the front desk on my cell phone鈥?where I was told to 鈥減ush some more buttons鈥?that usually works鈥? As I told them that I had already done that and that the buttons were just staying lit up鈥hey simply indicated 鈥淚 can鈥檛 take this again鈥濃€?.from there I was disconnected.At this point I called 911 where they patched me through to the front desk again and with the operator they indicated 鈥渢hey were working on it鈥濃€nd again was hung up on.After ~ 40 min I was able to pry the door open on my own鈥?.in going down to the front desk and indicated that 鈥淚 am the one that was stuck in the elevator鈥?I was simply looked at and asked how I got out鈥?.there was no concern, no empathy and no true sigh of any attempt to reach out鈥ne of the ppl was on the phone and simply gave me the 鈥渉ush finger鈥?and the other person simply stared at me.I finally just left my business card and went out to get a quick dinner. Upon my return the same person was behind the desk and visiting with someone else and again no attempt to even check in with me.I am not claustrophobic and completely understand that things like this happen鈥?.here are my concerns. 1. After numerous attempts to try and reach out from my end to express the situation there was absolutely no attempt to check in with me, physically bang on the door, keep in contact, inquires if I had any medical conditions, etc鈥?.basically provide a bit of reassurance and understanding of the situation I was in.2. It appears that this is not an uncommon occurrence. That in it鈥檚 self is concerning.3. After getting myself out there was absolutely no attempt to reach out, apologize inquire as to my well being etc鈥?br/>I have been a long LQ client and have noticed a dramatic drop of in service and quality鈥or instance the room I am in this time the desk chair is broken鈥ut still in the room??I also provided this information to LQ corporate in the hope that it can be used as a training tool and feedback of how 鈥渘ot鈥?to handle a situation.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	5	-1	3	

<Author>Bump-In-The-Night
<Content>Great One-Nighter We stayed at La Quinta SeaTac one night on Jan 11/2008 in advance of a flight the following morning. The airport shuttle service and drivers were excellent and the room was much better than expected. Desk staff were courteous and friendly, hotel was quiet and the room was very clean. Complimentary continental breakfast was tasty (waffle maker !!) and (free) wireless internet access for my laptop was appreciated. Only drawback to Free computer access in lobby was that inkjet printer was out of ink so couldn't print boarding passes. Front desk explained that it was a contracted service to the hotel and couldn't do anything about it. Suggest upgrading to laserjet printer and having spare cartridges on hand. Overall, an excellent restful stay that kicked off our Florida vacation perfectly. Also a pet-friendly hotel, always appreciated since we often travel with our dog. Would definately stay again for any SeaTac early departure or late arrival.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jjg39069
<Content>I'd stay again After reading all of the reviews for SeaTac area hotels on here (and discovering there's some scary places there) this was where I determined was the best place for the $$. We were satisfied. I'd definitely go back w/o even looking for another place around SeaTac. Friendly and timely free shuttle to and from airport. The bathroom was definitely clean (I gave it a good look after seeing a complaint about that by an earlier poster). Free internet access (computer provided) in the lobby. Looks like there was internet in the rooms although we didn't try to hook up ourselves. Continental breakfast was good as well.We had no complaints!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>moonshot
<Content>Dependable Stay often when traveling thru Seattle. Never disapointed. This property is probably an average to above average 'airport' hotel. Never had problems with staff or dirty rooms.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>danny053losangeles
<Content>less than average i have to say that i'm very dissapointed ...went to the hotel because of the reviews and found out that the shower was dirty and stink,informed the stuff , they told me they are going to take care of it,but it took them too long.it's true that the hotel is very quiet though.... overall the hotel is average, location is good. as for me i'll go elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	1	4	

<Author>gorgeous_alberta
<Content>Mixed experience I arrived with my family at 3:00 AM due to a delayed flight, and we were told that our booking (through Expedia) was not received by La Quinta Inns (SEA-TAC). We were treated to a rude welcome by the night receptionist who gave us a lecture on what we should do next time to avoid situations like this. We were standing there with a sick six-year old in the middle of the night, listening to the receptionist's comments and not knowing whether we would have a place to sleep. The proper way to handle this would have been to re-assure us that a room is available and that any problems with our reservation could be sorted out the next day (I had a hard copy of the reservation with me and the receptionist saw that it was already paid in full and it was for the correct date and La Quinta location).I also want to note that our stay was otherwise fine, I liked the free wireless AND wired Internet connection (there are some security issues with wireless access in some hotels), the day staff were courteous and tried to resolve the issues as quickly as they could. I also complained to La Quinta through their website, and they seemed pretty responsive. The place was clean and was very convenient for a one night stay flying into Seattle and then driving on the next day. (Note: from what I can tell, the lost booking was La Quinta's fault, but they are still looking into the issue.)  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>KChopin
<Content>Very good hotel if flying out of Seatac La Quinta is a well located, quiet, and clean hotel. We had a noon flight from the airport to the East Coast and needed a good night's sleep. The hotel sits next to the airport but it must be well insulated because we did not hear the noise of planes. Personnel was friendly and accommodating; price was reasonable; all necessary amenities provided. Very good hotel!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Twirlgrrl
<Content>Nice place! Clean and quiet, free internet The airport La Quinta is a really nice hotel! I am a budget traveler and usually stay at the Red Roof Inn or the Motel 6, so that gives you an idea of my expectations and standards. We splurged on a Monday night at the La Quinta because we needed internet access and the Red Roof was full. I'm so glad we got to spend the night in comparative luxury. The La Quinta was renovated about two years ago and everything is new and shiny, from the tile in the bathroom to the paint in the hallways. Either it was deserted or the walls are thick, because we didn't hear evidence of another guest the whole time in our room. We heard airplanes in the morning, which is to be expected since the hotel is right next to the airport, but they sounded much quieter than they do from the Red Roof or Motel 6. High-speed internet was furnished via in-room cable and worked great with no passwords or connection fees required. The room was ultra clean. There was a blow dryer, shampoo, and a coffee maker in the room, as well as a desk, but no fridge or microwave--those would have been the icing on the cake. The front desk staff was friendly and solicitous--they even called when we'd been in our room a few minutes to make sure everything was satisfactory. There was plenty of parking and this hotel really is right next to the airport, though a few blocks' drive from the airport entrance. One small problem is that the wheelchair/stroller entrance is only on the airport-facing side of the lobby, so if you need to enter on wheels (or wheel your luggage in) you have to drive around to that side of the hotel, and it's not obvious that this would be necessary from the parking lot.The hotel is situated on the hotel strip just next to the airport, and there are several restaurants nearby. The closest stores include a Jack-In-The-Box, a Taco Bell, two gas stations, and a 7-Eleven, but I also saw a bunch of sit-down restaurants further down the street toward the airport. We didn't have a chance to check out the continental breakfast or the pool.Overall, from a no-frills, budget-traveler perspective, this place was extraordinarily clean and quiet for an airport hotel and I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rockychocbill
<Content>Great value if you can get their weekend rate! The review from andywa below basically sums up my experience at this property. I have tried 3 other hotels in the Seatac area in the past including the Clarion, Econo Lodge and Best Western Executive. I feel La Quinta offers the best overall value especially if you can get their Weekend Impulse rate for $59. You need to book this rate directly on their web site. Just look under the specials tab.Our family of 4 stayed one night at the beginning and end of our trip to Orlando. The only thing we would have preferred would be 2 queen beds instead of the 2 doubles. It was a bit cramped but that's the price you pay for getting such a great rate. For a 1 night stay it's fine.The elevators could use a sprucing up but everything else was clean and modern. Standard carb fest at the breakfast bar, including the make your own waffle machines that the kids love so much. There wasn't any fruit out the morning of our second stay but we didn't ask if any was available either. Staff were friendly when approached.I would highly recommend this property for anyone needing to overnight in the Seatac area.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>andywa
<Content>Well above Average and my expectations The first time I stayed at this Hotel was in July 2001 compliments of an Airline which had rescheduled my flight. At that time the Hotel was horrible.Small room, unkempt bathroom with dark mold all around and generally not pleasant.But it was a free stay, so I did not do much about it.How much they have changed! I stayed there on Mar 3,2007 for 1 night to catch an early departure from Seatac.On arrival staff was friendly and I had reserved a nonsmoking King room-which I got without any problems.The room on the 5th floor faced the edge of the Airport tarmac- but I did not hear any airplane noises during my entire stay.Everything was very clean (MOST important for me), and the bathroom had no mold and looked fresh and new.The room has a good size and had an easy chair, a desk with free DSL cable Internet connection. A big TV with a good selection of channels.All in all things were completely different from my first stay.I did not find the bed too hard-just right to get a good nights sleep.The towels were not as nice as in some other La Quintas I have been to-but still not the flimsy kind that one gets a a budget motel.I paid $60 plus tax for this weekend night, which is quite low compared to other Hotels in the area.The free continental breakfast is really quite extensive with cereal, fruit, Joghurt and fresh waffles.A bit to few tables when I was there, as a tour group from Korea just had breakfast-they were not provided an extra area, although they were more than approx.30 people, who were not familiar with western breakfast it seems.But the staff cleared up all the messes quickly and refilled all supplies within minutes.One very touching thing happened, as a blind man came for his breakfast, he asked for assistance and truly one of the staff was at his side for the whole time, getting him what he wanted and needed.I stay at Seatac often because of early flights and I think this La Quinta will be my choice for the future.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hello_It's_Me_21
<Content>Ordinary / average I have tried about 8 hotels at the Seattle airport and am still looking for one which is inexpensive but nice. This one was ok but I'm still looking.The location is very convenient to the airport and there is are 2 restaurants across the street. The room was big but the bed was a bit hard and the blanket way too thin. The pillows were flat and hard. The bathroom was average size and the towels were thin and very scratchy.Everything was very clean. The desk staff are friendly. Free internet (dls plug) in the room.The free breakfast was your average continental breakfast: toast, bagels with tasteless cream cheese, a few cereals, yogurt, emply plate from what was hard boiled eggs, terrible coffee, the milk (I opened 2 indiviual serving size containers) and gone bad but I saw other people drinking and using it, toaster waffles, packaged muffins, etc. Free shutte to the airport every 30 minutes.Overall the hotel was ok but nothing more.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was okay . . . I stayed at La Quinta by Sea-Tac Airport last October before a very early flight. It had some positive aspects (low price, good service, clean room) but some drawbacks. * The bed and pillow were both hard as rocks. Very hard to get comfortable.* It was difficult to adjust the room temperature correctly; they have individual heating/air conditioning units on the wall for each room. Besides being very noisy, these units do not self-adjust like a thermostat does (you were either blasted by hot air, warm air, or cold air, and until you shut off the unit, it keeps blasting away). The room was very cold when I arrived, so I turned on the heat. I made the mistake of leaving the heat on before going to sleep, and woke up sweating.* If you are leaving for a very early flight, the advertised free breakfast was unavailable. I left the hotel at 5:00 a.m., and if I remember correctly, the breakfast did not start until 6:00 a.m. Since the hotel attracts people who have very early flights, you would think they could put out the coffee and pastries earlier (their buffet doesn't require much staff attention). At least the coffee!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cough cough ughh smokers on 6th floor and dirty rooms I stayed here on April 13/06 and requested a non smoking room. Well I got that but half the 6th floor is smoking/non smoking. There is nothing to stop the smoke from coming under the door. I have an infant and this was disgusting for us to breath. I booked this place for my trip to Portland and back to Victoria (April 17th) and 1st time was bad and the 2nd stay was nasty. We got a better room since we complained, but when I was in the shower in the morning, there was long brown hair on the shower wall and tub. If this is not clean, then what else was not cleaned?  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alonzogo
<Content>I could hear the guy belching in the next room. Stayed there one night before flying out of Sea-Tac. I wanted to try the La Quinta chain, and we paid the $97 rack rate for a double room. I am sorry we did not go with one of the many less expensive options in the area, and will not stay in a La Quinta hotel again.I could hear conversations, sneezing and belching through the walls. The room was basic at best, and was missing some common-sense items such as a soap dish for the bathroom sink. The bed sheets and blanket were thin and worn. We did nothing more than sleep here and did not take advantage of the included breakfast, so I cannot comment on anything other than the room.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>myan23
<Content>great place to stay, especially if you have pets! the person that said the dogs run the house is completley overreacting!! this was a very nice and very clean hotel! we brought our dog and while it is unfortunate that they witnessed someone letting their dog defecate and not clean it up, we are responsible pet owners and would not allow that to happen. we had a great experience with the front desk. antoinette was extremely cool and helpful! she helped us find our way to the space needle, she told us the best area to park at and where to go. plus the next night we were looking for a movie theatre, not only did she tell us how to get there, she helped us call and find movie times. and she was helping other customers in person and on the phone while giving us her attention! plus she remembered us everytime we came back through the lobby! our room was clean and safe and quiet too! we would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jewels1Philadelphia
<Content>A good deal After kicking around all the possibilities for a one-night stay @ the airport, we went with this hotel based mainly on price ($85). It was the right choice.The staff was helpful, and the room was clean, quiet and modern. Free continental breakfast was fine -- coffee, cereal, rolls, juice, fruit.The shuttle service is good, too. The morning we planned to leave the hotel, we had to go to one of the off-aiport rental car places and weren't sure if the shuttle would take us there. The driver who picked us up at the airport when we landed assured us it would, and sure enough the next day another driver dropped us at the rental car spot after making the rounds at the airport to drop off other passengers.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>newburyengineer
<Content>Good Deal for the Price, and Clean Too!! On our cruise to Alaska, needed a one night stay in SeaTac not to far driving distance from the pier. On our way up driving from Los Angeles to Seattle this was our 3rd Hotel. It was by far the best! The room was clean, the pool looked well maintained. The continental breakfast was above average. All in all would recommend it and use it again if needed.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good airport hotel My son, husband and I recently stayed at this hotel and we would recommend it. It's a nice clean hotel and it's convienently located right next to the airport. Although it is literally right next to the airport, we couldn't hear any airport noise from our room, which was nice. If you're looking for a reasonably priced, good hotel I would recommend this one.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful service at la quinta We booked two nights at the La Quinta Seatac via internet, got good rates, the hotel was way above our expectations, the staff was exceptionally helpful - they allowed us to check in way before check in time and thus we gained many hours of enjoyment of the lovely city of Seattle. What the staff doesn't ell you is that there is an express bus across the street which takes you to downtown Seattle and there is no reason to take a taxi as they suggested; this was a big saving for us(we are a retired couple). Would certainly go there again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>florenceaugustinos
<Content>Dogs have run of house Although we have stayed here several times, the last stay was so disgusting and sickening, we vowed it was our last. As we were checking out in the morning, a guest with her dog had walked through the lobby to go outside and along the way the dog had feceted all through the lobby and guests were stepping in and rolling their luggage in it throughout the lobby. What an awful and smelling experience. When it was reported to the desk clerk, she was not concerned about it all, saying she would have the dog's owner clean it up when she came back in. When the dog's owner came back into the lobby which was several minutes later, the clerk asked her to wipe it up and all she did was grab some paper towels and rub it deeper into the carpet. It was the most disguisting experience I've ever witnessed in a hotel. The hotel clerk or guest with the dog did not apologize to any of the guests in the lobby for what happened. We had to take our luggage and our shoes into the restroom to clean them off but they still smelled for hours after that. It was awful!!!!!!!!!! We will never stay there again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cuinkempsville
<Content>A Great Place to Stay! This is a great place to stay if you are looking for a hotel close to the airport. The room was clean, the staff was helpful, the breakfast was good, and the shuttle is great! I have booked another reservation here for my upcoming trip! A+  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Raleigh307
<Content>Great choice! We stayed here in August 04, at the end of an extended vacation in the Pacific Northwest. It is right next to the airport, so a good location to fly out from. The room was excellent, well equipped and clean, comfortable and best of all, I booked a last minute deal on their website, for a great price, ($60) even though it was a week out. The breakfast was good and the shuttle to the airport was prompt and fast. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ProfSpice
<Content>Helpful staff, good free breakfast I stayed here for three nights while attending a meeting at the Doubletree across the street. You can make your own waffles at the continental breakfast. Quick and convenient free shuttle to the airport. I needed to get to a pharmacy and the desk staff went out of their way to help me out!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon h么tel 脿 la sortie de l'a茅roport (navette )   showReview(11348161, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

