<Author>warrenUk
<Content>Highly recommended We stayed at the Bryant Park for several days just prior to Christmas. Our room was spacious and had pretty good views, although we had not specifically requested a view, which made our stay that little more enjoyable. The room was of a good size for NY and was very comfortable, and the bathroom was of a high standard. Staff were friendly but professional and discreet, and the Cellar Bar is a cool place to enjoy a drink. Our one word of advice would be to consider pre-booking a transfer (e.g. limo/taxi) if heading out of town, as the Bryant Park is in a crosstown location and getting a cab from right outside can be a drama during rush hour (is it worth including this in the in-room hotel guide?). Overall, a great stay and we can't wait to return!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dnafranny
<Content>Bryant: the Best in service Was happily surprised about the friendliness of the staff (after all, this IS New York).I ordered room service and a glass of wine with the order. The gentleman who delivered this and I do apologize since I didn't catch his name was extremely friendly and interested in my conversation. I realized after he left that my wine was not with the order. He immediately returned, apologetic and provided a bottle of wine from the in-house dining people. He didn't blame the omission on anyone and really made the mistake a win for me by his nice attitude. I loved the ambiance, the view of Bryant Park with ice skating rink front and center and will happily book with them again. Fran Waite  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ninasch1976
<Content>Really expensive Hip Hotel We had a good 3 nights stay in The Bryant Park Hotel.However i can not understand the raving comments about this hotel.Pros:Good quality room, we had a Junior Suite with two double beds, they were really huge, also room really spacey, bathroom well equipped, nice big tub.Location is very good, one minute away from 5th avenue, but other hotels like Sofitel, Marriott Residence inn have an equal location.Cons:Not a single bottle of water provided in the room as a gratuity. We payed 625 Dollars for our room to find our that a small Evian would cost 12 bucks?! Thats really annoying.If you forget toothpaste: you have to buy it from them for a fortune! No breakfast incl in the priceThe view of Bryant Park is only available from a few rooms, ours was promised to have a view but then you really have to stick your head out to see the Park.Reception and Concierge staff were quite helpful but did not go the extra mile and i think they were acting quite a bit too cool for a hotel of that category.Dont expect a five star service. The hotel is for people that are mostly into fashion and hip and cool stuff.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>NJDevilsfan
<Content>Good Hotel. Nice Room. Nothing Exceptional. A Safe Bet! Came in from NJ for a romantic weekend with my wife the day after Thanksgiving. Black Friday in NYC is not for the weak! The city was jammed packed as were the stores, but the hotel was VERY quiet. We checked in on Friday after making a last minute reservation on Weds. We were able to upgrade to the Bryant Park Suite which was very large for any hotel room, especially for a NY hotel. Christian the reservations manager was great to work with and helped us out tremendously. The room had a sitting room, and 1.5 baths. Nice glassed in shower and very large tub in marble bathroom. Bed was not huge nor the most comfortable to sleep on but it was ok. Room was very stark with a white color theme. In fact I don't think there were any photos hung on the walls! Our room overlooked Byant Park which was quite nice especially with the ice skating rink below. The location of this hotel cannot be beat as its sits right in the midle of the city at 6th and 40th street. I actually expected something more exciting, cool, different, etc. but this was just a nice hotel. Very good but not headturning! Nothing you'd write home about which is the only negative thing I'd say. We'd probably stay somewhere else next time for something different but this is a safe bet!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Mr&MrsSmith
<Content>Location, Location, Location Stayed here for a week in a Deluxe Queen room. We got quite a good deal directly from the hotel. After a gruelling 18 hour flight from Hong Kong we called the hotel to ask if we could check in early (it was 7am) and luckily they agreed which we were very impressed with. The normal check-in time is 3pm which quite frankly I think is ridiculous!The room itself was a decent size but very dark as the window was small and we had a side-view of the park. However, the bed was REALLY comfy with a flat screen TV which unlike most hotels was at the right height and the right size for the room. The bathroom was large with Molton Brown amenities and a well pressurised shower. As some previous reviewers have mentioned this hotel is only for fans of minimalism. The best thing about the hotel would definitely be the location which is in mid-town which is convenient to get everywhere in Manhattan.The only slight negative is that some of the hotel staff forgot to smile in an effort to look cool. I guess that's the price of cool. Despite that, I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>matthildur
<Content>My favorite hotel in New York I am a frequent traveler and a sucker for good hotels. For the last six years I have visited New York once a year and stayed at many different hotels. This year I found my hotel. The Bryant Park has everything one can wish for. Beautiful architecture, excellent beds and the linen floats around you. The room has a big beautiful bathroom, with large and thick towels. The Hotel has an excellent location, only a few minutes walk to the theater district, half an hour stroll to SoHo and Central Park. The Bryant Park is just opposite the hotel, with a beautiful garden and in the winter you can go ice skating. The staff was superior and knew exactly how to take the best care of their gests.All of you looking for a good hotel, treat yourselves well and stay at The Bryant Park, you won鈥檛 be disappointed. I had to prolong my stay because my husband got sick. The stay that could have been very difficult became easier for the sake of the friendly staff at The Bryant Park. We were upgraded to a suite and I felt like a Queen, with a beautiful view over all Manhattan. The hotel staff became our family and did everything to make our stay as pleasant as possible, under our circumstances.I don鈥檛 have to look any more for a hotel in New York. I will stay at The Bryant Park hotel next time I visit. Matthildur, Iceland  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aceaceaceace
<Content>A Great Room Overlooking Bryant Park We travel to New York several times each year, and haveenjoyed stays at a variety of great hotels in the city. Ourvery recent stay at the Bryant Park Hotel, though, was easilyone of our very best.We were given a great room - a 'junior suite', overlooking the Park - an upgrade, though we'd reserved at a bargainrate. The room was very spacious and comfortable, withup the minute furnishings. The bath, with large, separateshower and tub!, was also large, commodious, and well-designed, something very unusual in New York.Wonderful, helpful, cheerful staff. And, of course, what aterrific location, on Bryant Park.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tschweit
<Content>Perfect There are few things in New York that make me as happy as a park view room in the Bryant Park Hotel. In the supper the green trees and grass provide a calm dychotomy to the busy city, and in the winter the ice skaters seem so peaceful. The rooms are fantastically modern and minimalistic. The service is fantastic, anything you need is just a phone call away. If you stay multiple times the hotel staff even remembers your name when you arrive. I love this hotel. (the breakfast in bed packages are a great way to get room service, a late check out, and a great room, all in one)  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>slickoperator
<Content>Great Hotel in Central Manhattan This was my second stay at the Bryant Park Hotel, and it was every bit as good as the first. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. The room service is discreet and unobtrusive. The location of the hotel is excellent -- it's midtown, very good for seeing the sights and getting to locations all over the city. I was travelling alone and needed a nice, quiet room in the city. My room didn't have a view, but it was a good place to be in all other respects.I recommend this hotel unreservedly.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>49states6continents
<Content>Best Boutique in NYC My 4-year old and I have stayed at the Bryant Park Hotel twice recently (and I've stayed there alone on business) and I am in complete agreement with his review, Dad, can we stay here every time we come to NY? I've been to several dozen hotels in NYC in recent years from the highest end to the best budget. Bryant Park has a great location, rooms that are a perfect blend of elegant design and real comfort and attentive but not intrusive staff. The rooms over the park offer a peaceful view of a quintessential midtown city landscape.The staff is exceedingly friendly and efficient. On both recent visits we have received a complimentary upgrade without requesting it. The bathrooms are large and as well-furnished as the best hotels. And the beds are so comfortable that sometimes I wish we weren't in New York with so many things to do just outside the front door.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IlanaSue
<Content>Best in Manhattan I work in the travel industry and have stayed at many different hotels in the New York area. Most offer small rooms, noisy environments and long walks to most of the main sites.The Bryant Park Hotel had none of that. The staff was unbelievably pleasant and accommodating. The rooms were large, comfortable and spacious. Most of all, it is centrally located; with beautiful views of the park.I would definitely return to this hotel and look forward to recommending it to everyone I know. It truly is a gem of a hotel and rates 5 stars in my book.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>onthegogirl_74
<Content>Loved The Bryant Park Hotel I am lucky enough to have travelled all over the world on business enjoying the best in service from the most exotic locales. I was thrilled to find this gem of a hotel right in my backyard of Manhattan, centrally located in midtown. I stayed there for a celebratory weekend with my boyfriend and the service was impeccable from the moment I arrived. The staff is ready and willing to help you with any need or concern. The room 鈥?a junior suite 鈥?was huge by Manhattan's standards and had great views. Plus Koi, an amazing Japanese restaurant, is right downstairs. (Get the Crispy Rice!!!) I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>peeandeff
<Content>Excellent weekend in NYC       Bryant Park Hotel from across the park  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>archangel60
<Content>great service I ,like many others, really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. It was my first time in NY and i was travel with my twin children aged 11. As i was quite nervous about gettng out and about the staff were extremey helpful whenever I asked questions. The icing on the cake as far as the staff were concerned was that my daughter collapsed with de-hydrated one morning in our room. I called receiption and within a few mintues a doctor was on the telephone suggesting she should be taken to hospital.I panicked but didn't need to worry. within five minutes two membersof staff knocked on the door telling me an ambelance was on its way and did i need help. Everyone was so efficent!!. We finally returned some hours later to be greeted by a lot of the staff all checkng we were ok. When we got to our room there was a ballon say get Well plus a big teddy bear in a box! and a card sgned by the staff.The checked every few hours to see if we needed anything and there after always made sure we had plenty of water in the room. The front staff checked everyday to make sure my daughter was ok. I don't know of any hotel that would give this kind of service!!!!!!! I would like also to mention the door staff wjo were excellent. I would like to thank Darren Sumner who oversaw everythngThe other big bonus is in the park opposite the hotel, every Friday in the summer they have free concerts. The week we were there it was Usher!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Monarnica
<Content>A Brilliant Hotel Let me start by saying this hotel is one of the best customer focused establishments I have ever stayed in and I have been fortunate to stay in many 4  5 star hotels. Not only do they have an excellent approach to new guests but they raise the bar even further to repeat customers.My friends and I stay in this hotel when we make our annual trips to NYC from Ireland. On our first visit, we stayed in a 2 Queen Bed Junior Suite with terrace and had such a wonderful time that we booked the same hotel for our visit this October. The restaurant Koi serves the most delicious Japanese food and the bar/hotel is young and trendy which was perfect for 3 young girls!This year we wanted the same room however it was nearly twice the price as what we paid in the previous year. I contacted the hotel directly on the chance they could reduce the rate slightly and even if they just provide us with a room without a terrace as this would be more cost effective. Within a few hours I heard back from Chris Jevas, the reservations director. Not only did he reduce the rate but he matched it to what we had paid last year and included the terrace.A few days before we arrived, Chris emailed to apologise as the terrace was unavailable due to restorations and he reduced our rate by a further $130 per night. When we arrived in our hotel, we got the usual warm greeting and the concierge had all of my restaurants, clubs and limo transportation booked. One of the other conierge even remembered me from last year and was able to recall certain stories and requests!My friend and I went up to our room to unpack where room service brought up a lovely bottle of wine as compliments from Chris. We were so taken aback by all of this as we have never expected such appreciation to repeat guests.I am now making a repeat visit to NYC tomorrow and I contacted the hotel again. Surprise, surprise I was given a deluxe room with a view (I only asked for a standard room) with a $200 reduced rate. Not only this, but they said I could cancel any time without incurring a penalty.This hotel is just wonderful and it is the staff (concierge, front desk, room service, door men, cleaning staff and of course Chris!) that make it so. I will say it might not be to every taste as it is trendy and there is no real lobby. In addition, the only restaurant is open for the evening and serves Japanese which might not appeal to everyone. But this hotel is simply wonderful and if you want excellent service, beautiful large rooms, a young and funky atmosphere, a great dinner, excellent location and an extremely comfortable bed then look no further.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travellinghopefully
<Content>Home Away from Home-with Luxurious Service! From Chris in sales to Patrick at the door, the service of this hotel is the best of any in New York. I have stayed at many NYC hotels, from the Peninsula to the Regency and others, and nowhere do you get the personal attention you get at the Bryant Park Hotel. Always smiling and cheerful, and quick to respond to your every need, the personnel at the hotel are faultless. And the rooms! beautiful, immaculate, good sized, with amazing beds and power showers you never want to leave.The location is absolutely amazing-across from a beautiful park, walking distance to the theatre district and a short subway or cab ride away from everything else.The car service they provided-Mario of EC Limousine-was consistent with the quality of the hotel. Restaurants they recommend -the same.I would NEVER even consider staying anywhere else in NY-Bryant Park is 7 star in every category.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kclkkjb1097
<Content>Loved the small touches and the mystery envelope! This was my first trip to New York and I was fortunate enough to stay at the Bryant Park. Having travelled the world I'm well aware that finding a decent place to stay in the city can be very hit and miss, however this hotel exceeded all my expectations.It was very boutique, fashionably kitted out and provided us with everything we needed. The staff were courteous and friendly, (although we would have appreciated some more inspired recommendations for breakfast rather than the nearest tourist traps) and always on hand to deal with any queries. We didn't get a chance to experience the additional items in the mini bar, although we did have fun trying to figure out exactly what was in the mystery envelope. You'll have to stay here to find out what though! It was these small touches that set this hotel apart in my opinon from the bigger chains.Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to check out the restaurant (Koi) or Cellar Bar - but both looked popular and lively and this is something I would definitely check out next time in town.We were fortunate enough to get some pretty good rates at this hotel, but it is worth the money for the unbeatable location and quirkier feel compared to other similarly priced hotels.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>cufccaroline
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Great hotel - such a good location and the staff were so fab! Got upgraded for free and felt very looked after. Booked by HotelRes Ltd in Cambridge, England.Definitely recommend to others wanting a great experience.AND I AM HARD TO PLEASE!! :)  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYNuz61
<Content>An Amazing Weekend We are going to make this an annual trip to NYC. The hotel did everything right from meeting us at the door, to bringing us Champagne, to making sure everything in the room was just right. It was worth every penny and I would look into staying at the hotel. We picked one of the weekend packages which were nice because most of the other hotels we looked at didn't offer anything like this.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>gcr9887
<Content>AWESOME MY family spent the weekend here for my 50 bday. we were treated like royalty. three awesome rooms all with park views. darren and somer from the front desked took care of all our needs and chris from sales made sure it all went smoothly. this hotel blows away any hotel in nyc.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sslaven
<Content>My new favorite hotel in NYC I come to New York from L.A. about 4-5 times a year for business, and have stayed at virtually every hipster hotel the city - from the Soho Grand to the Royalton. The Bryant Park Hotel is by far the best! The service was unparalleled, the room extremely comfortable and the location very convenient for my fashion/market appts. My room was outstanding - had a gorgeous view of the park, huge windows for lots of natural light, and was very quiet. They also have a good-sized and well-equipped gym, which is open late.I'm not only planning on staying here exclusively for all of my future trips, but I'm going to host a few of my clients' appointments in the suites that they rent out for events. I definitely recommend!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smrbrz
<Content>nice hotel but wished for more.... After researching forever and deciding on a different hotel, I noticed a great last minute deal for the Bryant Park and was able to cancel the other res. and book this hotel. I had looked all through the reviews and pictures and knew this was going to be a really deluxe place to stay. We loved the location, Bryant park is beautiful and the architecture of the building is amazing. Check in was great and everyone was very accommodating and friendly. Checked our bags early and explored most of the day. Our room was 1102 on the back of the building and had no view whatsoever (I know, I know, not every room can have a view). The room was huge (especially by NY standards) the bathroom was really large too. OK, it is my own fault for not mentioning that we were on our anniversary trip...perhaps we would have had a better room. Now not to be a complainer but just to point out a few of the negatives (in my own opinion.of course)...The bed was really, really hard. I have a platform bed at home usually they have a nice thick mattresses on this type of bed. I even like sleeping on futon mattresses but this bed seemed more like sleeping on a cheap box spring type mattress..Some other review mentioned that the room seemed sparse and boring (my thought upon reading this is well, they just dont like the modern/contemp style) but upon staying in the room I also felt like it just needed some more style, some art, a red bedspread....something to make it seem more modern and chic than just sparse. Again, not a big deal just my opinion.Lastly being from Seattle (starbucks headquarters), I really really would have loved to have coffee in the room in the morning or at least available in the lobby (which there really isnt any sort of lobby). We tried to order cappucinos next door at the italian cafe and ended up with 2 black coffees...finally found starbucks on the other side of the park.So all in all it was a nice place to stay for the rate of $300 but I cant imagine paying $600+ for this room  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>gwynda
<Content>Bryant Park Rocks! The staff @ Bryant Park are very attentive to detail and seem genuinely concerned with your satisfaction during your stay. They accomodated all our needs in a pleasing way. We enjoyed the Cellar Bar downstairs, too, and felt like we made friends in all arenas of the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yoscorpio
<Content>Nothing Beats the Bryant Park Hotel Without a doubt, the best hotel in the city. I travel to the city often and have stayed in many of the fine properties in NYC. They Bryant Park is quietly elegant, and the service is first rate. The room was immaculate, comfortable and very spacious. The location could also not be more perfect. Since I am from LA, I was excited to see that KOI was also there. Excellent! I am hard to please, and I highly recommend the Bryant Park Hotel!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smnlefty
<Content>Awesome Suite in NYC We recently stayed at the Bryant Park Hotel for two nights. This was our 4th time staying at this property and we love it everytime. We had booked a junior suite and were upgraded to a full suite at check-in. The suite was on the 17th floor and faced the park. It was a one bedroom suite with a dining/living room combination. Each time we have stayed at the hotel I always leave there talking about the rain shower in the bathroom. It is not the most luxurious bathroom but the shower is incredible. The water pressure is the secret to the shower. I have traveled all over the world and have been to numerous spas and this is by far the most relaxing shower around. So after spending the day walking around Soho and the rest of the city it was extremely relaxing coming back to the suite and having a great shower. The staff at the hotel is very friendly and professional. This is a fashion/celeb hot spot and we are so not apart of that crowd. Even though we are average people we always felt welcome by the staff. We ate dinner at KOI, which is in the hotel, and found the food to be outstanding.This hotel is pricey;however, the location and the overall experience made it worth the expense. When we return to NYC we will stay there once again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MinneapolisCindy
<Content>Loved it My boyfriend and I just returned from a 1 night stay at the Bryant Park Hotel, and we absolutely loved the hotel. We stayed Saturday night, and were looking for a fun, interesting hotel with a good, central location. The staff was courteous and they even upgraded us to te junior suite. The room was huge, and not even just NYC big- it was USA big! And, it seemed that everytime we left the hotel, someone took notice, and everytime we came back, someone had tidied up our room and left us something special. Oh, and anything that you could possibly want you will find either in your hotel room, or on the phone. Luxury shampoo, intamacy kit, even white castle could be delivered after hours (for a price). We will definitely stay at the Bryant Park Hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yecats215
<Content>Best Hotel in NYC My husband and I stayed at the Bryant Park Hotel for a weekend getaway. We have stayed at numerous properties throughout the city and was pleasantly suprised at this hotel. From the moment we checked in, the staff was very accomodating and nice. We were upgraded and the room was very impressive.We will be staying at this hotel in the near future and want to pass on this experience to anyone looking to stay in NY.The hotel was in an excellent location and the park was my favorite spot to sit and have coffee in the mornings.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bakesie
<Content>Great room and location! We stayed here for a wedding during Labor Day weekend. The lobby was chic and red. I really loved the decor. The rooms were tiny but comfortable and modern. I like the huge flat screen tv and the location. The club downstairs was nice to have a cocktail before turning in. We ordered room service and it came within 25 minutes. They had White Castle hamburgers on the late night dining menu. $22.00 for 6 of them. Worth every penny to have them delivered hot to your room. They give you a discount on parking if you get your ticket validated at a certain garage referred to guest. That was a plus.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TravellingVLa
<Content>The Rudest Staff Ever I was meeting someone at this hotel and sitting in the tiny lobby waiting and I observed the rudest staff treatment of a member of the public i have ever seen. this man, nicely dressed, came in to meet someone staying at the hotel. he asked to use the restroom and was told the one in the basement was closed and the one on the second floor was only accessible to registered guests. The security guard was aggressive and hostile. No customer service or graciousness here. Then I went and complained to the manager and they proceeded to defend their security guard, who then came over and started telling me I said something to other guest about using the other bathroom, which is not what I said. I told the other man he should talk to a manager. Well we both talked to a manger, the head of security and he didn't seem to care. They were just rude people. I sure will NEVER stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ilovenewyork57
<Content>Safe, Clean and Courteous I needed to find a Manhattan hotel for seven employees (including myself) from Canada. Some only stayed a few days, others needed to stay on for three weeks. Because there was a group of us, I decided to try phoning hotels within a certain radius because the hotel rates listed on websites were astronomical. After two days of phoning I called The Bryant Park Hotel. What a find! Despite it being Fashion Week, they gave us a reasonable price. When I first walked into the Hotel upon arrival I was a little worried because of the nightclub feel of the lobby. Once I saw my room, my fears disappeared. Besides being very stylishly appointed, the room was clean, comfortable, and the bathroom was gorgeous. As it turned out, The Bryant Park hosted several of the fashion functions but that affected our stay very little. We just flashed our hotel keys and were whisked through the crowd at the door toward the elevators. I am a woman and tend to feel nervous staying in hotels alone. Not so at The Bryant Park. I always felt safe. I didn't get a chance to eat dinner at the Koi Restaurant but some of my co-workers did and said it was fabulous food - especially the fish.The hotel has a booming nightclub in the cellar but I never heard a peep from my room. It was nice and quiet. I believe they knew we were working so they put us at the back of the hotel where our only view was the brick wall of a building. However, when one of the fellows wanted to change to street view, that wasn't a problem. Overall a very positive experience.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>L04gumby
<Content>Worth the Money Normally I don't like to spend a lot of money on a hotel room but felt like splurging this trip. I am glad that I did!! The staff was extremely helpful and professional. The room was a good size. The room had lots of extras (seating, stationary, printer and keyless keyboard, sound machine, stereo, and I can go on and on). I liked the fact that there were not only glasses in the room, but wine glasses and champagne glasses as well. I left my watch when I checked out and actually received it back! The location is great! Just staying in the hotel has enough entertaining for one night between Koi and The Cellar. Very Posh. When I asked a bunch of questions to the entertainment planners, they gave great suggestions and made my trip with the things they suggested. I would definitely recommend this to any friends going to NYC. The location is amazing too!! All around a great stay.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DC_Ryan
<Content>Amazing Location, Great Staff, Mediocre Rooms Stayed there for a recent weekend trip. The location is PERFECT, and within walking distance to theatres, restaurants, bars, and shops. Staff also was very nice. Guests are young, hip, and attractive. And the best part was VIP access, albeit expensive, Cellar bar. The only downside, which for me was a major one, was that the rooms were much like a Ramada Inn with an uncomfortable platform bed. Starting at $400+ a night, I think you might be able to find better for your money (i.e., Royalton, Hudson, or Dream).  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>just up and go
<Content>Great NYC hotel Stayed at the Bryant Park labor day weekend to attend the US Open. What a great experience! Perhaps it was because I received an upgrade to a suite, but from the moment I arrived until I had to leave, the staff was friendly, courteous and very helpful, the service excellent and the room fantastic. My suite overlooked Bryant Park, and if I had one issue, it was the noise from the preparations for Fashion Week, which is certainly not the hotel's fault. The suite was huge and very well appointed. The platform bed took a little getting used to, but once I did, it was wonderful. The living room had two lounges and a flat screen TV, as well as an iPod dock (as did the bedroom). The bathroom was well-fitted, with a separate soaking tub and shower. The Molton Brown products were a plus. As an example of the great customer service, while at the tennis matches, I decided to call the hotel and request that they book a car service back to the city. On about 2 hours' notice, and with several changes in the pick-up time (due to the matches running until after midnight), the staff (I wish I could remember their names) were most helpful and arranged for a terrific car service.This is a sleek, fashion forward hotel, not for those used to poufy sofas and chintz. It may not be for everyone, but if you are looking for a chic, lively place to stay in an amazing location, this may be the place for you. I will definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>martello52
<Content>A Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful Hotel I鈥檝e stayed in NYC on many occasions and I wish I had found the Bryant Park Hotel earlier. I had booked two suites and both rooms were upgraded on arrival to corner suites. What a treat for my mother whom I鈥檇 taken to NYC for a birthday present. The rooms were beautifully clean and the maid service was outstanding. The bathroom was spacious 鈥?probably the size of 鈥榦rdinary鈥?hotel room in the city!We didn鈥檛 eat much in the hotel, however, the mini bar and ice bucket were constantly checked and restocked.Nothing was too much trouble for the hotel and I loved the younger style employees without a hint of stuffiness.A great location for visitors and in June the park was a great place to grab breakfast and read the papers on Sunday mornings. The park also hosted an event for Good Morning American which was fascinating to watch.I would like to thank the Bryant Park Hotel for making a great holiday into a fabulous holiday. We intend to return in December.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sem777
<Content>Can't wait to return! We have just returned from our honeymoon in New York and couldn't have chosen better! The atmosphere is sophisticated but relaxed and all the staff were very friendly and professional. They gave us 2 or 3 restaurant recommendations which were excellent plus a typical New York diner for breakfast which we frequented daily! The rooms were spaceous and modern and the bed so comfortable that we slept soundly every night. Being so central you feel you are only a short distance from anywhere in Manhattan. The park opposite was a haven amidst the New York hustle and bustle where you can relax at the outdoor bar or the restaurant next door, or even enjoy watching the locals play petanque! A wonderful stay - a big thank you to all the staff!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kpbf
<Content>Fantastic Hotel at the Park My wife  I have just returned fron New York this week and had a FANTASTIC stay in this hotel. We consider the location to be the best of all worlds as it is in the middle of all the action.The staff were very attentive and helpful whenever entering or leaving the hotel.We asked for a 'park view' and were not disappointed, the view was excellent. The room it's self was bright and bueatifully presented, the bathroom was large and well fitted out. One of the most entertaining futures for us were the lifts (elevators) you would have to be in one to get it!!!!!!All in all a wonderful hotel the we would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelNutLondon
<Content>I love this place :-) Its a beautiful hotel. Perfect location - right on the doorstep yet feels like its off the beaten track!. From the moment we arrived we were met with helpful and considerate staff who made our stay fantastic. The rooms were really cool with everything you need and more - oozing with style and plenty of space. The cellar bar is also a great place to hang out for a late cocktail. I'm going back :-)  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sttp
<Content>Walking distance to major attractions. Great New York hotel for being central to all the major sites. Walking distance to most things and Bryant Park is just opposite. We arrived after midnight on a Friday night( flew from San Fran.) We were met with a long queue of party goers waiting to get in the hotels door as there is a club in there that is a hotspot to go to.( I had no idea about there being a club in the hotel on booking, silly me!!) After travelling all day and being jet lagged, feeling tired, hungry, wanting a bath etc, it was not the best thing to be met with and we had to scramble our way into the entrance! When our luggage was taken into the hotel lobby on a trolley, one drunken young woman checked our luggage labels to see if we were anyone famous and was rather upset that we weren't!!! Staff were friendly, hotel room was lovely and big, rare for alot of New York hotels. Mini bar and room service menu was so over priced, not good when the hotel is rather expensive anyway. A complimentary bottle of water would of been a big plus point when most of the guests have probably travelled for hours (there is a shop a few doors away that sells snacks and drinks for a fraction of the price, turn right out of hotel entrance). Tv internet didn't work, after I was told it was on checking in, however there is a place a few doors away that has the internet by the minute ( turn left out of hotel entrance).Bath is big enough for two!!! Molton Brown products, me likey!!!They also have a Pleasure Chest catalogue of sex toys etc that was enclosed in an envelope and put on our bed!!!! Again after jet lag, at this point I thought I was hallucinating on seeing this, we had a good old laugh looking at it!though and it is now in our holiday scrapbook! We would certainly stay here again, room very comfortable and spacious, staff very friendly and helpful. Location is fantastic, saved alot on cab fares. Didnt hear any unwanted noise from the nightclub downstairs. View from room was directly onto scaffolding and a building site next door, but we don't go all the way to NYC to stare out the window do we?!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>gimmeblankie
<Content>One Chic yet Friendly Hotel!       View of Bryant Park from our 17th floor room  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>woashad
<Content>the best NYC hotel I've stayed !!       wonderuf Bose sound system (but neighbor was not really happy)  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BostonBob37
<Content>Rude Service, small rooms, overpriced 3 star at best Started when I called to book room very nasty un-pleasant reservationist with a bad attitude.I should have hung up but location was near my client.front desk had no record of my reservation when I checked inwaited 45 minutes for them to reinstate and then they charged me 150.00 more than I was quoted and confirmed atSmall , dirty room had to call for towelsAVOID  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>louisesinc
<Content>Everything Fabulous!       Bedroom  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Guamtraveller
<Content>Cool Hotel This is a cool, small boutique hotel. The rooms are larger than in most Manhattan hotels. Our room had wood floors and it looked out at Bryant Park across the street (a small side street at that). At night, if you don't feel like walking any more, but you're not ready to be cooped up, the park is a very relaxing place to hang out and watch people (and drink cheap store-bought beer, although it's against park rules). The Koi Restaurant in the hotel is still a trendy place to be for locals, and it is an absolute madhouse from happy hour through 10 or 11 at night during the week. And the food is fantastic. If you want to be a tourist (which we were) the hotel is 5 minutes from Broadway and a short walk to the Empire St. Building. The entertainment director (the concierge) will book anything for you and make great suggestions for what's overhyped and what's not. The staff is cool, too. The pop singer Usher was staying at the hotel while we were there. The morning he was going to put on a free concert at the Park, which was our first morning there, having arrived the night before, there were crowds lined up down the sidewalk on both sides outside the hotel. We walked in and out of the hotel at least 5 times past the crowd, all of whom wanted to try to sneak into the lobby to see Usher, and the staff didn't give us a second look, because they memorized our faces when we walked out the first time. Great place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shodex
<Content>Wonderful New York Hotel       Bryant Park  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>horsey7
<Content>Fantastic Location Just returned from 6 days in New York. Bryant Park Hotel is superbly located - it is lovely to walk out of the front lobby and see a green space amidst all the skyscrapers. The concierges were brilliant at organising taxis, places to eat etc and did not charge for the service. Our son celebrated his 21st whilst in New York and we were recommended Buddha Bar in the Meat Packing district - I have to say it's the best meal I have ever eaten in a restaurant and the setting is really unique. Koi carp pool at one end, low level lighting and a huge statue of Buddha. Would recommend the 2 day hop on hop off bus service to get a flavour of what New York has to offer. Don't forget if you shop in Bloomingdales or Macys go to the information desk to get an 11% discount card for UK visitors. Finally ,travelled with Continental from Bristol to Newark which proved to be a very good service especially the return flight on a newer plane with screens in the back of seats and a vast choice of channels to choose from if you couldn't sleep.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>jcyy
<Content>The best       Room 1403, Queen Deluxe  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Aussiegal30
<Content>Absolutely Brilliant Hotel From the moment I arrived at the Bryant Park Hotel the staff were brilliant. Service is outstanding and my room was outstanding. I had a deluxe room and it was very spacious, excellent bathroom and shower, and the bed was soooo comfortable. The staff were more than happy to meet any request and whole feel to the place was warm.Will be staying there again and raved about it to everyone I met. Thank you for making my stay in MYC fantastic  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>williamboyd5th
<Content>Great Location; Clean and Pleasant Spent three days at the Bryant Park Hotel last week in one of their King Suites overlooking the park.The room was HUGE, well-appointed, and immaculately clean. The marble bathroom was the size of my first apartment! No problems with either the plumbing or air conditioning. There was some street noise, but that鈥檚 the price you pay for the park view. Unlike some hotels, the elevator and hallways were well lit.The staff were uniformly pleasant and helpful. No drama. No problems with check in/check out. I would not hesitate to stay again or to recommend the Bryant Park to friends.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BEJS
<Content>A Terrific NYC Hotel We loved everything about our recent five night stay at The Bryant Park Hotel. The front desk, housekeeping, doormen and bellmen are friendly and knowledgeable, the room (junior suite) was large with big windows giving a great view of the park, the bathroom was spacious and luxurious and the hotel's location in NYC is in the center of everything. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dodgydolan
<Content>Great Hotel, Great location highly recommend Took the train from JFK and was in Manhattan in about 45 mins. Arrived after 3pm and really looking forward to chilling out but the room wasn't ready. Went into Bryant Park and there was a really nice open air bar. Once checked in, the room was great. A good size and plenty of room. Bath tub was massive and was really looking forward to jumping in but afrer 40 mins gave up because it wouldn't fill past about two inches. Staff were really friendly and helpful throughout.There is also a great bar down stairs whichs gets really busy late at night. Very popular with the locals.No coffee making facilities in the room but didn't feel too inconvenienced as a really nice place two hundred yards to the left of the hotel.The park opposite is a great place to chill out in too.Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>HTM276
<Content>Hands down the best hotel in NYC My wife and I just returned from a stay at The Bryant Park Hotel. From the moment of arrival to check-out - every employee that we encountered was polite, courteous and attentive. I don't know what kind of employee 'kool aid' this place serves - but the service was over-the-top.Unfortunately due to a family emergency, our 4-day weekend had to be cut short into a 1-night getaway. The front office staff was extremely understanding and genuinely concerned. Even after checking out and arriving home the next day, the front office manager sent me an email to make sure that all was okay at home. Now that's the kind of service one would never receive from a large international hotel chain.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gold_nut
<Content>Wonderful stay, wonderful staff...can't wait to stay again My fiacee and I began our honeymoon in New York and looked around at properties that were somewhat trendy, but not over the top. The Bryant Park hotel fit that mold and we were able to get it at a very competitive price. The staff was incredible. Always polite, kind, and efficient. Then our room...amazing. Wonderful bathroom with soaking tub, separate shower marble/travertine tiles. Roomy bedroom with a classy and bright ambiance. Concierge requests and room service was delivered promptly and politely. I can't say enough about Bryant Park. I hope to go back (very soon!).  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>artworldexpat
<Content>Great Hotel, Bad Service - Missed Wake-Up Call!       Toenail on the phone in the bathroom?  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	1	5	2	1	

<Author>jhembree
<Content>This is a classy place! I booked my stay via Expedia and was a bit worried that I would be stuck in a broom closet room. Upon arrival, I asked for an upgrade to a room with a Park view and Dante was absolutely perfect in handling my request (kisses to Dante!!). Although my room was not ready when I arrived, there is absolutely no shortage to what one can do in Manhattan! I have visited many times and find enough diversions to occupy me until a room is ready! My room was immaculate, spacious with natural light. I don't mind the minimalist design; the limestone bathroom was amazing-- so much space. Separate soaking tub and large shower room with a poweful shower head (lovely Moulton Brown products); farmhouse style sink and lots of room for your stuff (2 rectangular tables) were much appreciated. Flat screen TV, BOSE equipment (radio and CD player) and an iPod hookup are provided. I don't watch TV, so this was not a necessity; loved the iPod hookup, though. Nightly turndown service is provided with chocolates and a sound machine by the bed. I found the staff to be friendly, hip and professional. I didn't go to the Bar or try the restaurant (Koi), so I can't comment on them. I did try their room service for breakfast and everything was delivered as requested and on time. I can't think of a more perfect stay with such a central location for everything. Very impressive!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjrt325
<Content>Great location and service       dark red elevator  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>traveljunkie81
<Content>For the NYC Visitor who is not a Tourist This is a fantastic hotel for those who visit NYC frequently and are familiar with the city. I would not recommend this hotel for first-time visitors or families. This is not the type of hotel in which you will find brochures for trips to the Statue of Liberty or discount fliers for Broadway shows. If you are in town to visit friends or family or to enjoy the restaurants, nightlife, shopping and culture of the city, this is a great place to stay for a number of reasons: (1) it is very centrally located, (2) it has a great bar, Cellar Bar, and a good restaurant, Koi, to bide time between events or otherwise meet up with friends, (3) the rooms are very spacious compared to other NYC hotels and in relation to the price and (4) service is quite good, especially the efficient check-in and the maids who kept everything immaculate without ever being seen or heard. I should also note that both the room and lobby decor is modern and minimalist in design and may not appeal to those who expect a more lavish setting for upward of $350 a night.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>capitalBILL
<Content>Stylish oasis of tranquility on a gorgeous park I had a great time during my first stay at the Bryant Park Hotel and recommend it to anyone looking for a stylish and comfortable (yet not outrageously expensive) hotel in Manhattan.I stayed at the Bryant Park for one night at the end of May. The hotel is housed in a gorgeous black-and-gold 1924 Art Deco tower overlooking the leafy park. The location is perfectly situated between the subway lines for both the east and west sides of Manhattan. It's a short walk to Penn Station and an even shorter walk to Grand Central Terminal.I was warmly welcomed to the hotel by cheerful Anna at the reception desk. I had booked a Deluxe Queen View and was given room 1605, which wraps around the northwest corner of the building. The park views are gorgeous and worth the higher room rate. The room itself was spotlessly clean, with oak floors and modern furniture. The bed was very comfortable. Best of all was the palatial marble bathroom, with a giant tub and a separate shower fitted with a marvelous, waterfall-generating showerhead. The high-quality soaps and shampoo smelled great. I found the room to be an oasis of calm in the middle of bustling Manhattan.I did not visit the Cellar Bar or Koi, as I was meeting friends downtown the one night I was in NYC, but I did have breakfast and read part of the Sunday paper (provided by the hotel) in the beautiful park across from the hotel. It's like a little slice of Paris in Manhattan.I have searched long and hard for a hotel in Manhattan that's not prohibitively expensive but that also has style and a distinctive personality. With its historic exterior, elegant interior, central location, spectacular views and courteous staff, the Bryant Park will be my new home-base for future visits to New York City!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>eliu731
<Content>Absolutely wonderful stay The Bryant Park Hotel is a wonderful property found on the island of Manhattan. Being a native New Yorker (and living in Manhattan) I am very familiar with the typical hotels in the city and the bang you get from your buck. Stayed here on a Wednesday to celebrate my boyfriends birthday and the Bryant Park was absolutely amazing. Upon check-in they upgraded my standard room to a suite on the 5th floor overlooking the park and sent up complimentary champagne. After check in a butler came and sent carmel popcorn to the room as compliments of the hotel. Even though the complimentary sentiments cost next to nothing compared to the room itself, they are all just very nice gestures that all hotels should accomodate to.The rooms are just beautiful, clean, and tres chic. Front desk was extremely helpful. Complimentary magazines by the elevator. And to make the birthday planning easier had dinner at Koi, which is a very pretty restaurant.Over all - Bryant Park hotel is a great place to stay in the city because its close to everything, but far enough that you won't be caught up on the touristy hoopla.Highly recommend  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>excelsiorgirl
<Content>Great Service at the Bryant Park Hotel! This hotel is well-located in that it is right across from beautiful Bryant Park. On the weekend, this is great because it is off the beaten path (for NYC) but still very centrally located for getting around easily (especially because the BDFV is right out the front door). The hotel decor is modern and it is done well and the Molton Brown bath products are great. Most importanly, the staff at the Bryant Park Hotel renewed my belief that good customer service does exist. Everyone at this hotel was extremely friendly and gracious. They truly seemed to care whether or not we had a pleasant stay. Everytime we walked into the hotel, we were greeted warmly and we were asked (in a way that I felt was genuine) whether or not we needed anything. The staff actually wanted to be of service!In particular, I must give special praise to Frank at the front desk. He very graciously corrected a mistake in the type of room that we were assigned to and upgraded us to a junior suite that happened to be available. Moreover, when I told him that it was my spouse's 35th birthday, he sent up two cute individually-sized bottles of White Star.Like many who utilize this site, I have had quite a few hotel experiences, and I can honestly say that the service at the Bryant Park Hotel was the best that I have ever experienced.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zigzaggyzoom
<Content>Great experience, with a few small gripes. My husband and I stayed (and are still staying) at the Bryant Park Hotel. We booked for a week. The hotel room is very very nice and spacious, and the location is perfect. However, next time I'm in NY, I would try one of the more 'traditional' hotels like the marriott perhaps... somewhere where the hotel staff are warmer and where the lobby feels more friendly... but that's just personal taste. Overall, the Bryant Park Hotel is great. I've listed some of my experiences below.Check-in: was quick, efficient, though impersonal. The lobby: Smart, clean and modern, but small. Was not quite comfortable - they've gone 'modern' and contemporary to the point you somehow just don't feel comfortable hanging around. There's no traditional lobby lounge or seating to wait or get cosy in. Room: Excellent size and furnishings, bed was comfy. Bathroom was big, clean and modern, and bath products were very lovely. We were on the 18th floor and it was pretty quiet. There was some reno being done in the top floors of the hotel but that didn't disrupt us much... only heard the occasional bump during the day. Only gripes are that the walls are waaaayy tooo thin (I can faintly hear next room occupant talking/watching tv. In fact, while I sit in the comfy bed typing this review, I can hear the room occupants next door faintly moaning and their bed squeaking from their evening exertions..... oh dear). Also, next room's door opening/shutting actually does reverberate through our room, which can be slightly annoying if you like to sleep in. The only bathroom gripe would be the shower - they have one of those 'rain water' drippy showerheads that means it's virtually impossible to have a quick shower.Doorman/men: are usually present and polite, but they don't do much. There are 2 sets of doors leading from the street to the hotel lobby. One set of doors is usually left open, and the doormen often just stand around chatting. Half the time, they do greet you. They are all dressed in black tees and pants and look more like bouncers than proper hotel doormen. Once you get through one set of doors, you normally have to open the second set of doors yourself, as all 2 or 3 doormen will be gathered only at the first set of doors chatting. House keeping: is EXCELLENT. Your room gets cleaned and tidied twice a day, and there's a privacy button should you wish. In the evenings, they turn down your bed, turn on the therapy machine (fills your room with soothing noises :), put choccies on your bed and positions slippers next to your bed, fill your ice bucket. It's all very very lovely!!In Room Dining: Too too expensive. Add 20% tax to cost of food, plus a $4 delivery fee. We had a turkey club sandwich and fruit salad delivered at midnight once, and it was of acceptable quality. We did dine at the Koi Restaurant downstairs one evening and the quality of the food was good. Service in Koi was standard (good), like you would get in most of Manhattan. The only downer at Koi was the very VERY FROSTY hostess who had forgotten how to smile, even when smiled at! She came across snobbish and cold, with not even a response to our goodnight when we left. To be honest, for Koi's prices, you would do better trying nobu / nobu next door / the london. The image Koi projects is also somewhat contradicting - for a restaurant that charges top price, they give you wooden 'takeaway' chopsticks. Also, the decor mixes casual bamboo with funky ceilings. It's not a cohesive mix. Internet access: They charge you for it, even though in the park across the road and the cafes next door, it's free. Makes you feel a little ripped off for what you already pay to stay there. Health club on level 5: Was great! They had a great range of equipment and the room was large. There were also towels provided there, a basket of apples, a water container, a TV, and a toilet just in case. It's clean, presentable, quiet - very user friendly.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>MaineDweller
<Content>Outstanding Hotel This hotel is absolutely outstanding. It's a block and a half from Times Square/Broadway and across the street from Bryant Park. The hotel is stylish and trendy. The rooms are big (for NYC) and comfortable, the bathroom is outstanding and super clean. You definately want to stay here. Room service is crazy expensive but there are nice, affordable places to eat 100 yards from the front door.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenki
<Content>Modern stylish hotel Stayed at the Bryant in September last year. At check in we were told that our room was not available even though it was late afternoon. The staff member we were dealing with did not seen really that bothered, just continued with the same sentence of Im sorry we dont have the room available that you want without offering alternative. We had initially requested a room quite high up and the first one offered was only on the 3rd floor. Eventually after my partner complaining there was a room available that was higher and acceptable. The room itself was comfortable, bathroom was absolutely beautiful. Staff were friendly, apart from the encounter initially, good service with the concierge confirming our reservations for us, which I highly recommend if going for dinner at River Cafe or Rainbow Rooms.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>ElisabethS
<Content>Looooovely!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had to write a review because I spent the last two months checking reviews about the hotel.So I guess other people do the same.This is the best hotel I've ever been to( I'm very picky!).Everyone was friendly,the rooms are BIG,the shower is huge and the bath is something else.The room service food was a bit pricey but my god...delicious!Eveything was clean and perfect.If this is your first time in NY don't just go up and down times square and fifth avenue like we did for 4 days(EXHAUSTED!)head downtown to Soho,they have amazing shops and restaurants,we found a seafood bar call Ed,the food here is great.Also Nobu never dissapoints.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>natbel
<Content>Excellent customer service! My husband and I stayed at The Bryant Park over a weekend while in New York City for a friend's pre-wedding parties. Reservations via the hotel's website were very easy and user-friendly, and the concierge emailed to confirm the reservation, and again a few days before check-in as a reminder in case there was anything specific you might need help with (theater tickets, dinner reservations, etc.). When we arrived check-in was smooth and flawless, and everyone from the doormen/bellhops to the front desk receptionist were incredibly friendly, helpful, and gracious. We were upgraded to a larger room - very clean, large, king size bed, very large bathroom. Our room had no view, but that's not the hotel's fault - I did not request one, nor did I try to change rooms as a result. Great gym with modern equipment, water and fruit available. The location seemed excellent - close to shopping, the subway, and Times Square. There is a Starbucks and a few casual sandwich shops nearby. No really cozy restaurants for brunch or lunch that we saw in the immediate area, but then again, you are so close to the subway that it's really a non-issue. We didn't try Koi or the Cellar Bar, but from 4:30pm on, on Friday and Saturday, the lobby was crowded with people coming to the hotel specifically for those two spots - very impressive people-watching! I also have to say that it was wonderful to come back and relax at the hotel after a long day of window-shopping or walking all over the city - the room was definitely large enough and comfortable enough to feel a little indulgent and to feel relaxed. All in all, a wonderful stay in what definitely felt like a 4-star hotel, in large part because of the fantastic customer service. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ozman666
<Content>Very Very Good       hotel at night  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>MattStallos
<Content>Great Place to Stay My girlfriend (now Fianc茅e) booked this hotel for my 30th birthday and we couldn't have a chosen a better place to stay!The location is amazing and our suite had amazing views over looking the park. We ate in Koi on our first night and the food was superb. Didn't order from the pricey room service menu as there are some lovely deli's just outside the front door!The staff are friendly and very helpful, even remembering it was my birthday after we'd been there for 4 days. Everything we asked wasn't a problem and the champagne they delivered to our room was a nice touch!The rooms are big, the molton brown smellies are very nice and the tub was brilliant!I would defo stay here again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sydney101
<Content>Good but not great We stayed here recently with our daughter whos 1, definitely not a baby or child friendly hotel but probably our fault for booking it. we had booked the suite 6mths previous and requested a crib. When the crib was on its way up to our room I got a call from a member of staff to tell me the crib would be provided on this stay but she was informing we it wouldn't be provided on future stays. i think they could have told us this on check out it just made us feel unwelcome and that they were tolerating our baby just this once.Also we got married in the hotel and friends from Ireland had rang the events manager and dictated a detail note to him to add to a floral arrangement they had delivered to our room. We never got the note and assumed the hotel just provided the flowers to every guest!!!! it was embarassing as we never thanked our friend until she mentioned it weeks later wondering why we hadn't said anything. Also we booked a suite and stayed here a full week and got married here so I think the hotel should have acknowledged this in some way.Overall pleasant stay room was big, light and spacious with amazing views.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>lloydbinding
<Content>All style, less substance I have a few issues here. Yes, the Hotel is beautiful to look at, and the cleanest I have ever stayed in. The bathroom was stunning, and the Molton Brown smellies were heavenly. However, it could have done with a few more Hotel-like touches.More seats in the lobby would have been good, especially when waiting for our room to be ready. Is a kettle in the room not fashionable these days? Was there any need for the lifts to be soooooo dark, that when opening the door into our very white room, I was temporarily blinded.An average hotel experience for the money.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	2	4	3	

<Author>PConnellybkk
<Content>Essence of New York On my first visit to New York I was looking to stay somewhere central, not over the top expensive but still capturing the look and feel of what I expected New York to be. My experience at The Bryant Park Hotel fulfilled all of that. After a swift, efficient and very friendly check-in a fully featured room awaited me with all modern conveniences. The bathroom was great with very good Molton Brown products and big fluffy towels. The turn-down service at night was an added luxury. I would highly recommend this hotel and if I get the chance to go to New York again then this hotel will be my first choice of a place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lardolactating
<Content>Great Spot Great hotel Great staff Would stay again  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZoeyCollins
<Content>Why go anywhere else? This was the best hotel i have ever stayed at, and i've stayed at to many to count. Although no pool, it was great for everything else! The staff were very polite and did everything they could to make sure you felt at home, they got us sold out tickets (together) for the Broadway show Wicked (which it terrific by the way). An out room was huge, and we didn't even get a suite! It was very modern and chic, quite artsy! The tv was a HD flat screen and was very great for listeing to music and watcheing very cheap pay per view movies! The beds were very comfy and there were great Molten Brown products to take home. Best place in NYC and we're going next year!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Charlie033
<Content>Excellence at The Bryant Park Hotel My wife and I recently spent four delightful nights at the Bryant Park. We are 57 and 67 respectively. We found the hotel to be quiet, intimate and upscale. The staff were professional, efficient, responsive, courteous and friendly. Our suite was bright, immaculate, spacious and quite comfortable. Room service was always prompt. The hotel is conviently located on 40th Street across from beautiful Bryant Park. The 'Grill' resturant is located on that site and served us a wonderful meal. The Bryant Park has our higest recommendation.ArthurChicago  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sacha350
<Content>Terrific Staff and Facility We just completed five days in the Bryant Park Hotel in a junior suite overlooking the park. The beautiful old exterior belies an ultra stylish interior. The rooms are very comfortable and quiet with every convenience. My wife has been smitten with bathroom envy. The chic Cellar bar was a very upbeat modern scene frequented by locals and a fun evening hangout. But I believe the factor that separates this property from many others is the terrific staff - from front desk to chambermaid everyone was quick with a smile, polite, attentive and well trained. They made the experience of an excellent facility into something more special. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to even my most particular business associates.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Liebchen
<Content>My Favorite Hotel in NYC I have stayed at every W Hotel in NYC, the Waldorf, etc ... This is BY FAR my favorite hotel to stay at in NYC. I always get the junior suite and it is beautiful. The location is awesome, the bar is super fun and it has been just perfect for me in every way. I cannot recommend it enough. I am very, very picky and I just love it!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Protrade
<Content>Great Hotel My Wife and I recently stayed at the Bryant Park to celebrate her birthday. The Bryant Park staff was aware that it was her birthday and treated us very well. Check-in was smooth and our room was very nice -- larger than we expected and with a nice LCD TV (with some HD channels), Bose radio, and Klipsh iPod speaker system. The hotel is in a good location, within walking distance to Times Square and the Theatre District but a little removed from the craziness of those areas. We would definitely stay here again unless we wanted to stay in a less touristy, more residential area.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ManchesterScamp
<Content>great experience I researced hotels for new york for days on trip advisor and the reviews for this hotel were so good i booked it. I was a little worried about it living up to my expectations but it did. Its a trendy perfectly located hotel. We booked a deluxe room which was spacious had a view of the pack. I was so pleased that the reviews were spot it prompted me to write one!!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CHD77
<Content>Awesome Accommodations My husband and I stayed at the Bryant Park hotel for a long weekend in February. We got a great rate and were very pleased with the service and accommodations!!!! Our room was quaint and sleek. (very new york mod!) The bathroom was very spacious! It was everything we needed for our stay in the Big Apple!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fazmir
<Content>A great hotel I stayed here for 3 nights in Feb and had a fantastic time. The hotel is in a great location, and the building itself has movie star looks. All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. We booked a deluxe view but got upgraded to the junior suite, which for me was a near perfect hotel room. Lovely large bed, large room, a great TV and not too cluttered but not too sparse either. Also had a printer in the room which I think in todays world is a great addition to any room. Only issue might be that if you were staying for a long trip you may find the storage space for clothes a little limited.Bathroom carried on the trend of near perfection with a lovely bath tub and a good powerful shower and again nice and roomy.I didn't eat in the restaurant or go down to the cellar bar, but hope to do that next on my next visit.I haven't stayed in any other hotels in NY but have stayed in many around the world and this is definately up there and would be hard to beat.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WillsHove
<Content>Top Notch stay at The Bryant Park Hotel I booked the room in August 2007 for our stay of 4 nights in January 2008 - an email reminder was sent by the hotel a few days prior to our arrival, and this was the start of the excellent service my girlfriend  I experienced.We received a complimentary upgrade and the room (a deluxe queen) was spot on. Our room was on the 10th floor overlooking Bryant Park itself, the room was clean, furnished with a plasma tv, Bose clock radio, and ipod dock with a beautifully appointed large bathroom. The service at the front desk was excellent, and the room was turned down each night too.The hotel is situated perfectly for Times Square which is a 5 minute walk away, Macy's, Grand Central Station  the Empire State Building are little more than a 10 minute walk away.5th Avenue is just off 42nd Street itself and a deli called Pax 200 yards to the left of the hotel entrance served healthy breakfasts which set us up nicely for the day ahead.In short, this hotel, whilst not the cheapest option, certainly made our trip that much more special  we would certainly plan to stay there again when we look to head back to NYC in the not too distant future!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peyton53
<Content>Enjoyed Bryant Park Hotel We had 3 great days in New York City. The Bryant Park Hotel is in a great location for sightseers. The subway is just at the end of the block. Unfortunately the ice skating ring in the park had just been dismantled and they were working day and night setting up tents for fashion week. There was noise from the construction-but not alot more than the usual street noise. The hotel provides ear plugs. The room was clean, comfortable and simply furnished. The bed was very firm and comfortable. Room service was courteous and quick. Patrick the door man was very helpful.We will defintely go back!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The Duncans
<Content>Great Hotel And Location Stayed here for 4 nts 24th - 28th Jan celebrating our daughter's 21st birthday.Staff very helpful for getting balloons and a cake ordered for the occassion,even gave our daughter chocolates and vouchers for a free drink in the Cellar Bar.They also recommended Phillepe Chow for a celebration meal which was lovely,pricey, but it was a special occasion,booking recommended as it was very busy it was Friday night.Hotel rooms very well appointed with a turn down service at night,and Molton Brown products in the bathroom which was huge,but windows in bathroom a bit draughty,needed towel at bottom when having a bath.We were on the 18th and 22nd floors no trouble with noise from the traffic below or the nightclub.Location very good only a few minutes walk from Times Square and the main shopping areas.Got a good deli right on the corner by the hotel called Pax which is good, as the only downside to the hotel is there are no tea/coffee facilities in the rooms or available at the hotel other than room service which is expensive just for tea and coffee around $20.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>rutinha
<Content>Star treatment This hotel is a gem. I normally stay at your typical chain hotels but wanted to try something different. This hotel stands out with its trendy lobby with its low lighting and club- like color scheme. The service is excellent from the valet to the front desk. Although I booked a lesser expensive room, I was upgraded without even being asked. Even at the check-in there is this sense of privacy. The location of this hotel is perfect. You are far enough from the Broadway lights etc but everything is in walking distance. Our dinner plans were on restaurant row and the walk was not bad at all even with the cold temps. The hotel room is simplistic white with bits of color for accents and felt spacious with the high ceilings. The bed is wonderful and comfy tons of pillows.. There is a sound machine in the room but the quality of the construction is quite good, so there was no outside noise. The bathroom is similiar to those you find in spas with great toiletries (molton brown). The bathrobes were super soft. Because the hotel is right in front of Bryant Park and nearby 5th ave, it adds to the overall image. There is a starbucks and various lunch places around the park. The Europa Cafe on 5th ave had great paninis ( a couple blocks from the hotel)This is a perfect hotel for couples, adults. This is defintely a hotel I will stay at again !  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nov06
<Content>Loved everything about it My husband and i (30 year old married couple and no children) stayed here for 4 nights over New Years - as someone else has mentioned we had a good view from our room of the Times Sqaure ball on NYE which was an added bonus ! Everything about the hotel was superb - we stayed on the 18th floor in a corner room and we couldnt have asked for anything better. We had just checked out of Crowne Plaza times square - luckily i didnt pay for it (i used reward points) but i am sure the price isnt that different to Bryant Park but the experience was worlds apart. The bathrooms were amazing, the beds were so comfy, the cd's were great and very relaxing to listen to having a relaxing huge bath and sipping champgane. There were so many nice little touches that made a big difference. Check out the red leather lift too - very cool i just wish it wasnt so dark in there so we could have taken photos ha! The only complaint we had was the room was a bit cold but we never really spent much time deciding whether we could to turn it up otherwise i am sure it would have been fine. Most of the doormen were very pleasant and friendly, as too were the reception staff but we rarely had much to do with them. The location is ideal - next to an excellent subway station and not far to walk into Times Square if you want to take in the atmosphere (or chaos). We ate once in Koi - fantastic food and service. My husband wasnt keen as me but thats because he is a meat  man where as i love fish (definitely try the Tuna on crispy rice and the black cod) it was superb. This was my first trip to NYC and i would find it very difficult to persuade myself to stay anywhere else. I think as someone has said before the lack of communal areas although not a problem for us is a bit unusual and i guess feels a bit strange. We did go to the cellar bar for one drink - it is a very dark place and the bar tender was a bit rude and we didnt stay for long. Overall Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>claireyflairey
<Content>Loved every part of it We stayed here for a romantic break without the children in december. It is the best location and we looked out of our suite room onto bryant parks ice rink. Everything about this hotel states cool. The staff are cool, the building is cool, the cellar bar is cool you name it this hotel is cool. The food was lovely, the breakfast was huge and gorgeous with the breakfast waiter being particulary efficient so thanks for that. My only slight complaint would be that i asked the hotel to book us basketball tickets and they charged us 100 dollars per ticket to do so. This did upset me. Other than that the hotel is brilliant and i will without question book to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chloeVermont
<Content>wonderful stay This was a surprise for my 10 year old (birthday present) for us to go stay here with two of her friends, this was also so they could see the Good Morning America Hannah Montana concert right across the street at Bryant Park. The staff went out of their way to make sure the girls knew what was going on (yes she stayed there) and there wasn't a detail left. My daughter and her friends got to briefly meet Hannah Montana and get her autograph.The room was a deluxe that the staff upgraded, it was perfect. Out of all of the places we have stayed this is a perfect 5, I would give it a 10 if it went that high. There wasn't anything we could find even slighty disappointing even the room service was outstanding.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leiyeewing
<Content>Fun Experience My stay here was great. I don't remember what type of room I stayed in but it was big but also sparse. It was definitely comfortable and I really liked the bathrooms. I find bathrooms to be very important to me when I book hotels and theirs was awesome. There's turndown where they move the gigantic pillows from the bed, turn on the sound machine, close the drapes and give you a pair of slippers. I loved how they provided an umbrella in your closet in case you didn't come prepared for unexpected rain. I thought the LCD LG TV was a bit small for the room and fell they should invest in larger ones. I definitely liked my stay. The front desk was nice and the bar at the hotel was great. I stayed on the middle floors so I couldn't hear the bar at all. What you should keep in mind is that there was a 150 extra hold on my card for the room which gets taken off. If you pay with debit, you'll see it in your statement if your on top of such things, but you won't see it if you pay by credit card. I had a good stay.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>123footy
<Content>great view of the crystal ball on new years eve Fab hotel, although it didnt start to well, we booked one room with two queen sized beds and whoever was in our room decided to stay on longer, so we had to take two rooms instead. Not ideal at the time but propbably turned out for the best. Excellent location and spotless clean and trendy rooms. We had good view of the crystal ball at new years eve, that was a bonus, wouldn,t recommend this time of year to anyone with kids, absolutely chaiotic.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nadiachicago
<Content>Outstanding! Will probably never stay anywhere else in NY again! Any hotel can have problems, and we ran into a few, but the night manager Shieshedo gave new meaning to the word hospitality! Aquarians unite! If Oprah knew about the Mr. Steam showers at the Bryant Park, it would undoubtedly make her Favorite things list. Very trendy, but warm and inviting at the same time.Beds extremely comfortable.Great sound system for docking ipod. Marble bathrooms have deep soaking tubs,a shower that has a floor to celing glass door with 2 shower heads (rain shower above, telephone shower mid-range) and a thermostat controlled steamer, allowing you to set time and temp!You can turn on the steam, pipe music into the bathroom and take a cool shower, all the while feeling you are showering outdoors in the tropics. My son, another aquarian, referred to it as being steam cleaned. The weather outside was cold and rainy, but the weather in the suites at the Bryant Park was heavenly!Do not take the Raymond Hudd suite unless you take both of them! Evidently they recently renovated and were unaware that in terms of noise, it was like sharing a room with your flooormate. (There are only 2 of these suites and they take up the entire floor.) They are beautiful and spacious, but have hardwood floors, causing the sound to travel easily from one room to the next. It would be ideal if you have friends or family in the other suite.My son and I had the misfortune to be sharing the floor with a couple who had a toddler. When we called the front desk about the noise factor, the day person told us they did not have another suite and the couple next door was checking out. We came home from the theatre the next night to find a note on our door asking us to keep the TV down because their baby was a light sleeper. (They decided to stay another night.) Evidently mom was not such al light sleeper however. When the baby woke me screaming at 4am I wanted to go pick her up myself it took so long before mom and dad got up to respond to her cries!The next evening we returned from the theatre to find the night manager at the front desk, with whom I had originally made the reservation. He inquired how things were going. I gave him an earful and the next thing I know we were upgraded to the Penthouse suite. It was spectacular! Evidently Leo Dicaprio's favorite haunt when he stays in New York.From that point on my entire impression of the Bryant Park changed from one of disdain to one of admiration for what they are trying to achieve by catering to a wide range of taste levels. Yes.It is very trendy. I am not particularly drawn to trendy. In fact I could care less. If that's your thing, you'll love it. Don't be thrown by the hip appearance of the staff in black. They are wearing uniforms and are there to to a job and most of them do it quite admirably. BPappealed to me as a single parent, traveling with a teenage son. I like to come and go unnoticed as though I were walking into the front door of my own home. The difference being that if the weather was too soupy to go out, I did not feel cheated stayng in the room relaxing until it cleared up. (In fact, upon my return home I started to redecorate my house because I enjoyed the minimalist aspect of the decor at BP.) We only ordered room service once. It was fine. Did not go to the Cellar bar, but clearly it attracts quite a crowd. We were there the weekend before Halloween. I had no idea there were so many nurses with a night life in New York! I walked past the eager young people hoping to get in, feeling grateful those days were behind me!My advice to you is stay here. I researched this trip weeks in advance. My biggest client owns one of the largest chains in the world. I declined to stay at one of their proerties because I wanted something different. New York is a veritable smorgasbord of hotels ranging from sleezy to sublime. I think I have stopped looking when it comes to New York. Going back to Bryant Park would feel like going home to a place of warm memories. Travel these days can bring an untold amount of unpleasant surprises. But the place where you rest your head at the end of your vacation day should bring you peace. I know I can count on that at Bryant Park. (By the way,The same can be said for Sofitel Water Tower!)Ps. Can't find the camera. Will upload photos later. But for a true represenation, go to the five star alliance website. They look exactly like the room we were in. Bon Voyage!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>pickypickyme
<Content>Poorly Managed, Uncomfortable The Bryant Park has a prime location, a hip vibe, and large rooms, but I will never, never stay there again. Our street-facing room, with a view of the park, was so loud (although it was high enough that one would expect otherwise) that we could not sleep. It should have been a red flag that the hotel provided two sets of earplugs with the bath amenities, yet no shower cap! First there was the pounding music from the bar downstairs, which carried up more than a dozen floors. Then there was the night street construction and related car horns. In fact, the hotel's windows are of such poor quality that just the ambient city noise was too much to bear, and the winer cold came right through the glazing. Since our room was nearly $600 a night, it's reasonable to expect insulated windows with thick curtains that buffer noise and cold -- as most hotels at this price point would provide. The Bryant Park has sheer curtains with roller shades beneath them, which is in keeping with their minimalist look but is an absurd choice of style over the comfort of their guests.As for the minimalist thing, it only works if materials are of the highest quality and are well maintained. Our room had three boards raised and partially detached from the floor, and both the veneered desk and table were badly water damaged. The travertine marble in the (large) bathroom was chipped and grimy at the grout joints. Poorly done caulking ran around the edges of the bathroom, and gaps had opened up around the tub. Water leaked from under the shower door, so that we had to mop up a mess every time we showered (good water pressure, though). There was rust and corrosion from the leak at the door hinge (very ugly) and mildew had invaded some of the unmaintained grout joints in the shower. Most of the towels were worn enough that if they were in my home they would have been relegated to the dogs. The floor had been treated with a glossy sealant that just accentuated the poor condition of the stone. Although the Molton Brown toiletries (just the basics) provided are of good quality, the shampoo, conditioner and shower gel were not replaced when more than half empty. Most hotels provide extras when they see that the products have been used. You should not have to ask.It concerned me, too, that the bath tub was extremely slow to drain. This indicates clogged plumbing, which is very unsanitary.Housekeeping is uneven. There was dust under the sofa, and the aforementioned mildew in the shower. The area rug (supposedly Tibetan but of an acid purple that would never appear in a true, naturally dyed Tibetan rug) was poorly vacuumed. The extremely firm bed was nicely made up with good quality sheets but medium quality pillows. Nothing is provided with evening turndown (no bottled water or chocolates), and we did not even have the evening service most of the nights we were there because the maid came by (inexplicably) at 6:00 or 6:30, just when guests are most likely to be in their rooms getting ready for an evening out. Furthermore, the maid pounded on our door before 8:30 one morning! I learned to use the privacy button after that. Even the main lobby was poorly cleaned. While I was waiting to check out I noticed dark splash and drip marks down the side of the red lacquered concierge desk. Whatever had spilled had been only partially wiped off. Things like that make one doubt the cleanliness of the entire hotel.The too-popular bar downstairs is a problem for hotel guests, aside from the noise that assaults you when you enter the hotel lobby. Guests must show their key cards to a guard to access the hotel elevators, and we often had to push through a crowd of rowdy bar patrons to get into and out of the entry lobby (which is darkened, club-fashion). When we returned to the hotel late on a Friday night, we encountered a very drunk bar patron and her two friends having an argument in the lobby (right in front of the elevators). No hotel employee was there to control things and, oddly, the fellow who usually guarded the elevator bank was gone (just when he was needed).It's evident that The Bryant Park attracts a certain crowd, and it's possible that I am simply not in their demographic. But all hotels are managed in the same way, and my conclusion after spending several nights here is that this is a poorly managed hotel. Uneven housekeeping, poorly maintained facilities, and the choice of style over the comfort and convenience for guests -- all add up to a hotel that I will avoid in future.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Melphila
<Content>Draconian cancellation policy Please be aware of the very unpleasant cancellation policy of the Bryant Park. I needed to cancel my reservation with just 24 hours' notice. I would not have complained about a reasonable cancellation charge.However, I am being charged for a full one night's stay, because I did not give at least 48 hours' notice before cancelling. This, of course, amounts to hundreds of dollars, because I had booked a junior suite for myself and my two teenagers.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rmmc06
<Content>Wonderful weekend getaway, perfectly clean!       Views from the park  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>michaelmelton1
<Content>Perfect Hotel For a Trip To Manhattan The Bryant Park Hotel is a great hotel. It is in a central location...right across the street from Bryant Park. There are plenty of restaurants withing walking distance of the hotel...not to mention, some very good late night eateries. The staff at the hotel are very helpful and friendly. And the rooms are amazing. I really like minimalist decorating, and i thought it was great to see a room that had the very least that you need. Its basically a bed, a tv, a closet, and a bathroom. However, they pull it off very well....and with class and style. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any of my friends and family.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>poppag_girl
<Content>Great location, good room with facilities nearby. I'm not sure that I can add so much, but nevertheless...The hotel is in a great location. By Bryant Park subway and equi-distant from Times Square  Grand Central, you are very close to excellent public transport as well as the location between 5th  6th meaning you can easily hail a cab up or downtown.Bryant Park itself is lovely and holds an ice-rink in winter and concerts/ films in summer. The direct vacinity has also improved in recent years, so there are now some nice delis and patisseries near to the hotel. This is good, because the hotel has limited facilities. There is a very trendy bar (more a nightclub) and very chic restaurant. Both are quite well known, but not necessarily what you want/ need from a hotel.The rooms are a very good size for New York (read standard by US standards) and have all mod cons. I easily set up my laptop, plugged in my i-pod, flicked on the telly and mooched around in my bath robe. I was also surprised that I liked the decor - which look rather cool on the website but I thought worked well in real life. Indeed, it made a great NY apartment for my stay.The downside, I think, is a lack of basic hotel facilities. There is no real communal area. When I returned at 5pm on my last day to collect my lugage (having checked out earlier) I was told that there was no bathroom. After what can only be described as a farcical conversation with the Front Desk, myself and the man who guards the lifts from non residents, I was allowed to visit the bathroom in the nightclub. (I had to point out that they clearly did have a bathroom and then on finding the restaurant only opened at 5.30, the guard man said that I could not visit till then....).I then had half an hour to wait for my car service and spent this sitting on a window ledge in the lobby. The lobby is functional (for checking in), looks great, but realistically, I would have liked a seat and a coffee. So if the room and location matter it is great and I'd suggest better than many of its boutique counterparts. If facilities matter, I'd suggest elsewhere. On a personal note, I'd recommend it to a friend who knows NYC, but I'd send my Mum to the Pierre.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>elisguistics
<Content>Bryant Park Hotel -- Perfect ! The Bryant Park Hotel is the best NY hotel we've ever stayed in. The Bryant has a contemporary look and feel. The rooms and bathrooms are larger than we've experienced in other NYC hotels. The hotel was immaculate, not only in the lobby, but in the hallways, room, and bathroom; not a fingerprint around doorknobs/locks and light-switches was seen. The front desk staff was very friendly and accommodating, and not in the have to be kind of way, but sincerely, like they really enjoyed people and their job. The location of the hotel, right off 6th, across from Bryant Park, is perfect - just close enough to the center of things without being in the noisy middle of it, and my daughter and I felt completely safe in this neighborhood. If driving into the city, you get a very reduced parking rate at a garage 4 blocks away - a closer one would be nice, but for $22 for 24 hours and a very nice and professional staff as well, the walk was worth it. And the room rate, they vary so search online - hotels.com worked best for us this time.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reade
<Content>Stylish hotel, amazing beds and bathroom! This is a very hip hotel, but not snooty. It has a great location right across from beautiful Bryant Park and the New York Public Library. It's in a gorgeous historic building just off Fifth Avenue. The interior is completely modern and stylish. There is a famous painting of this building by Georgia O'Keeffe. It's called The Radiator Building at Night. I loved my guestroom overlooking Bryant Park. Very comfortable bed, big flat-panel TV, great sound system, ample closet space, lots of windows. Even a sound machine to cover up the noises of the city. The bathroom was incredible: Great big tub for long bubblebaths, separate shower with invigorating water pressure, fragrant Molton Brown toiletries, thick towels, even a view of the city while brushing my teeth!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sarah119
<Content>great location, but thats about it. My husband and I have jusy returned from a four night stay in the Byrant hotel,we chose it after reading the rave reviews on trip advisor.The location is fantastic and the rooms are well laid out very well serviced etc. I would not reccomend this hotel because of the snooty attitute of quite a few of the staff which made it very uncomfortable, it was not a hotel to relax in just one to be seen in if you were of a certain age and dressed in a certain manner.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>anachemia
<Content>Didn't live up to the hype. Lack of attention to detail. We chose this hotel for our recent long-weekend trip to NYC based on the multitude of 5-star reviews on numerous sites, unanimously praising the attentive service and room amenities at this hotel. On the bright side: the valet attendant and bellman did live up to expectations, the main shower head was heavenly, and our room was in a secluded corner on the 16th floor with a fabulous view of Times Square. They provided a noisemaker, Bose alarm clock, iPod speaker device, flat-screen TV, fax machine, very basic hair dryer, and nice roomy safe. They also provided a plastic-wrapped Rubbermaid mat for the shower which is reassuring for sanitary reasons. The location was fantastic, with a subway entrance just a few doors down, much closer than it appeared on the map. And the room furnishings were a bit more sterile than they appeared on the website, but the room itself was spacious and impeccably clean.Disappointing: Several of the front desk attendants gave off a snooty vibe, both in person and when calling the desk. The hand-held shower head had poor water pressure and lots of mineral deposits, making it nearly useless. The bed was uncomfortably hard and the total opposite of luxurious - we asked for a mattress pad and they added a super-thin layer under the sheets which did not help much at all. The 'entertainment planner' kept me waiting on hold then forgot my question not once but twice, and by the time they got back to me with info regarding jazz clubs, it had just become too late to make the show. The lighting in the bathroom was inadequate, and the main light was blocked by the makeup mirror which is just poor design. The temperature controls in the room were imprecise and had us waking up to adjust it several times each night. My iPod would not fit into the tight connection port on the speaker box, and the flat-screen TV was misconfigured so everything was stretched out and pixelated. (Not a big deal as we didn't travel to NYC to be couch potatoes, but it just shows lack of attention to detail.) They provided 4 plastic-wrapped Q-tips which I thought was a nice touch, but then did not bother to refill them when they were gone. Our first morning there, we were rudely awoken by loud noises of walkie-talkies right outside our door - right around 7AM - despite the 'do not disturb' light being on. Regarding the gigantic palatial bathroom (their 'killer feature'), I should mention that within the last month, we stayed at the Soho Met in Toronto, which boasts a bathroom with the identical configuration, which we loved and were looking forward to experiencing again. (Looks like the Four Seasons has the same one too.) However, the Bryant Park's version is in fact a slightly inferior copy - no heated floors, much poorer lighting, non-functional hand-held showerhead, clumsily-placed sink faucet, and a plain tub faucet instead of hand-held. It was a definite disappointment despite its acknowledged enormous dimensions for midtown Manhattan. Sometimes it's not just about size though.So, to recap: snooty / inefficient service, lack of attention to detail, and disappointments everywhere. Would I recommend it? Only reluctantly due to the great location and spaciousness - just don't expect anything mindblowing for the money and you should be okay.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>mareone44512
<Content>Perfect weekend at a perfect hotel As a travel agent for the past 30 years, we are always looking for a hidden gem and this is it. The location is perfect. The staff was wonderful. (special thanks to Chris-manager, Paul in reservations, Loretta in accounting- I talked to them so many times before arriving -I felt like we were family). Justin and Lloyd were excellent bellmen -with loads of information.Please keep in mind we were 2 women traveling with our kids-ages 11 and 15 and they LOVED it. This past weekend was a little cloudy and rainy and taxis were just not available. We were able to walk (or subway) everywhere. (Subway station three doors down).Three years ago we stayed at the Plaza and thought that was a great location--this beat it by far. Bryant Park is very charming and right across the street. PAX -great deli food- down the street . The rooms were spacious, neat and clean. Special thanks to the hidden maid for room 1502.Try Da Nico's in Little Italy for great food at an affordable price. Take the subway train F to SOHO to enjoy a new shopping experience. Little Italy is great but Chinatown for purses is very overwhelming and not at all a bargain. The purses are just not that great anymore and look fake--so we pasted on those.Don't just take my word for it--the next time you are planning a trip to NYC -try this great little hotel. (no big lobby--but who stays in their hotel lobby when they are in Manhattan.) Bryant Park Hotel----see you again in 2008!!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gregartistic
<Content>The Bryant Park Hotel Sublime Contemporary Style There is only one place to stay when visiting Manhattan New York, The Bryant Park Hotel situated next to the New York Public Library, 5th Avenue and the most chilled well thought out park space equal to to the best in any city in the world, the Bryant Park. The hotel is housed in the 1924 American Radiator building with its coat of black volcanic coloured walls and hair of gold trimmings on its gothic styled rooftopThe Bryant Park Hotel operation comes into action the moment you reach the entrance, with very helpful staff taking your luggage and welcoming you to its establishment. Upon entry, you enter a small lobby, which was designed with a sophisticated knowledge of interior design contrasting dark walls and red furnishings, which compliments each other extremely well. At the reception desk the staff, dressed in black smart uniforms greet you with a welcome smile and guidance upon checking you in.To go to your designated room, you walk a dimly lit walkway with a LCD TV screen showing the latest fashion shows with fashion magazines neatly laid out to flip through. Then you enter a darkly lit music accompanied background music elevators, which intensify the mystery of what to expect when you reach your room. I stayed in a junior suite and let me tell you, they identify this hotel as boutique, but in terms of space the room compares well to any large traditional hotel room your ever likely to visit. However, that is as far as comparisons go, for the interior was bright, airy with hardwood flooring, quality minimalist but practical and very comfortable furnishings, sumptuous beds and bedding all made from high quality material, large LCD TV and Bosse CD player. The bathroom has lots of lighting, marble, very large mirrors, lots of counter space, walk in glass door shower and lots of towels for various types of uses and not forgetting complimentary bath robes and slippers.The Bryant Park Hotel facilities also include the world-renowned very fashionable Koi restaurant with its sushi and fusion Asian cooking, which is an elevated experience not only in terms of your taste buds but also where your latest designer outfit compliments the decor and ambiance. There is also the Cellar Bar with its dark cavernous space, which is an upmarket club in itself, maintained by very attractive staff who serve great cocktails and supply fusion of music from rock to RnB to Hip Hop to classic Pop.This hotel was not designed for the masses, but for the truly sophisticated fashionable artistic elitist among us who know sublime contemporary style when they come upon it, that being The Bryant Park Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MD-NLG
<Content>fab hotel - great location Hotel is on the best small park in manhatten mid town and right where you need to be for exploring the city. The hotel is very individual and is has a really cool feel to it, no clutter, rooms are simply fitted out but stylish.Great beds, cottons, bathroom with huge bath and power shower. We had a junior suite, with good lounge area, plasmas wi fi and all the stuff that you expect to be there - is! Staff are discreet and helpful, cellar bar is great, but can be booked out privately quite often. If you are a Hilton, Marriot, bed in a box fan then give it a miss.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ed-London
<Content>Amazing Location - Funky Hotel - Great Experience A great stay at the Bryant Park Hotel.We were in New York for only 4 days, so wanted a place that was as central as possible - we really couldn't have done much better! As you can probably gather from their website - Bryant Park Hotel is very trendy, red-lit lifts, funky music in the Lobby, doorman that look more like bouncers (though were very pleasant) and lots of subdued lighting. If that's not your thing - I'd think carefully about booking here. There's even a late-night party menu of sushi and White-Castle (amongst others) which is guaranteed to appeal to the more hardcore party animals. I'm pleased to say however that this didn't mean the hotel was noisy through the night.The staff were great, though only 1 out of the 2 Concierges we met were particularly helpful / knowledgeable. However the front desk staff made up for it, helping us out with online airline check-in, printing boarding passes, looking after our luggage once we'd checked out, letting us use the fitness centre bathrooms to freshen up before our flight (9pm so we'd spent the day out after checking out in the morning) and just generally being helpful. Also there's two room services a day, as with many big-city hotels these days. We even had a third service on request one day which was nice. Rooms are great - very modern with LCD TV's and gorgeous, well equipped bathrooms. A minor niggle was that there was no free Internet access, with the hotel charging about US$10 / day for the service. That's outdated guys! Also - breakfast was pretty pricey, I'd recommend an amazing patisserie which was about 3 doors away (out the front of the hotel and go left) which did excellent pastries  coffee. Location wise - brilliant, on the corner of 5th Ave  40-42nd St, you can walk to Times Square in 5 minutes, Rockefeller Centre in 10, Grand Central in 10, both Macy's  Saks in 10. Plus you're within 10 minutes walk of nearly every major Subway line. Can't do much better!We both loved this hotel, my girlfriend has already said she'll be back to stay there for her Hen weekend in a few years time!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>JHilLondon
<Content>Fantastic Hotel/Service and Location! We stayed at the Bryant Park just a week ago and wish we were still there! Having been to NYC a few times, this was by far the best hotel and indeed location. We were greeted with slick and friendly staff who checked us in quickly and could not do enough to help us throughout our 4 day stay.We stayed in a Deluxe room which was excellent, minimal and top quality in every way. A luxurious feel bathroom with Molton Brown products and loads of space throughout. The hotel was extremely quiet particularly for such a central Mid Town location, it was a haven from the craziness outside. The Hotel's Cellar Bar was a great place to start your evening with once again great service.In terms of location it couldn't have been better, walking distance from all the Mid Town sights and sounds, a Subway station 30 seconds away to easily get around the rest of Manhattan, and fronted by the lovely Bryant Park itself. Overall we could not fault anything, it was an excellent trip, NYC was as exciting as ever, and the Bryant Park Hotel was simply spot on, we will definitely be going back there.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>momomami
<Content>great location great hotel       junior suite 2201 - bathroom  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>elastic
<Content>My newest favorite hotel in NYC My newest favorite hotel in NYC. The rooms are spacious, relaxing and quiet with great views over bryant park. The hotel is in a great location for tourists as so much is within walking distance.The staff are always smiling and every service exceptional.The Koi resturant a delight for sushi fans.I would be disapointed to stay anywhere else after being here.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jhonenv
<Content>An elevator like a tiny bordello, but otherwise thumbs up! First and foremost, do NOT order the room service pancakes. I know, sometimes it's early, and you're starving and already late, and you think , oh, how bad can those pancakes be? They're like $99! They have to be at least okay! Wrong wrong wrong! Dinner service (from Koi) was a zillion times better, though portions were on the small side.The hub and I checked in with our toddler the day after Fashion Week ended. The staff was very nice the whole time. Let me tell you something though - don't book a room located at the front of the hotel for the day after Fashion Week, or whenever they're setting up/taking down something in the park. It is crazy noisy. I'm used to city noise, but it'll definitely bother folks who aren't. Someone commented that the sound machines in the room seem cheesy, but they're there for a reason - you'll drop to your knees and weep with gratitude when you need them! Granted, we were on the fourth floor right by the park, so all the action was right there.I liked the Molton Brown bath amenities, but they weren't replaced the second day, which was a bummer, 'cause hey - Molton Brown! This is perhaps because there's a shelf of Molton Brown for sale in your bathroom, conveniently enough. The bathrooms are huge and amazing: marble everything, deep tubs, rainspout showers, or whatever those are called.I find it amusing that the hotel sells sex toys but doesn't stock them in the room; you have to call down and have someone bring the stuff to you, which seems like it would be awkward. There are scads of free magazines by the elevators wih titles so hip I've never heard of them. Security is pretty good; you have to flash your key in order to get upstairs. The elevators are hilarious: tiny, dark and lit red, club music that sounds like it's playing in a tin can. The rooms themselves are spacious and lovely. We got the room a level up from standard, and it felt like a junior suite with a sitting area and big foyer. Again, the staff seemed genuinely pleasant and were always helpful and nice to interact with. Great hotel, but somewhat of a splurge.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eaudeclaire
<Content>favorite ny hotel I stayed at the Bryant Park Hotel for 10 days in April for a special occasion and then have stayed there since about 5 more times. This is my favorite NYC hotel. The front desk personnel to the handsome men who open the doors and take your luggage to the sweet and accomodating housekeepers are all incredibly helpful and professional. The rooms are chic and modern and include nice little extras like privacy buttons right next to your bed and your choice of falling asleep to the sounds of ocean waves or soft rainfall. Most rooms have beautuful views of Bryant Park. The bathrooms are large and sleek with rainshower heads, deep tubs and the most wonderful Molton Brown bath products. The bathrobes are soft and the LIGHTEST hotel bathrobe I've ever worn. You know how you wear a hotel bathrobe and it's so heavy and uncomfortable you'd rather wear nothing? These robes you will want to buy. There is a wonderful Japanese restaurant and a classy night club right on premises. I love this hotel for its location, its look and feel, but mostly because of the wonderful, happy and professional staff in every department!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveltree
<Content>Book this hotel today. Over the years I have stayed in so many lovely hotels in Manhattan I feel a little jaded. Yet, mention the Bryant Park Hotel and I feel giddy with excitement. This hotel is my new love. This hotel is absolutely perfect. The staff, the service, the amenities, the location, the rooms, the design, it's all perfect. Rumor has it that Leonardo DiCaprio stays here.Hmmm. To top it all off, the brilliantly redesigned Bryant Park sits across the street beckoning me over for my morning coffee, I succumb.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KLTexas
<Content>Super Weekend I need to tell you how much fun we had staying at Bryant Park. Every single employee we encountered was nicer than the last. Of the many times I have stayed in NYC, this was perhaps the most enjoyable. It would be hard to give you names of the best employees, because all were so nice - from the doormen to the people at registration to the concierge. I would love to return. K L  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SJRTraveler
<Content>Fantastic Stay and a Great Location for the Money!! I can't say enough about the staff at this hotel. They really make you feel welcomed and are extremely attentive. And, the rooms are spacious with very large bathrooms. This is rare for New York City where the standard m.o seems to be small, smaller and smallest. My room had an Ipod docking station, flat screen t.v and a very comfortable bed. For the price, you can't beat it and I would absolutely stay there again. You are only a few blocks from Broadway and Times Square but the property is tucked away on a side street that is quiet and peaceful. I've stayed at other trendy spots such as the Hudson where the staff definitely sports an attitude. You will not find that here. This is a hidden gem and I will definitely return to the Bryant on my next trip to New York.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cate-h
<Content>Loved it! We spent 3 nights here at the end of July. Everything about the place was awesome. The rooms - modern, with a great bathtub and plasma screen tvThe staff - so friendly and helpful, at all timesThe location - across from Bryant park, which is really nice, and right near the subwayI really have no complaints, and I would definitely stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LondonBrownOwl
<Content>I Heart Bryant Park Yes i spent many hours searching for the best hotel deal in NY, what with this being my first time there and all. I was worried about being in the right area especially because I was a female travelling alone. I arrived at the BP late on Thursday night (coming from London) and had pre arranged a massage in my room. Fab! went straight to sleep after and this meant I awoke nice and early and was able to go across to the park and see John Legend play for the summer in the park shows. It was such a great atmosphere. The hotel room was definately big enough (i had a standard room) and the bed was amazingly comfortable. I didnt hear any noise from the bar below (had been worried about this before arriving). Everything i needed was there, and the staff were all extremely helpful and friendly. I could only book 4 nights here and then the other 5 i stayed at the Casablanca, which was also great but i kind of wish i could have stayed at the BP the whole time, as it was probably better for a single 30 yo woman, and the other hotel better for families/couples. I also loved the Pax food shop on the corner, great for getting breakfast and going to sit in the park! Great experience at this hotel and would love to stay there again. By the way, i paid $295 pl tax per night and at this time of year was good enough compared to some other 4/5 star hotels.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LuxuryBargainsPlease
<Content>Perfect location, great value Although I'm not that familiar with New York prices, this hotel seemed very reasonable for a 4* in midtown Manhattan: we paid approx GBP125 (USD240) per room per night for a 'Superior' room (booked as a package via Expedia). Not sure if they're always that competitive but it seems so based on other reviews. For the price you get a great location: obviously midtown Manhattan is convenient (the Villages and Soho to the South, Central Park to the North, Broadway theatres and Madisson/Park Avenue shops on the doorstep etc) but this hotel's biggest advantage is Bryant Park itself, one of New York's finest. Well manicured, cultured and calming, largely due to the spillover from the city's beautiful public library that occupies the eastern end - it's a great retreat at any time of the day. Apart from the benefits of its location, the hotel also has a lot of style: an historic skyscraper (Art Deco) painted in black with gold highlights; a hip and young crowd in the cellar bar (maybe too young?); attentive and friendly staff. The room we had was great too but partly because we got lucky - our window opened onto a terraced area with a table and chairs (only a few floors have these, ours was on the 14th). The room was in the 'Superior' category (the lowest) which was a good enough size (but may have felt small without the terrace) and had all the amenities you'd expect of a modern 4*: flatscreen TV, luxury toiletries (Molton Brown), bathrobes, minibar with ice bucket etc. All in all, I rated this hotel very highly. The staff were great - very responsive to any request and almost always friendly (that's special for New York!). It has a great midtown location with a charming park immediately opposite (which reduces the noise levels, also special for New York). With all this, the room rate represented great value.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>julie-bugg
<Content>Favorite Manhattan Hotel!!!! I visit New York City at least once a year and I wish I had known about this hotel sooner! The other hotels I have stayed in are The Waldorf Towers, The St. Regis, The Marriott Marquis, and The Ritz-Carlton Central Park. THIS hotel tops them all! Love the location - right in the center of Midtown, LOVE LOVE LOVE The Bryant Park across the street. The entire park has wireless internet, four refreshment kiosks which serve breakfast, many lunch and snack selections including delicious hot pastrami on rye and signature salads and soups, smoothies, many coffee selections, etc, etc, an old fashioned merry-go-round, four acres of beautiful shady landscaped park complete with spraying fountains and plenty of tables and chairs so that everyone can find seating somewhere in this peaceful oasis in the center of all the noise, bustle and madness that is Manhattan. Since the hotel is across the street it too shares this same peaceful feeling - approaching the doors of the hotel (which are always attended by very fun and friendly doormen who go out of their way to be helpful and make you feel welcome -and who always remembered our names) you immediately begin to feel the calming effect the shady green park provides this very lucky street in Midtown. Its like finding a special escape every time you return to the hotel.Now for the rooms - WOW - I had a junior suite, huge, with gorgeous decor and hardwood floors, floor to ceiling windows (our ceiling had to be 12 feet high at least) a huge huge huge terrace, and a bathroom that is UNBELIEVABLY HUGE the shower is big enough for two people, the tub might just be big enough for three people! wonderful Molten Brown toiletries, fabulous beds and pillows - just an amazing room. I could go on and on. The location, room, service and attention to detail make this hotel an exceptional value - I highly recommend it ! Oh, and the dark elevators with the techno music are a very cool and trendy touch! Enjoy this wonderful gem!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MilesWillcod
<Content>Fantastic hotel and service Stayed at the Bryant Park for a week as a tourist and thought this was one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. The staff were incredibly helpful and welcoming, the front rooms are spacious and have a phenomenal view of Bryant Park and the location is perfect for visiting Manhattan.The nice touches really made the stay, from the luxurious bath and shower to the incredibly helpful concierge / entertainment planners (thanks Marco!) who recommended genuinely great places to go every day.The only thing I didn't like was the internet in the room - the in-built browser is a bit old so to check emails we had to use a kiosk a couple of doors down.I doubt the feel of the hotel would suit all - it feels like a very trendy bar - but as a young couple staying in NYC for the first time it was perfect and next time I'm in New York (business or pleasure) I'll definitely stay here.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>TO2
<Content>Trendy hotel Great location, beautiful interiors. I stayed there twice once as a tourist in NY and once in June 07 when i was in NY for business and i didn't think there were set up for business traveler. I called at 6 a.m and asked for an iron and i left my room at 7 and the iron was not there yet. Internet conncetion was very bad and no one there to help. I couldn't check my email for 2 days i was there. As a tourist the first time i loved it, everything was great.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>CMRAB
<Content>Great experience The customer service at this hotel was excellent. The reservations staff were professional, friendly and attentive to details. The Entertainment Planning/Concierge was also very helpful and took care of all our requests. The rooms were spacious, clean, high-tech, and quiet. The Cellar Bar was a great spot for a late night drink - very hip. Location of the hotel is one of the best in the city - we would definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Barjos
<Content>Just Wonderful! We booked a block of rooms at the Bryant Park for my daughter's wedding. Everyone was thrilled with the spacious rooms; the beautiful views of the Park; the high tech gadgets and best of all the central location. It was an easy walk to theatre, Museum of Modern Art, and Fifth Ave. shopping. Thank you to the kind concierge staff for putting up with all our wedding frenziness. I know that all our guests will return to the Bryant Park for future New York visits.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TraveLogic
<Content>Definitely worth the money!! I have stayed at many hotels, and I give this one the highest rating. At the end of a busy day in New York City, we looked forward to returning to the hotel. It was trendy and calming, with a peaceful, clean, minimalist furnishing style. Fun, professional doormen offered a personal greeting at the door welcoming us back. The hotel has all the comforts you want - amazing hot showers, a deep soaking tub and updated electronics. The bed and sheets were amazing!! We highly recommend it!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hipmom2
<Content>Great Location Midtown, Trendy Spot Great place to stay in midtown Manhattan. Excellent rooms, friendly staff, spacious room compared to other places. Trendy and modern atmosphere, fashion magazines in lobby, etc.I would definitely stay there in the future. Restaurant Koi is great, and Cellar Lounge is hip for dancing/late night drinks.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LAtraveler2CA
<Content>Perfection in the Park! The Bryant Park Hotel is an oasis inside the city. Located next to beautiful Bryant Park in Midtown, you get a great location, the amenities of a premium brand hotel and the comfort and ambiance of a boutique hotel. I am very picky when it comes to hotels and this one gets gets top marks across the board. The staff is friendly, courteous and on the ball. The rooms (I stayed in a Junior King Suite) are beautifully appointed, extremely spacious and packed with great Molton  Brown amenities, gorgeous towels and great bathroom fixtures. The wood floors are a welcome relief from the typical dusty carpets that you get in most hotels. The room is very quiet; I never heard another person on either side, top, bottom, or in the hallway. The room was designed with the minimilist approach (meaning you won't find heavy, ornate furniture), which compliments the overall aesthetics perfectly. NYC hotels can be tricky and sometimes even some of the best known ones are disappointing. The Bryant Park Hotel is the perfect anecdote for anyone who is tired of big, convention-style hotels and leery of smaller unknown boutique hotels. I would highly recommend it and plan to stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cat22_7
<Content>Excellent Boutique Hotel Hotel was Hip and trendy without being over the top. Excellent friendly staff. Room was lovely and cool and clean with really nice bathroom! Great bar and restaurant. Beautiful park opposite the hotel which is great fro coffee and a danish in the morning. Central to most things-you can walk to 5th Ave, Rockafella, broadway, times Square and Grand Central Stn. Definitly will be staying there again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>becingber
<Content>Best hotel in New York! I LOVE THE BRYANT PARK! My husband and I stayed at the hotel the weekend of our wedding, and it was perfect. The location - right off Bryant Park with a view of the park, the library, and the beautiful skyline - is fantastic and extremely convenient, the staff is wonderful and helpful, and the rooms are spectacular (including the bathrooms with skyline views) - if you are lucky you will book one with a terrace over the park. Thank you to the Bryant Park for making our wedding weekend wonderful!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jakester20
<Content>Bryant Park Hotel 鈥?Great Location. Great New York Value! I stayed at the Bryant Park in mid July 2007 for two days for a business trip to NYC. Enjoyed to hotel very much; probably similar to others in reviews. I鈥檒l give a few comments.LocationYour two blocks from Times Square and 陆 block from the subway. Could not be more convenient. The park has been transformed from a very seedy place in the 80鈥檚 to a terrific amenity. Unfortunately, I was swayed by a few reviews and requested a room not facing the park. A big mistake, as would have been terrific view overlooking park. Also, Monday nights during summer show movies in park. Monday I was at hotel had 鈥淭o Sir with Love鈥?with Sidney Pointier. Was a terrific scene.RoomMy room was nice and well detailed. Not sure if was standard, but for $295/night rate at that location was very pleased. Enjoyed sound machine in room, as whatever noise there was totally blocked out. Slept very well.Staff  AmenitiesContrary to other reviews, I found the staff very friendly. No attitude at all. Gave directions when needed and service on demand. Liked very much fitness center on floor five without a charge. Very not New York. All other amenities terrific.SummaryAll in all enjoyed the hotel very much. Felt was terrific value and would definitely stay there again. Hotel would work well for business trip or weekend New York experience.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thesnydees
<Content>Almost perfect I loved this hotel. The room was clean and contemporary with a great view of Bryant Park. The bathroom was gorgeous. Perfect location. I found the staff to be friendly with the exception of some of the people that worked in the Cellar Bar. It's not that they were rude, just not really friendly either. When the bar started getting crowded around 11:30 - they literally came over and took our barstools out from under us. I was a little put off by this. I realize they probably wanted to clear the bar area, but then why have the stools there in the first place? We had been sitting there for nearly 2 hours. The only other complaint I have was the noise. We were on the 4th floor overlooking the park and around 4:30 am the noise was unbearable. I'm not even sure what it was since I didn't get up to look, but it was the sound of bottles breaking and trash trucks I believe. It seemed as if we had our windows open even though we did not. If you're used to living in a city, maybe this would be ok for you, but I did not get a good night sleep at all.If it weren't for the noise and the bar stool thing - I would give this hotel an excellent rating. I would probably stay there again, but ask for a room not facing the street this time. It was well worth the money.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Foolosophy
<Content>Cool, clean and close. Stayed there during Independence week with my teenage daughter, and we both loved it. The staff was always smiling and we were treated like celebrities - a few extra tips can get you a long way.When we checked in, the bell boy gave us a tour in our room - the iPod dock, the stereo, the safe, the sound machine, the do-not-disturb-light etc., and there was a box of chocolate and a card from the hotel manager. When we left the room each morning, the maiden would clean the room - and we would come back in the afternoon with all the shopping bags and to rest before going out again - when we came back later in the evening, she had made the beds again and tidied the room once more. Now, that's service.Maybe it's because I'm Danish, but the wooden floors and minimalistic style made us feel at home. The room was very spacious and very clean - especially compared to other NYC hotels, we've stayed in. Is the elevator dark? Rather, but the teenager liked the red light and the disco music and was dancing every time we rode the elevator. Can you hear street noise? It's Midtown....but it wasn't much and we were on 7th floor on the view side,. Can you hear the Bryant Park showing outdoor movie monday nights? Sure, but just go see the movie with the locals. Is the lobby really so small, you can't sit anywhere or meet with friends? Why not use the trendy bar downstairs or the great park across the street instead.Oh, and there's a free newspaper outside your door every morning, and you should bring it, when you're having your breakfast in the park - you can buy fresh fruit, bagels, juice, coffee, omelet, pancakes etc. several places just next to the hotel (besides the breakfast in the hotel restaurant gets boring after a few days.....not to mension expensive).The only problem.....and this problem has occured in every hotel, I have ever stayed in......is the night hawks. Yes, my fellow travellers (you know who you are), when you come back to your room 3 o'clock in the night, it's not cool to bring the party to your room or to be noisy and to waken the rest of the floor. By the way, we never heard any noise from the night club or the cellar bar.Will I stay there again? I won't stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amanda1philly
<Content>AMAZING PLACE The Bryant Park Hotel is not only the best people watch place, but the atmosphere alone will have you coming back for more. It is elegant and truly fantastic. The staff were nice and terrifically helpful. I couldn't imagine coming to nyc and not staying at this hotel. Did I mention it is placed in the best location in the city? You will not be dissapointed with this hot spot.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nhunixguy
<Content>Perfect, though a bit too trendy The Bryant Park Hotel has the ideal midtown Manhattan location, everyone is friendly and helpful, and the rooms are clean and modern. You can't go wrong when all of the important points are so well covered. Of course, you pay for it. We were there during the 4th of July week and we got what they call a junior suite for $359/night. It was only one big room so I'm not sure why they call it a suite, but it was a bright and clean room. The decor was trendy minimalist. Bare walls, Molton Brown toiletries, a Toto toilet, and a safe, but no coffeemaker. We didn't ask for one and they probably would have sent one up, but it's midtown and there's coffee everywhere. We discovered that if we took the complimentary newspaper with us, we could buy coffee and read the paper across the street in Bryant Park. Maybe it was good that we couldn't make coffee in the room, but it would have been nice to have the option.We never noticed any problem with people going to the bar downstairs, setup for the Friday morning concert (Norah Jones) in the park across the street wasn't silent, but it wasn't bad. We stayed 3 nights and even though security people were making sure that only guests could use the elevators, I'd think that they might have started to recognize us before we checked out. Of course it's very dark by (and in) the elevators, so maybe they just couldn't see us. Anyone who enjoyed the Rocpool Reserve in Inverness would be likely to like this hotel too.Would I go back? Yes, when the price is right. It's not for everyone and I'd actually like a warm and welcoming atmosphere better that the cold trendiness, but I don't think I've stayed anywhere in midtown that I liked better.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>rynneth
<Content>Hotel great shame about some of the staff Having read mostly good reviews on the site, we decided to overlook some reviews about the superior and unhelpful attitudes of some of the staff - we really wish we hadnt!The room was very comfortable with good facilities and a great bathroom and in a great location. Some of the staff were professional and helpful, but we felt badly let down by three things which happened.We chose the hotel as we understood from the web site that all rooms had bathtubs, and as I have a back problem this was important to us so that I could relax after walking around the city. When we arrived we were allocated a room without bath. When we asked we were changed to another room the next day, which we were pleased about, and were told by staff that they would move us whilst we went out. On our return, it was clear that staff on the next shift had not been informed about the move and as my partner didnt have his passport (although I did and the room was secured with my credit card) we were made to wait 10-15 minutes whilst security came so we could be escorted to our room. When we got up to our room and my partner looked for our passport the security man said it didn鈥檛 matter and left without seeing it! The woman on reception who dealt with us was curt and unhelpful. Incidentally, we overheard this same member of staff making uflattering comments about another guest which we felt to be completely unprofessional!On returning to the hotel on our last night we decided to visit the cellar bar at 10.30 pm. As we waited at the bar, the bar woman came up and said 鈥榮orry we are closed鈥? despite the fact that there were other people drinking in the bar. As we left we watched another couple come in and they were served. We complained to staff on the desk who explained that as there was a film in Bryant Park they were trying to stop people using the toilets. We felt this to be a very poor excuse as she only needed to ask to see our door keys . Clearly depsite being dressed up we weren't cool enough for this pretentious 'hotspot'!On checking out we were presented with a bill of $300 more than the price we had been given on our reservation. When we pointed this out, despite having a copy of the correct bill which we had signed when we arrived, the woman on the desk argued with us and denied that the bill was incorrect. She only changed the bill when she had reluctantly phoned reservations and had the correct price confirmed. This took her two more attempts as she was unsure of how to do this. We have complained to the hotel on our return to the UK . We were pleased that the manager took the trouble to call us and we have been offered an upgrade and a complimentary night's stay on a future visit - but there's no way we'd go back and wouldn't reccomend this hotel to anyone else.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>Sinik
<Content>Nice stay, shame about the noise From the louder than average piped music in the reception, staff wearing trendy, designer-black uniforms, the Braynt Park has more of a nightclub feel about it than your usual hotel.No expense seems to have been spared fitting out the rooms, Bose sound system, iPod dock, plasma tv putting this way ahead of most hotels. Shame that a bit more money wasn't spent on a bit of sound proofing via the windows. As mentioned by a previous reviewer, the summer attractions in the park opposite created a bit of a racket. I returned to my room at 10.30pm (on a Monday) to be greeted by a highly audible noise from the outdoor, free film screening outside. Fortunately, the film ended by 10.45pm and maybe the wooden floor in the room only served to heighten the echoes. However, the noise of sirens, garbage trucks and the like woke me up on several occasions before I gave up at 7am. Maybe that's why they provided earplugs in the room - pity I didn't find them untl I left!Room and bathroom were certainly big enough, with high ceilings to boot. Breakfast (not included) in the restaurant downstairs was certainly very good (not cheap, though nice when your firm's paying).Only 2 small elevators served my floor. These get a bit busy around peak time, andhad to let them go a couple of times as they were already full. Would have taken the stairs but for suitcase and bag.Overall the experience of this hotel was a good one - you couldn't fault the cleanliness or helpfulness of the staff. Don't think I would have justified the cost of staying here though if it wasn't the company paying.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Fred_Kite
<Content>Great room, beware Friday morning noise at the front       Junior Suite bed and TV  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>OhLoveNYC
<Content>Modern, Clean, Awesome! First time stay at Bryant Park Hotel (06/07) was excellent! The lobby/check-in area is much smaller than other hotels at comparable prices, but it was more than sufficient. The red  brown decor is gorgeous  the front desk staff was extremely helpful  friendly! We had a superior room on the 10th floor that was modern  very clean, with a HUGE bathroom, large tub, comfy bed with awesome pillows  great robes!! For a quick, inexpensive meal, I recommend the very popular Cosmic Diner (8th  52nd), Good food, hearty portions, but noon rush on weekends felt somewhat Soup Nazi-ish. But hey, it's New York!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ILuv2trvl_7
<Content>Love the Bryant Park Hotel!!! The Bryant Park Hotel is a great place to stay in a location close to Rockefeller Center, 5th Ave. shops and overall midtown sites. I live in NJ but stay here whenever I feel like being in the city and enjoying the clubs and NY experience. When financially possible, stay in the Bryant Park suites which have a great view to Bryant Park and (some have 2 bathrooms) and all suites have flat screen tvs in both the bedroom and living room. I've stayed in rooms on the 20th, 21st, 14th and 16th floors. Keep in mind that ALL the rooms are unique and some even have terraces overlooking the city!The decor is quite modern, so if you're looking for a traditional hotel do NOT stay here. Models and fashion executives stay here during Fashion Week for easy access to the Bryant Park fashion shows. The bed is comfortable, the bathroom is fantastic with separate shower and large bathtub if you wish to have a nice, hot bath after your long day in the city, The staff is great and can accomodate all needs and special requests. I love the bathrobes and I'm now hooked to the Molton Brown bathroom amenities which you can find at Saks Fifth Avenue or the Molton Brown store in midtown Manhattan.The minibar is well stacked with all your favorite spirits - albeit somewhat expensive. Bring your iPod to enjoy the iPod stereo system in the bedroom. Room service food is above any hotel standards and includes sushi rolls, chicken dishes and your basic american cuisine.This is a fantastic hotel, catering to those who desire modern decor and ambiance in a hot spot setting for a fabulous night in NY!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JSPrima
<Content>The Bryant Park Hotel is excellent. Wow, this a great hotel! I paid $299 for a room that was large and perfectly furnished. Great bathroom as well (size and Molton Brown products!!). Unlike the W - which is the hotel I usually use - it was clean and kept up (the W in Times Square always has rooms that are so fithly and damaged by previous guests). The staff were super friendly and very competent. This will be my NYC hotel going forward. It's so much better, I'm willing to forego the SPG points!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theresama40
<Content>Large rooms; fabulous location The Bryant Park Hotel was a terrific choice for my one-night trip to NYC. Why?1. Great location: Especially good if you're taking the train into town and traveling light, as I was. You can easily walk to the hotel from both Penn and Grand Central Station. It was also great to be right across the street from Bryant Park on a beautiful spring day -- the perfect place to take a break to read your book or have a cup of coffee.2. A very spacious and comfortable room with an enormous bathroom, with both tub and shower. I was in a Deluxe room on one of the mid-level floors, so lots of sunlight. The bed was extremely comfortable, and there was an iPod player.3. Security. You have to show your room key at all times to get to the guest elevators.What would I change?1. Room decor. The bare white walls had the feel of a dorm room, without even posters to add a little visual interest. The traditional tan/cream marble used in the bath didn't seem to match the rest of the decor.2. The complete lack of a lobby. I don't even remember any chairs in the reception area. I'm not quite sure where you would sit and wait for someone; maybe in the restaurant?With a one-night stay, I didn't have much of a chance to assess service, but I'm inclined to go back.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>brooks1_uk
<Content>What a great hotel! My wife and I decided to spend a long weekend in NY over the Bank Holiday. Last time we stayed in the Algonquin which was nice but the room was tiny. Given that the jet lag is quite bad coming from the UK, we decided to spend a wee bit more so that we could have a nice big room to lounge about in. We paid about 拢270 a night for a Junior Suite which is prob the most we have ever spent on a hotel room. However, it really was money well spent; the room was massive, the bed very comfortable, there was the obligatory plasma on the wall but best of all was the terrace. A really good size affording great views over the park from the 19th floor.The hotel itself was very chic. We did not use the restaraunt but did try out the cellar bar which was definitely a good place for New Yorkers to go posing. The location of the hotel is pretty much ideal and the park itself is really spot on: attractive, green, compact and a welcome oasis in amongst all the sky scrapers dotted around mid town.Would defintitely recommend this hotel but we did have to spend quite a bit for the luxury.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CCGPittsburgh
<Content>What a great surprise!!! Just stayed at the Bryant Park Hotel for the first time -- no reason to ever try another hotel. Huge new bathroom, clean, quiet ,and, the best part of all, the most comfortable bed I've ever experienced (in a room under $400/night. Sheets were luxurious and pillows to die for. Great location -- across from the park and centrally located. Didn't have an opportunity to try the restaurant -- maybe next time. Not much interaction with the front desk but the doorman was great! Will definitely return! C  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katinova
<Content>I LOVE this hotel!       Flat Panel TV  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dave3456
<Content>Great modern hotel Fantastically smart modern hotel, great location. Ideal for youngish couples etc, service is good and there when you need it. Probably not the hotel for everyone if you like ' traditional hotels ' , personally the room is the most important thing for us, and 10/10 for the room in the Bryant ( although we did get upgraded to a junior suite with a terrace) on the 19th floor. Huge bathroom, Egyptian cotton sheets, I Pod dock, great TV, room cleaned twice a day, ( WHAT MORE CAN YOU WANT!!) Didnt try the restaurant, but the cellar bar is very chic. Overall would recommend 100%.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Engetxu
<Content>Perfect stay, perfect location We have just returned from a week at The Bryant Park Hotel. The rooms where quite nice, minimalistic and very, very clean. The beds were absolutely wonderful.KOI Restaurant is great!!! And the Cellar Bar too!!!Staff was really friendly and helpful. Highly reccommended!!!!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FreqFlyerGirl
<Content>Oh, so 1998 big attitude Location is close to my office, that was good but thats it.Very rude reservationist booked room.Got to hotel room not ready at 4pm.Tiny room, paper thin walls.More of a 3 star hotel.Not worth 375.00Sofitel is close and a much better choice.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	-1	3	

<Author>JA007
<Content>Looks great but but not comfortable Nice hotel but more flash than substance. Fresh looking hotel rooms look good but the beds and furniture was very uncomfortable and noisy. The staff seems way to cool to answer questions.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>chillatime
<Content>forget about it i wrote a review but for some reason it did not get posted...this place stinks from the moment we went throgh the front doors there was paper and dirty floors....the room was tiny for the price,the bed messed my back up...no furniture at all...shower was horrible...room service really bad,you would think that for $30 for a continental breakfst it would be right!wrong...if this place is hip,they got it all wrong...the only goodthing i can say is the location is fantastic other than that,forget about it...maybe they will post this review this time..they need to go to san francisco and learn what hip is!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	2	3	

<Author>DaveyBoySydney
<Content>Great Stay Great View Stayed 8 nights in March / April and had an enjoyable stay.Was in room 1605 in a deluxe with a view and what a view from the bed area and the massive bathroom.Found the bed OK but the room was excellent in amenities and style, which is minimalistic, which I like.There is a number of cheap options for breakfast close by and room service is very expensive although it's NYC.There is a dry cleaner who will do your' wash and fold on W39th St b/w 5th  6th Ave's for a reasonable price.All in all a very nice stay, in a great room with a great view.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>cpete
<Content>excellent stay overall I was somewhat worried about the minimalist decor/coolness of this property, but it quickly won me over. Our Bryant suite was nicely appointed, if slightly stark. The bed was of excellent quality and the linnens were divine. The flatscreens in the LR and bedroom were perfect. The lighting/heating systems and controls were extremely fine and tremendously appreciated. I have never enjoyed a hotel bathroom so much...from the heavenly tub to the stereo system to the plush robes (which I normally don't use). All care has been taken to provide top quality modernity throught the hotel. My only beef was service. While the staff is quite friendly and natural, some kinks need to be worked out. We had made it clear that we had a special celebration during our stay. While we greatly appreciated being given a very good rate on a Bryant Suite, not even a congradulations card, much less flowers, wine or chocolate were in the suite. We quickly ordered Godiva chocolates and were brought the wrong kind. Only later that evening could we look forward to finally digging into the replacement. When we returned to the room we found a small box of quite boring flat chocolate squares...not exactly what we had in my mind. We laughed about the $30 or so we were paying for it and let it go. The remainder (most) of our continental breakfast was removed from the room despite a note I left on it to please leave it for us. A series of calls and miscommunications ensued (including a call to us at 7 a.m. the next morning) which I was not in the mood for, just to have those things replaced. That said I feel the staff truly wants to be top notch and with perseverance and committment to it, they will in time.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Olski
<Content>Recommended Stayed here for 6 nights while on holiday in April. Had an excellent room (#1705) - a deluxe queen with views of the park. We went through Expedia and paid around $300 but this was on a special deal. On arrival we were offered an upgrade to a junior suite for $100 extra per night which we declined. The staff were ultra-professional in every way.No problems with street noise and liked that we could open the windows. The candid traveler photos give an excellent idea of what the room is like - quite minimalist but clean, comfortable, good TV, iPod dock, Bose CD/radio. The bathroom is amazing - large, has 2 windows, massive bathtub and shower, Molton Brown toiletries - a definite selling point. Fresh linen  towels were provided each day, and a bucket of ice in the evening. Location is ideal for tourists - easy to walk to Times Sq, 5th Av, ESB etc and subway station on the same block. You can get a great breakfast at Pax wholesome foods (right next to subway) for less than $10. We went to the hotel's Cellar Bar on Friday evening, it was quite fun but very loud, expensive and full of young 20-somethings going crazy. Didn't check out the hotel restaurant, but always seemed busy.Recommendations for eating/drinking (ideal for both):'Cesca (relaxed Italian in the UWS, W 75th St, b/w Amsterdam  Columbus)Kittichai (trendy Thai in the Village, Thompson St, b/w Broome  Spring)Kemia (bohemian Moroccan in Hell's Kitchen, corner of 9th Ave  44th St )The Bar Room restaurant at MoMA was also excellent.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>TravelReview76
<Content>Disappointing I wish I had read ALL these reviews before booking.I can relate to all the negative points raised by the reviews below and a few more.Upon arrival the check-in desk could not find our reservation. We did not have our booking email with us. Instead of inviting us to access our email account from their computer they pointed us down the road to the nearest internet cafe. The reservation had been booked on my girlfriends CC but the hotel reservation was in my mine (no idea why).We arrived in our room at approximately 2 or 3pm. The room looked dark even with the curtains open because the view consisted of neighbouring buildings on two sides (Not a major point as we intended to spend very little time there but certainly nothing like the pictures).After heading out for the remainder of the day we arrived back on the Thursday night to a melee outside the door. A queue to get in to the 'cellar bar'. We were going back to our room so didn't appreciate being grabbed by the arm on the way in to verify we were residents.Checking out day was interesting too. Being honest people we were amazed to discover a room service bill of only $20 when we knew it was at least $60. We paid what we thought it was anyway.The plan was to leave our bags with the luggage staff (excellent by the way, the only redeeming feature of the place) and use the remaining ours for last minute shopping. When we arrived back at 4pm my girlfriend asked to use the bathroom. She was instructed to use the Cellar Bar. Two minutes later she is back at the desk as they were closed (for cleaning I presume). She was then sent up to the 5th floor gym. Again she was back in a couple of minutes as you need a key to access that floor and we had already checked out. The receptionist knew this as we had all our bags with us and were waiting for a cab.From our experience it seemed like the hotel was an after-thought. If they are serious in charging those room prices then they need to improve the standard of customer care at reception rather than employing staff who just look good. They should certainly have a different entrance to the cellar bar from the main hotel entrance. Whilst I don't expect to always get a great view it would at least be nice to know what views are available and decide at that point whether or not to proceed with the booking.All in all, a disappointing stay. NY was great though.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>Buben
<Content>Very Nice NYC Hotel I stayed for one night at the Bryant Park in April 2007. I had room 1705, which is a deluxe queen room with a park view. The rate I had was $400, which isn't a bargain, but I was traveling on business. The room was everything I could have wanted. It had three enormous windows with great views, modern decor (hardwood floors and minimalist design), a nice small table on which I could work, and a great bathroom. The bathroom had a very deep tub and a separate shower stall with a rain shower. It also had two big windows, which is a sort of different touch from most hotel room bathrooms. The service was polite and efficient. I have stayed in a number of NY hotels for work and pleasure, and I would definitely rate this among the very best I've stayed at. The hotel doesn't have a business center, if that matters to you -- but there is a Kinkos right nearby. The hotel charges for wireless internet access, which I dislike. The hotel restaurant Koi was a decent (if overly trendy and dark) sushi restaurant. The location isn't the greatest -- sort of a boring midtown area, but if you get a deal on this hotel, you should snap it up!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>recklessweimie
<Content>A Great Stay Just had a one night stay the The Bryant Park; it was the second visit to this hotel for my wife and myself. We have been going to NYC to get away for a few days for 20 years now. We loved the Paramount years ago when it was new and ffresh, and have tried all of the Ian Schrager hotels. We have found a new favorite in The Bryant Park. We were upgraded on arrival to a junior suite (we had booked a standard rom through the Tablet website) and it was a corner room on the 19th floor overlooking the park. Spacious, sufficently luxurious, and, best of all, with an ipod speaker system! About time that a hotel figured out that people bring their ipods, and that having a $100 system in the room that accepts ipods would be a good amenity to have.Excellent front desk people, excellent linens, a noise machine provided, the room had been de-feathered (wife allergic to down) as requested, and a great shower.Some minor negatives - the scones were sub-par, the toilet ran unless you jiggled the handle, there was only one bar of soap, and the battery in the tv remote (a large plasma screen, btw) needed replacing.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rajia21
<Content>Perfect stay I did a ton of research before making my decision on where to stay. I think I read every NYC trip review on this site. My husband and I spent the weekend in a Junior Suite. We reserved a deluxe queen, but they upgraded us without our even asking. We stayed in room 1606, which is a smoking room. I would advise anyone who really doesn't like the smell of smoke to not chance a smoking room because the smell was quite strong. However, my husband smokes, so it was nice for him to be able to do so in the room, unlike in many other NYC hotels which have gone smoke free.Valet and check in was smooth. The doorman even suggested that we try to park on the street to save money, which I thought was a kind gesture, but we opted for Valet anyway. The Lobby: Very small, not grandiose, but sleek, and to the point. Front desk staff was kind and helpful (not to mention quite attractive!). We were checked in and to the room in five minutes. The room: Gorgeous! Beautiful hardwood floors, king bed, revolving LCD screen could be seen from the bed, the chaise, and the bathtub, which I loved. The lighting in the room was nice and low. They left a full box of chocolates and a personalized welcome note from the manager at bedside. The room had four huge windows overlooking Bryant Park and the library. It looked exactly like the junior suite picture on the website. The only complaint I have is that there were no international channels. My husband speaks Spanish, and there wasn't even Univision or Telemundo. I found that kind of odd in NYC hotel, but maybe that's standard. We ended up ordering Spanish speaking movies through the On Demand system and were fine, but it would have been nice to have a Spanish channel or two. Minor quip, I know. The bathroom - loved it! It was huge! Separate shower and soaking tub. Large, thick towels and bathrobes, and as I mentioned above, I loved that you could sit in the tub and watch a movie at the same time.I ordered room service for breakfast each morning, and was surprised at how expansive the continental breakfast was. For $20 (plus tax, delivery, tip, etc) you are given three gigantic pastries, a small carafe of coffee, fresh squeezed juice of your choice, and a large plate of fresh fruit (raspberries, blackberries, oranges, strawberries, pineapple, melon, kiwi, green grapes!). It was the best continental breakfast I've ever had in a hotel and easily enough for two people. The croissants were amazing, and the fruit was fresh and sweet. The location is great. You are close enough to Times Square to walk there in five minutes, but you don't have to deal with the constant stream of people like you would at a hotel in the middle of it. It's a short walk to the Empire State Building, and to the shops on 5th Avenue.We loved the hotel and would definitely recommend it to others. For comparison, we paid $339 a night. It would have been the same at the Westin or the Hilton, if not more, and I am sure we would have enjoyed our stay much less.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WYW
<Content>very comfortable stay My boyfriend  I stayed 3 nights in a Deluxe Queen room on 12th floor. Unfortunately although we paid for a higher type room, we got a view from the back and into other office buildings, so didn't get a great view.The bedroom was a good size and cleanliness. Comfortable bed with the plasma screen TV, Bose iPod docking station and Bose radio. The bathroom was a good size too with the added Molton Brown toiletries. The decor was modern, light and airy. We ate at Koi and had a fabulous meal on the Saturday evening; they were kind enough to accommodate us as we understand that the restaurant gets booked out at the weekend especially. We also tried The Cellar bar as they had 2 complimentary cocktails thrown in from the hotel. All of the staff we encountered were polite and extremely helpful. We arrived on the Thursday before the blizzard snow fall on Friday! So the hotel is in a great location to go sight seeing. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a modern, stylish but comfortable base in Midtown Manhattan.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>boo1973
<Content>Fantastic room! We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. We had booked a junior suite but received a complimentary up-grade to a Bryant Park suite on the 18th floor at check-in. I don't know what the difference is, but we were delighted with the suite. The lounge area was huge and included a dining table and plasma screen TV, as well as 2 sofas and 2 chairs. It was a corner suite with fantastic views overlooking Bryant Park and the Library.The bedroom was a good size, and featured a large king-size bed, plasma screen TV, Bose iPod docking station and Bose radio. The bathroom was the largest I have ever seen in a hotel and I loved the Molton Brown toiletries.The decor was modern, light and airy. If you like this kind of decor at home, you will love it!The only quibble I have about the suite is that the wardrobe was in the lounge area, not in the bedroom.We didn't eat or drink in the hotel. The Cellar bar looked a bit too pretentious for our tastes to be honest.All of the staff we encountered were polite and extremely helpful. The doormen were especially helpful in securing taxis for us in the snow!Overall, I would thoroughly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a modern, stylish but comfortable base in Midtown Manhattan.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mzh140
<Content>The best boutique hotel in New York The coolest hotel I've stayed in, bar none - perfect for couples, clubbers and young urbanites. A beautiful Manhattan skyscraper dating from the 1920s with a plaque listing why it's of architectural and historial interest. The lobby: all red leather and black glass, very sexy. The lifts: dim, red light, house music playing softly. The room: modern, sexy, minimal: 'Journeys by DJ' CDs, a Bose CD player, an iPod dock, huge flatscreen, comfy queen-size bed, corner sofa, a beautiful marble bathroom. The extras: Molton Brown toiletries, a fabulously-stocked minibar, even sex toys! What's more, a specially-devised 'late night munchies' menu for those times when it's 4am, you've just got in, and you absolutely must have something to nibble on. The 'entertainment planning desk' couldn't have been more helpful, planning two nights out for us (and our requests were pretty specific, down to the type of crowd and sub-genre of house music we wanted). The cellar bar is so cool it even had New Yorkers queuing round the block on the Saturday night were were there - in the pouring rain (and New Yorkers NEVER wait in line). The service could not have been better and the only downside - if you could call it a downside - was that most of the shops, bars and clubs we wanted to go to were downtown, so we took a lot of cabs - but with someone to hail them for you, it was hardly much of a hardship. We'll definitely be going back - in fact, I can hardly wait.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sara088
<Content>Beautiful View at Bryant Park Hotel We stayed at the Bryant Park Hotel one night in March and paid an online rate of $289 ($334, including taxes). Our deluxe queen with a park view reservation was complimentarily upgraded to a suite with a park view on the 10th floor. The view was great -- all of Bryant Park and the NYC Public Library on one side, highrises on the other. The doormen, bellstaff, and front desk were all friendly, professional, and very courteous. The clientele all appeared to be stylish -- we noticed people of varying ages, including mother/daughter tourists and businessmen who seemed to be in creative sectors. There was a large club crowd the Saturday night we stayed (for their basement bar The Cellar)-- and the noise level, with some wee hour honking, was noticeable, even on a high floor. This hotel is not recommended for someone sensitive to street noise. The room was lovely. We had difficulty finding a hotel without the ornate, baroque, overdecorated, Gilded Age that seems to be the signature style for most luxury New York City hotels. We also didn't want the Middle American bland, standardized Hyatt/Marriott/Hilton style. Some of the downtown hip hotels seemed to try too hard to be stylish and that can be taxing. Bryant Park Hotel has a very relaxed, clean, contemporary style -- with hardwood floors, beautiful lighting, very comfortable beds, travertine marble bath, with a deep soaking tub and separate shower. Some of the hardwood flooring was warped in places, but it was not that noticeable. They had a selection of relaxing music, an honor bar refrigerator stocked with drinks and snacks. Not inexpensive but not outrageously priced either. Great for the convenience. 24-hour room service that we didn't try because we wanted to dine out, but the menu was nice and reasonably priced. Highly recommend this hotel for its target market share -- people who love clean, simple, contemporary styling in a midtown setting. We enjoyed every minute there, even the slightly noisy night as we like urban soundscapes.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>egl8
<Content>Good Value, Great Location My wife and I stayed at the Bryant Park hotel for only one Saturday night, but we were very satisfied with the experience. We booked through [----] as a package deal that included theater tickets. We booked the standard room, but were upgraded to the next size room for free at check-in. The lobby staff was very nice and not pretentious at all. The room was on the 12th floor, and very clean, with a nice large bath that included a separate tub and shower. Two very comfortable terry cloth robs are located in each bath. The room decor is very modern, with a flat screen TV with high def channels, a Bose Wave radio, and even a seperate speaker system that you can connect you iPod or other MP3 player to. Other interesting room items were found in the wet bar area of the closet. Not only can you purchase the usual drinks and snacks, but they also sell a Pleasure Kit for amorous couples. I'll leave the kit contents to your imagination. We had no problems with street noise in our room, but if you are a light sleeper, they even include two sets of ear plugs in the bath.You can tell the building is an older building, with the narrow halls, and small elevators, but this is typical of older NYC hotels that have been renovated. The indoor renovations at the Bryant Park are nicely done, and the outside is also very unique, with gold trim around the edges and roof lines. There is a nightclub in the basement that apparently is very popular, as there was a line waiting to get in when we returned from the theater.Besides the nice rooms and friendly staff, the other part we really liked about the hotel is the location. It is right across the street from Bryant Park, a very nice little city park with tall trees, sitting benches, a small carousel for kids, and even free WiFi internet access. On one side of the park is the back of the New York Public library and what looks like a nice cafe. The hotel is centrally located in the fashion district, with plenty of clothing stores in the surrounding blocks. You are also only one block from Park Avenue and all the shopping that area provides, and about 5 blocks from Times Square and the theater district. There are plenty of good restaurants withing walking distance of the hotel, including the Pax cafe, on the corner just down from the hotel entrance. We had a good, reasonably priced breakfast there on Sunday morning.Overall, our nicest NYC hotel experience to date, and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>nat4181
<Content>great place to stay! I visit NY twice a year for business meetings - and have stayed at a number of different NYC hotels - bryant park has been the best by far!When I checked in - and handed over my confirmation slip; I found to my dismay that my office had booked me in for november 20th instead of october 20th ( the date i checked in!!) . After a 18 hr flight from asia - i just wanted to cry! The front desk staff were EXTREMELY polite and helpful - and since no rooms were avlbl at that time called around to several hotels, got me a room for the night at the park hotel; and then got me into a cab and promised to have a room ready for me the next day.The next day when i turned up - I had credit card issues - and again the front desk staff came to my rescue - agreed to book the room for me for the required 5 days by blocking my credit card one day at a time.The front desk staff and bellman were extremely friendly and remembered me by name throuGhout the length of my stay.My room on the 4th floor was great - and since I dont like extreme quiet - I was quite happy with the street noises. Bed was brilliant - large and had the nicest feather pillows. Bathroom was the biggest Ive ever seen in NY.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sheesha
<Content>Great location, avoid 4th floor We stayed here for 5 nights from the 19th February 07. We had specifically asked not to be on the 4th floor due to other reviews but, when we arrived, that was the only room availalbe. We were tired so decided to go with it - big mistake. The NY fashion show in the square was being demolished during the night and the noise unbearable - we had to put the fake bird noise machine on to attempt to drown out the outside racket. We moved to a room on the 8th floor the next night which, although was much smaller for the same price, was lovely and relatively quiet! Although the room service was expensive the food was excellent, the service was hit and miss though. They lost one breakfast order totally.Overall, I would say that the location is excellent, the staff were all extremely helpful, the bar good fun and the koi restaurant superb, pricy food so great for a treat. I would stay again but insist on a room on the 8th floor or above.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>meiguido
<Content>Nice but not a fantastic hotel (def not luxury) Stayed at the BPH for 5 days.I had book a qeluxe queen with view and got upgraded for free to a junior suite. I m glad i was upgraded because the size of their jr suite is average, so i wonder how small was the room i booked.service is fine. room service is incredbly expensive. mini bar as well (9$ for a beer)the wooden floor was cracked and some pieces of wood where moving out so you could hurt yourself very bad if walking barefoot.the bathroom is really great. Big, Bright. Clean.The bath is huge and the walk'in shower in huge and great too !the molton brown amenities are nice but not that incredible.location is great. 2 steps from Times Square yet sufficenlty away toto avoid the crowd.there was some work ongoing at the park in front (they were surely fixing everything after the fashion week) so it was noisy at night (I was at the 15th floor).the sound machine is irritating. each time the maid cleans she turns on the little birds noise which is terribe.there is absolutely no space to meet or to hang out at the hotel.the bar is cool yet the crowd is very young( 15-22 yo).overall, nice experince, but I won't go back. NY has much more to offer, especially in this price range  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>loversnewyork
<Content>wonderful, location is good, and the service and room are marvellous My husband and I going to New York twice o three times per year to New York. After to have tried several hotels we found Bryant Park perfect, for location, confortable rooms and kind service. I love the modern hotel, with wood floors, I think they are cleaner. If you can get a room with a balcony is perfect, because you can see the Bryant Park view, and you can enjoy the sigth of the city. You have too a japanais restaurant and celllar bar where you can fun ................It's perfect  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>areviewer
<Content>Avoid fourth floor rooms I booked a suprior king room with a view - and was given a room on the fourth floor overlooking the park. Indeed, these rooms are very noisy (and draughty) given the windows are very old with lots of gaps. Like the previous reviewer who stayed on this floor - the noise from the street is unacceptable.My only issue was I had to ask six times to be changed to another room. The receptionist claimed that it was not possible since there were no rooms of a similar standard available - more curiously - they were unable to give me a superior room without a view as it was considered to be a down grade and they were unsure how to process such a change. Eventually, they worked out how to move me and I was given a superior room at the back of the hotel.My new room was great - the bathrooms are really luxurious with the largest bath I've had in a new york hotel.The staff are friendly and the location is great. A minor downside is that there is no where to chill out - apart from your bedroom. The bar is really noisy and the restaurant is fairly hectic (food was pretty good).  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ker0uac
<Content>free upgrade! booked a one night stay btwn xmas and nye w/ my girlfriend in a queen view room and upon checking in, was upgraded to the penthouse for free. very friendly staff, room decor was so-so, annoying external lights right outside of several windows (although this didn't detract from the view of the empire state building), amenities A+, although charging $8 for a shaving kit is ridiculous, very pricy but hey, it's new york. will definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>DonaldE
<Content>Just Okay... Date: December 21, 2006Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, NebraskaWe reserved a Superior room at The Bryant Park Hotel to get a room with a view. The room had a nice view of Bryant Park, with the ice skating rink and small shops. However, our room was located on the fourth floor and appears to be the only floor without newer windows. I am a sound sleeper, but the noise level was unacceptable. We could hear normal conversations from street level. Floor four is the first floor of rooms available. I highly recommend avoiding this floor.The beds were comfortable and the room furniture was very nice. We really liked the wood floors. Also, the bathroom was quite roomy. However, the rainhead shower had very little pressure and the shower wand barely trickled water out the spout. The flat-screen TV had a great picture but it was fixed on the wall perpendicular to the bed. You couldn't use the remote from the bed and the view from bed was a true neck-bender! We moved the bed so we could change channels to watch TV. Fortunately little time was spent in the room.We never got the opportunity to see the bar. It was closed on Sunday evening, and had a private function on Monday evening. The staff was quite nice. Checkin and checkout went without a hitch. I did share my opinions with the front staff and the gal commented all the rooms are as noisy as the rooms on the fourth floor. Other reviews don't seem to share this sentiment.In summary, this is a nice, clean hotel with a great location in NYC. Bryant Park is a real gem. However, our room did not meet four-star criteria.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WestSideNYC
<Content>Hotel Hell!! BEWARE of this hotel if you want genuine friendly service. Great location, but don't expect anything but an absolutely terrible experience if you are in need of assistance. They refused to give me my coat back because of a lost coat check ticket and the security stepped in when I put up a fuss about it. It was the middle of winter. Instead of being helpful they were painfully uncaring and brutal. My expereince here was an absolute NIGHTMARE!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FLcs
<Content>Fantastic choice -- Deluxe Room w/ View great choice       bathroom  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>fan987
<Content>Great Location The Bryant Park is in a really nice area near Times Square and 5th Avenue. The lobby is small but stylish - pretty basic tho. Rooms are nicely designed (modern and airy) but comfortable and good size for price. The bathrooms are very nice - showers amazing. Overall recommended.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>miamispice
<Content>everything we expected ..... booked principally on the basis of previous reviewers comments for a 4 night birthday treat stay and we were not disappointed in the least!.room was spacious enough for New York and the large flat screen TV meant little need for other more normal hotel picture decorations on the walls!. bathroom was HUGE and shower was great the room was up on the 11th floor and whilst not directly facing the park this was probably a good thing given the skating/xmas stall event going on whilst we were there!staff were fantastic - nothing too much for them only slight criticisms were : room internet not working (not the hotels direct fault) and the ridiculous price of the room mini bar!! (definitely a hotel fault).yes there is nowhere to really meet people but then plenty of bars within short distanceyes the doorman was not always present but there more often than not and always pleasant and willing to do anything for you.best bit though - the fantastic location - without the noise or disruption of Times Square.worst bit - realising the downstairs bar closed on a Sunday when that was your last day to use complimentary cocktails vouchers!.great deli a few doors down (made up for the mini bar pricing) and a more than reasonable up market grill room in the Park across the road.overall very happy with choice of hotel - way better than the Royalton or the Shoreham that we have stayed at previously - in short perfect break - even the weather was great! - already recommending to others looking for a good value, well located little bit different type of NY hotel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Eyelashtravels
<Content>What a great spot! We spent a great long weekend in NYC staying at the Bryant Park. It has a great location, easy to get both up town and down town either via the numerous cabs or the subway. The park across the street had free ice skating and a Christmas fair the weekend we were there.The rooms were very chic, minimal and comforatble. The bathroom was a great size for NY city rooms - great shower too. The staff were always helpful and responsiveOnly small complaint was that the bar didn't open until 8pm on Saturday, too late for pre-dinner drinks, and didn't open at all on Sunday evening. Not a big problem thought as there were plenty of other paces to go. We'll definitely go back again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Leeroy_Acko
<Content>Cool hotel, great location Just got back from a week's stay at the Bryant Park Hotel with my fiancee. It is a really cool hotel, very trendy. We went for a superior room (I think- it was the next one up from a basic). The room was large and minimalistic, but with a large, comfy bed, plasma TV and huge bathroom, with Molton Brown accessories. My only gripe about the room was that there was no view- we faced the back of another building. It was also only on the 5th floor. I felt for the money spent we could have at least had something to look at! Immediately outside of the hotel is Bryant Park, a really peaceful little area. On the day we arrived, an ice skating rink opened for the Christmas period, which was amazing, the atmosphere was very chilled and jovial.The location of the hotel is just off 5th Avenue and Broadway, and Times Square is only a couple of minutes walk away. In fact, it was so well positioned that we never got a train anywhere and tried to walk.The restaurant, Koi, is a sushi restaurant in the evenings and very pretentious. We had our least enjoyable night there, yet our most expensive.The Cellar Bar is the bar at the bottom of the hotel, and again was really trendy. We had a great (heavy!) night there. Bit disappointed when we were told to not sit on the sofas after 11.00 unless we bought a bottle of vodka! I think this is typical in the USA though, so no hard feelings.All in all it was an amazing stay- the staff were always helpful and polite, and got to recognise us after a few days which made it even nicer. I would stay again, as long as I get a room with a view!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stickster
<Content>Cool Hotel! I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Bryant Park Hotel.This is a very trendy place to stay and the size of the rooms were certainly well above average for New York. The bathrooms were HUGE and the bath was like a swimming pool!The bedrooms were very well equiped with plasma TV and Bose stereo system.Our room overlooked Bryant Park and was a little noisy on the Saturday evening (why do the cab drivers have to beep their horns all the time?)!! Our friends rooms were on the back of the Hotel and were much quieter, however earplugs were available in each room.Disappointed that there were no recreational areas in the lobby for us to meet up with our friends, in fact the lobby is rather small.We chose not to eat in the Koi Restaurant as there is such a selection of eateries within easy walking distance.We did have a round of drinks in the Cellar Bar but they were extremely expensive so did not pay it a visit again!All in all our stay at the Bryant was most enjoyable and it's location is superb whehter you want to visit New York to shop or to sightsee.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>INUVIK
<Content>Absolutely Perfect! Recomendable 100% We spent 5 nights in this great hotel. We booked in advanced and we got a Junior Suite with Terrace. I strongly recommend this hotel, it is not cheap but it is very balanced quality-price.We loved it. The service very good and also it was a very private stay.Great area and quiet at night.I would go again for sure.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>ironcross31
<Content>Super modern, great staff This is the most modern-style hotel I've ever seen. The staff was great, even let us check in early, but the hotel itself just wasn't really our style. Very art deco and cold, but clean. When I needed an ironing board, it took the staff about 2 minutes to bring me one, which was great. The bar downstairs was beautiful, but seemed to have that young club-hopping crowd. Great view of the park across the street, and super close to all the great sites in mid-town. It wasn't especially romantic and I did not see one guest over the age of 45 there. But its great, if that's what you like.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katiethompson
<Content>absolutely faultless We stayed at the bryant park for four nights in sept and absolutely loved it. The location is absolutely perfect, just a few blocks from times square yet set around a tranquil park, a really peaceful haven in the hustle and bustle of this city. We were upgraded to a junior suite which was a lovely bonus and the staff couldnt do more to help us. We ate in the restaurant where the food was great and the service good and we drank and danced in the cellar bar which was great although the cocktails were very pricey.Adrienne, the concierge sorted a few nights out for us and got us on the gust list to some of the hottest night clubs which was a great service in a city you dont know.Overall, I cant reccommend this hotel enough, we certainly werent disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelerJH
<Content>Could not have been happier! Stayed three nights in a large suite with a lovely terrace. I love the Bryant Park area and the view of the park from our terrace was spectacular. Also hosted a small gathering of friends in the room. The catering staff was superb, from set-up to clean-up. They provided a delicious assortment of hors d'ouevres, beautifully presented. Yes, it was expensive, but worth it. I found the staff friendly and helpful at every turn. I loved the minimalist, modern decor, although I realize that is not for everyone. Shower was heavenly!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KatieO123
<Content>Great Hotel !!!!!!       Our room viewed from the entrance hallway  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ajl_dc
<Content>Enjoyable and convenient I stayed 3 nights with my fiance over labor day weekend. We had a junior suite, room 1406, for $339 per night. That seems to be a pretty good rate for this hotel and has maybe colored my impressions of value (which is very favorable)Overall, I really enjoyed my stay.Most of the reviews I've seen capture the essence of the place, so I'll focus on things I haven't seen mentioned.The room was larger than expected with huge windows that actually opened to a limited extent - the lower pane slid up about 5 inches (presumably limited so children can't squeeze through). You don't often see this feature on the 14th floor, and it's nice to let the air in sometimes.The floor in our room was wood (actually pergo) which was a really nice change from hotel carpeting and I think added a lot to the airy, comfortable feel of the room.This was the week before fashion week, so they were building the tents across the street in Bryant Park. Even though they worked through the night, the noise was tolerable and no worse than many midtown hotels. I can imagine this might be a really quiet hotel for a street-facing room in midtown if you don't come immediately before or during fashion week.This was a smoking room. When we arrived, it was a little smoky so I called the desk. Housekeeping arrived within 3 minutes with some air freshener and told us they would put an ionic cleaner in the room while we went to lunch - when we returned it was very fresh smelling without a trace of cigarette smoke. The hotel has a very strict policy about smoking in non-smoking rooms with a $500 penalty for doing so, which I was told about on check in (although it didn't apply to this smoking room). I chose the smoking room because we had arrived early (at noon) and it was all that was available unless we wanted to wait until regular check in time. It was also on a high floor - the clerk told me that floors 6 - 12 are non-smoking and 14-16 are smoking.Didn't try the restaurant as we had other plans each night. Location is fantastic.Best surprises: the really friendly, laid back staff; the size and airiness of the junior suite room (at least large and airy by Manhattan standards)Most disappointing: the mystery of the sometime there, sometimes not doorman; the small size and lack of public space in the lobby.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>distance
<Content>We loved Bryant Park We stayed at the Bryant Park Hotel for 4 nights for our honeymoon, and we had a great time. We stayed in a Junior suite on the 20th floor that had a huge balcony overlooking the park; the room was nicely decorated (minimalist but appealing), the bath was huge and the chocolate covered fortune cookies were a nice treat after hours on the plane. I can't remember the room number (2004?), but if you can make sure you get a room with a front-facing view of the park, rather than a corner suite that only has a small balcony space. The staff were courteous and helpful. The Cellar bar was good; the drinks were expensive, but complimentary cocktail vouchers made my Cosmopolitan very appealing. We didn't order room service, because the prices were outrageous, so every morning we went across to the park and bought coffee (and soup) from the food kiosks. We spent hours and hours choosing a hotel and hoping that we had chosen well, and we weren't disappointed. All in all staying at the Bryant only enhanced the memorable time we had in New York.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>brownhound
<Content>Very fine I just spent a weekend at the Bryant Park with my girlfriend and I thought it was quite good.First, we booked one of the package rooms that included American breakfast, a slightly larger room with a view and a late check-out. I would say that the room was not particularly large, but did have three large windows at the corner of the building and two more in a very spacious and well appointed bathroom. It was every bit as a large as many a Manhattan studio apartment. This package rate was $340 + tax. For the $450 room someone below had, I would expect they would be in a suite. And the standard room was around $250.Second, I found the decor to be nice, standard American modern. Hardly chilly, but then not BB comfy. Some of the furnishings were Ikea-esque, though not substandard. And as the previous poster said, yes there was no art on the walls, but we had huge windows overlooking Midtown Manhattan on two walls and a large plasma TV on another. That seems a strange complaint.The plusses: the location was ideal, the staff was helpful and professional, the bathroom was incomparable, the lobby and building architecture were great.The minuses: the only eating option in the hotel in the morning was breakfast in the room. If you didn't want to pay that expense, you were sort of out of luck in the hotel itself, though Midtown Manhattan isn't exactly without the food options of, say, smalltown Arizona. That being said, the room service b'fast was timely and quite large. The aforementioned $80 breakfast was priced at $26, though probably gets to $80 with tip and tax for two, which included two eggs, bread in any form you like, tasty potato croquettes, juice, coffee, a mimosa and water. Hardly being ripped off for $26. This is room service in New York -- I've paid that much for a cinnamon roll and coffee elsewhere.Being local, we did not use their concierge services for anything so I cannot comment on it. I think the hotel has a cool feel and like it might be trying a bit too hard. As a consequence, I think it's being judged a little too harshly. If it were understated and cute, I think the same result would be given a bit more lenience by reviewers.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Big_Daddy_Si
<Content>Hip Midtown Hotel       Outside the Hotel  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>WontonWanderer
<Content>Not for the hungry... We recently stayed at the Park Bryant Hotel, NYC. While the staff was beyond courteous, the decor and ambiance left a lot to be desired. For two weary shoppers, a day in NYC battling the street crowds and emptying our wallets - we thought the $450.00 a night rate would pamper our senses and revive our souls. Au contrar...The entrance and lobby was done in red naugahide and black. Cold lines and uninviting boldness sequed into another odd choice of decorating...a red light was all that guided us through the elevator to our room whereinit consisted of platform beds and stark walls - no art. The bed was adorned with naughahide bolster pillows in purple.The accents brown. While I am not a huge fan of modern, This decor could of easily been purchased from Target. It reminded me of a dorm room before students moved in. The bathroom touted state of the art spa amenities - if you wanted to purchase them. A sewing kit and tampons(2) could be purchased for $6 each. Amazing after a room charge so high, everything was ala carte. We were pleasantly surprised with a faux chinese box of chocolate covered fortune cookies...nice touch.The room service was staffed excellently, but again the food stunk. I would never again pay $80.00 for eggs, toast and a lump of potato, served with freshly squeezed orange juice and coffee. My companion ordered a waffle (soggy) adorned with fresh berries. Yes, folks, all this for $80.00 ! and then a midnight snack awarded us with a pitiful pizza - I would not recommend that.The adjoining japanese restaurant Kio is excellent, as is the Cellar bar where we had a delicious The Long Goodnight Kiss drink - I do say try it, you will be pleased.  All in all, the hotel did not live up to its price.. even though it's NYC and in a great location, it fails miserably at it's attempt at being hip.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhilMarston
<Content>Is it a Hotel? Is it a Nightclub? Bryant Park is a fabulously located niche hotel a stones throw from the Empire State Building and Times Square. Without doubt NY is a cool city, and this hotel makes a 110% effort to be ice cold. We read all of the reviews on Tripadvisor before booking here, and the question of just what this establishment wants to be is a constantly recurring theme. Thing is, we wanted to stay somewhere with a bit of life and probably booked not only on the strength of the hotel, but also the fact that the Cellar Bar is supposed to be one of New York's finest.The reality is that if anything we felt slightly let down by the whole experience.We paid extra for one of the Bryant Park Suites which allegedly have views across Bryant Park. Room 1804 does, but only from the side and if you crane your neck, so we felt a touch swizzed with the very average New York view (side of another building and Bank of America construction site) from the start. The suites are allegedly 650 sq ft (which I would question) and are very neutrally and minimalistic in their decor. They are pleasant, but we have stayed in some of the world's best boutique hotels and this just felt a bit IKEA-ey and could have done with a lick of paint. Facilities in the room were adequate, but for $500 a night we would have expected two sinks and not to have to pay extra from the mini bar for sewing kits, shaving kits etc.The restaurant Koi is superb. We had dinner there on the Saturday night and found the food amazing and the service attentive.We then proceeded to spend the rest of the evening in the Cellar Bar. We arrived around 1030 and sat ourselves down at an unreserved table. After half an hour we were told that the table was now reserved and that we would have to move! The staff did not even have the courtesy to ask us to move themselves - they sent the girl who was supposed to have the table over instead! We sought out the manager who informed us that our stay in the hotel meant nothing, and that after 11pm it becomes a nightclub and that's the way it is. When we spend over $2000 to stay in a hotel we do not expect to be told we are second class citizens.Generally we found the staff to helpful if a little preoccupied/distracted. For example, two days into a five day stay our room inexplicably locked us out - the receptionist insisted on picture ID before unlocking it for us, and was at first not going to accept that our passports were locked - errrrr - in our room! This being despite the fact that she personally had checked us in not 48 hours earlier!So to all those entering the nightclub.v.hotel debate I would argue strongly that the Bryant Park is a nightclub with rooms bolted on. It is cool, the building is fabulous, the location is execellent and the idea is right. A-list it is not, and there are far better places to stay in New York which do not have delusions of grandeur.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hemmo
<Content>Fantastic location Having stayed at this hotel last year and much enjoyed it I was keen to use it again on a revisit to the area. The location is really great, easy walking distance to most areas, nice safe place didn't seem to be any problems. The hotel itself is pretty swish with red lacquered walls in the reception area and soft lighting everywhere. It looks more like a nightclub than a hotel really. Which in effect seems to be what it is changing into - where last year there was a great bar to the front open all day this is now a restaurant (Koi - very nice but more for a business lunch than something casual) with no bar AT ALL in the hotel even for guests before 5pm. The Cellar Bar remains but likewise does not open before 5pm. Seems to be more inviting to outside visitors really than actual hotel guests. Still...the rooms are not a bad size, always very well cleaned with a selection of Molton Brown goodies and a great big tub to chill out in. Also a flat screen TV, DVD etc. Overall would recommend just hope the staff remember it is a hotel and that the guests should come first.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crazyhorse99
<Content>Excellent location, make sure you get a good room       room 805  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll stay here again the Bryant Park Hotel is a real gem in NYC. The black and red lobby outfitted withhip staff dressed entirely in black is nothing, if not trendy (almost too trendy). However, once past the dark red-lit elevators, you'll find beautiful, light and airy rooms. The rooms are large, have hard wood floors and are of clean modern design. the lighting is superb, the windows large and the linen very high quality. the bathrooms are very large with nice two-person tubs and separate showers with two showerheads (arain and a hand held). Each room has a flatscreen TV, Bose wave radio, and a sound machine that can lull you to sleep. The only thing less than satisfactory were the doormen. Upon arrival at 8:30 pm on Saturday eening, there was not a door man in sight. The doorman were a mystery. sometimes there. Sometimes not. More often, not. That was a slight blemish on the rest of a nic stay.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time at Bryant Park Hotel Just got back from a weekend in NY at the Bryant Park, and I have to say I was very pleased. The room was much larger than I thought, modern looking and stylish. The bathroom was huge for NY standards. I am very much into the nightlife scene in NY, and chose this hotel because it had a few things I wanted - a cool bar (Cellar) and restaurant (Koi), and I thought both were great. The hotel in general is very stylish, yet very laid back....exactly what we were looking for - not touristy, somewhat trendy and cool, yet not too sceney or attitudey. Never had a problem with the front desk, as some others have shared. Found them to be very helpful, as well as the door staff and concierge, (booked reservtions, etc for us ) It's across from Bryant Park, which is a great place to just sit and relax in the middle of town.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ADL_London
<Content>My fourth stay, and still my favourite hotel... I鈥檝e just enjoyed my fourth stay at The Bryant Park. After five nights at the New York Palace on business (an excellent hotel by any standards but where after a week the gold, marble, over-sized floral arrangements and extremely attentive staff all begin to feel a bit much) it was, as always, a pleasure to check in to the BP - my favourite hotel in the city.Why the Bryant Park? Rooms are a good size and well furnished (in an understated way); it has the most comfortable beds, the best bed linen and the bathrooms are gorgeous. The location is superb for Fifth Ave shopping, the Museums or easy access to Soho, East/West Village etc, and I've always found the service be excellent and attentive without being cloying. But what really sells it for me are the views from rooms at the front of the building 鈥?especially above the tenth floor 鈥?which are breath-taking. By NY standards, it鈥檚 excellent value too.I鈥檝e stayed in a junior suite here, which was wonderful, but most recently my 鈥楺ueen size room with view麓 (corner room) was my haven of tranquillity for the weekend. Above the tree canopy of the park, surrounded by the ever-changing skyline of this extraordinary city, I was reminded of why I love NY and the Bryant Park so much - and why I鈥檒l be staying there again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Globbie
<Content>Cool hotel but friendly staff. Loved it! After having stayed at many boutique hotels in NYC (e.g. The Alex and The Library etc), the Bryant Park hotel has to be one of the best we have stayed in so far. After reading some negative reviews, we were a bit hesitant at first, but our experience proved otherwise. The staff were always nice and friendly towards us, we enquired about eating at the popular hotel restaurant Koi at the last minute and the concierge managed to get a nice table for us even though the restaurant was completely full. Our room and bathroom were huge by NY standard (or any standard) and we also had a nice view of the park. The Molten brown bath products were an additional bonus. The cellar bar/ club looked cool but the music was so so on a Friday night. However, we were told by the staff that Sat night is supposed to be the best night to go. There are some minor problems with the hotel, e.g. the lobby is quite small and the constant techno music playing inside the lift/ elevator can be quite annoying at times. Besides that, we would highly recommend this hotel and we will be definitely coming back again very soon.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JERYLEV
<Content>Terrible experiance with front desk staff We stayed at this Hotel in November and I must advise future guests that in all my years of travel,having stayed in some of the very best hotels around the world.I have never experienced such terrible service by the front desk staff and management.i would not stay at this hotel again ever,totaly disinterested in dealing with any problems.What terrible attitude and lack of customer service .Quite nice rooms.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>chathamNY
<Content>actually a good value we recently rented out the penthouse suite for an event. I want to mention that the staff went above and beyond in an effort to insure our success, and it did. The penthouse is really a great value (for a splurge)...a sleek rather West Elm style suite with fantastic views north/west/south. A terrace, tiny but nice. Fantastic baths, 2 of them and a great bedroom. The suite also has.2 large plasma tvs, stereos, ipod hook-ups, printers and etc... With the dining table and good catering I would reccomend the hotel for anything special...and the cost of the penthouse is great when compared to the same at other ny hotels and it really feels like a penthouse!THANKS  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it - will never stay anywhere else I just returned from a long weekend in NYC, I do this trip often and this was my first time staying at The Bryant Park hotel ... I will never stay anywhere else again!!! I have stayed in a lot of hotels in NYC and I have never even bothered to write a review because they were just blah ... nothing really bad to say, nothing good to say. However, The Bryant Park Hotel, I can't stop talking about it. I work in a travel agency and I am literally calling clients who go to NYC often to tell them that they have to stay there. Our room was huge by NYC standards, the bathroom was huge. The bedding was to die for, bright bright room. Right across the street from Bryant Park which just makes you feel like your not in a noisy city even though you are. The Hotel is on 40th between 5th  6th ... close to everything but has the feel of being far away when you are there. The Cellar Bar was beautiful and a very hip spot. I have read previous reviews and the ones that say it was like a night club NOT TRUE AT ALL but It's New York City if you don't like all the energy you won't like anywhere you stay in NYC. Once you get into that elevator (which by the way there is never a wait to get into them) you are away from all the noise and energy. Sit in the park during the day you somehow don't notice the noise its just so beautiful. When we were in our room we did not hear anything from the halls or surrounding rooms and the Hotel was booked solid. A very good looking staff ... if you have our luck, ladies be prepared to be checked in by very handsome men. We so enjoyed our stay very very much I have never stayed in a hotel in NYC and spent so much time in and around our room/hotel. I will never stay anywhere else Bryant Park will be my new home away from home.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the details I stayed here for 2 nights in Feb 13. I am usually hard to please, but the details impressed me. I booked a deluxe room 1604, one step up from their standard room. I was a little small, but perfect for myself here on business. It may not be worth it to pay the money for the upgrade. I found a good deal on ---- and got the deluxe for cheaper than the standard rate. I'll tell you about the things I loved first:-the bathroom was beautiful! a wonderfully powerful rainfall showerhead with independent handheld showerhead. long bath tub and beautiful sink. and the bathroom was about the same size as the bedroom area minus the closet and entry. robes, slippers, and superlong bath towels were a plus. i'm picky about details, so I was pleased to find that the next day the bathroom was completely spotless and there weren't even water marks on the faucet knobs or spouts.-The room decor was modern and simple. the pillows are the best! better than at the venetian - and that's pretty good. flatscreen tv was nice. You'll want to use the sound machine in the room since sometimes the honking becomes a bit much. -if you get room service at midnight, the turkey club is one of the best i've had ( and i'm not saying that because it's the only thing substantial to eat on the 6-item-menu at midnight) -Trendy magazines in your room for your leisure: gotham, vantity fair, vogue. sweet! even some office supplies on the desk: highlighter, binder clips.i was pretty pleased with the whole experience, but somethings they could improve were:-the sound from the hallway was louder than I and hoped, although it didn't seem like I could hear my neighbors through the wall.-the elevators are small and can barely accomodate 3 ppl + luggage-the noise from the street is kinda unavoidable.-they charged me for a $6 bottle of sparkling water that I didn't order. (but i didn't notice until i was on the plane home)overall, i was pretty impressed and would stay again if the price was decent.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bill99
<Content>Great stay at the Bryant park Hotel We stayed at the Bryant Park Hotel and loved it. The front desk was so helpful and the room was large, clean with a wonderful large bathroom and shower. We had a balcony with spectacular views. Location, location..... the hotel was a quick walk to Times Sq./ Grand Central and MOMA. We would definately stay again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JFCRSS
<Content>Great experience We really loved our experience here!1) We took a red-eye flight and arrived into NY around 5:30am, the hotel allowed us to check-in (eventhough their official check-in time is 3:00pm).2) The room was fairly large for NY, large soaking tub, cashmere blanket, plasma tv, cd's w/ bose stereo, closet, nice modern design...clean and comfortable.3) The front desk staff was ALWAYS helpful and never snooty, even at 6:00am.4) Koi Restaurant (in the hotel) - very trendy, very delicious 5) Great location, walking distance to the Broadway Theatre, where we saw The Color PurpleBottom line, great modern hotel, great service, hip crowd, no attitude. Probably wouldn't pick this hotel if I had three kids or grandma was with us...  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chic but friendly Our stay for a weekend getaway was great. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite facing Bryant Park. The room was absolutely huge by NYC standards. Decor was modern and minimalist but that's what I expected. Amenities were top notch. Contrary to some postings here, I found the staff to be very friendly and accomodating and neither of us are models :). The location is great...close to Times Square but without the masses, plus a 5 minute walk to Grand Central. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>And the beat goes on! This hotel tries too hard to be chic. If it just relaxed a little, some of its natural beauty would show through. For example, in the hotel brochure it talks about the importance of getting a reservation at the restaurant since it tends to book up early with the A list crowd. Now give me a break. If you have to talk about it, then it probably isn't A list to begin with.The architecture is neat, including the lobby and the cellar bar. The room we had, 804 was very small. The bathroom was the same size as the bedroom. The bed was a double, not a Queen as we requested and it was a bit tight for two people ( booked as a standard room through Expedia). The bathroom was very nice and the amenities were top flight. The choice of CDs for the Bose system was OK, but all of them had the same disco, runway beat that plays everywhere in the hotel, including the elevators, healthclub and Cellar bar. It would be a bit more relaxing to get away from the beat now and then.The hotel does not have a lobby in which you could meet friends and the bar had continuous throbbing music, so it wasn't a good place to talk. If you want to have a quiet conversation in public ( as opposed to in your room), then this is not the hotel for you. Overall, I would stay here again, but at the rate we paid, it wasn't a bargain or a must revisit.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>2bstressfree
<Content>Not impressed The hotel is very chic and trendy and the cellar bar hosts the beautiful people nightly, a plus if that's your thing. I was not impressed by the lack of service and facilities in the hotel, there is no hotel lobby or bar to sit and meet people or relax during the day, the staff are a little aloof and if you do not fit into the surroundings they would seem to prefer you not be there. When you return back to the hotel on an evening you will be met by cue's of people waiting to get into the cellar bar, this give you the feeling of staying at a night club. On the plus side the rooms are very spacious and well apointed.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well, Here is the way it is. We were at the Bryant Park for a full week in the Raymond Hood Suite - so here is the real truth.1. The room was NYC big. A nice layout with two balconies and two - yes two flat panel televisions. Our room had a Bose player for my I-Pod and every type of stereo I could ask for.2. The Bathroom was excellent - but needs a little more storage. Ours had a steam shower which was a suprise since I never saw it mentioned anywhere. I wish it had a seat but it was very relaxing.3. The view of the Empire State Building was awsome - fills the bedroom window. Ask for the side that face the ESB. 4. The hard wood floors are well worn and make the rooms seem a bit older than I think they really are. The same as the throw rugs and the lack of art. The room decor is fashinable but it needs a bit more life.5. The bed was soft and the sheets very correct. I slept well every night.6. Room service was inflexible - they could not make even the slightest changes and you can't get food from the very good returant Koi - except what they allow. 7. The location is perfect - you can walk to it all - the subway is right there.8. Free wireless in Bryant Park - I walked down every day to get my mail. 9. The Staff was very helpful - but you do need to ask for the help. Be specific and they respond with specifics but they are young and have a young persons focus.10. The building is nice and the feel is hip but the touch of it all lacks the flair and sophistication of a Ritz or a Four Seasons - but then again for the same price as a base room in the Ritz I got all of the above.In the end it is a good hotel - not great - but solid. I recommend the Bryant Park - but with one last BIG problem. We could hear everything that the people in the next room were saying - lucky us it was empty for 6 of our 7 days - if it had not been, no matter how much I liked it I would have probably moved.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun, Comfortable, and Accomodating We stayed at the BP for 7 nights. Business for my husband, pleasure for myself.This hotel is perfect for 20-40 somethings looking for a fashionable, upbeat, hip experience with the price tag to match. Rooms vary widely, you may want to ask to see a couple and choose. Cellar Bar is fun people watching and good music. It is packed on the weekends, with a line outside. If you are coming back to the hotel during the chaos, the Hotel Doormen move people aside to get you in if you are staying at the hotel. Makes you feel taken care of. Koi has delicious food and friendly staff (although don't go too late or they seem to forget about you). If you need to go somewhere on Thurs-Sat, may want to have them arrange a car, cabs are HARD to come by, even though the Doormen are great about trying.Upon arrival we were greeted by a friendly staff and prompt service (even though we came in late). We were in the superior category (their base model). Our room was on the 15th floor (1501). It was a corner room with large (for NYC) open floor space, modern decor, comfy bed, cool furnishings, tasty treats in the mini, and huge windows. Only problem, we requested a non-smoking room, and smoke was coming in from all directions. Yuck.After a move to a smaller, noisy room for one night(still in the same category, we complained and they said it was all they had for that night) they moved us to 1801, same larger room as 1501 without the smoke. Better view as well. Concierge is not always available and did not always return phone calls. BUT when we worked with Adrienne and she did a FABULOUS job of arranging anything we needed as well as making excellent dining recs. The staff in total was helpful and friendly.Get your hair done at Pipino by Hector, get a workout in the clean user friendly gym, relax and enjoy the city. And quit your complaining.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't even bother, they don't! I have never encountered a more incompetent staff and management than I have at this hotel. I am a hotel manager myself and because of this, I am very forgiving as I understand that mistakes can happen. However, they went too far on this one. The hotel property itself is interesting, if you like your hotel to feel like a night club. This did not bother me as I was looking for something with unique character. The rooms are very modern, but bland. Housekeeping is fine, but not great. But the thing that makes a difference in a property is service. And the service is aweful!!This stay was to be charged to a third person credit card as we were in NY on business and pleasure and we were charging this back to a business account. All of the paperwork was taken care of prior to our arrival and this was confirmed when we checked in. We were entertaining clients on the first evening, so we purchased 2 junior suites. There was to be a king bed in one and two queens in another. We arrived and they had us in two rooms with double beds. They showed us another option for the king, which we took, but it was much smaller and I don't believe it was in fact a junior suite.That first night, we ordered champagne with the clients (about $2K). The room service attendant was very nice. When I got up the next morning, I had scheduled 2 massages in my guest room for myself and my girlfriend. The massage therapists were 20 minutes late and then the concierge called to inform me that the hotel does not permit charges of massages to a guest account--HE TOLD ME THIS WHEN THE THERAPISTS WERE KNOCKING ON MY DOOR!!We had the treatment and then I offered the therapists my credit card; they said they could not take the credit card, but they always were able to charge it to the room. So this is what I did and called down stairs to inform them of this. I was called 5 minutes later by the concierge who told me I must get up (after a relaxing massage) and go 2 blocks to the ATM as I had to give the therapists cash-- I did not have $400 in cash on me. I did this and then apologized to the therapists who were kept waiting. I told them that I had not been informed of the hotel policy and was frankly rather surprised. The concierge WINKED at me and made a dismissive gesture. I told him I would bring this up with his manager which he invited me to do. Then I found out why.I got up to my room and there was a message from the front office manager who told me that I must bring a credit card to the front desk as they were not able to do third party billing. One might ask-- why do you have a credit card authorization form if you do not accept third party billing. And why would you confirm that everything was in good order upon check in. To this, I got many responses. 1. Credit Card was declined (I verified that this was not the case)2. Third party billing is never allowed (contrary to what we were told when booking)3. Third party billing was only permitted for $100.I brought down my own card and this is what we used to settle the charges. I asked for the Front Office Manager's card as I was not ever able to connect with her when I was at the property. I told her of my experience via email and she did not reply. It was not until after I emailed the director of sales that I heard back from the manager I tried to contact. She made no effort of an apology and removed $200 from the final bill. I told her that frankly, this was a disaster and that I wanted a damn good explination for why it happened. Again, my emails were not returned, and the answer to the question about third party billing is still a mystery-- Particularly in light of the fact that an additional $200 showed up on the third party billing card after they told me this was not possible. They say this was minibar, but as we took no more than $50 from the minibar, I am sure they were just making up for the previous adjustment.With so many better places to stay, please do not even consider this one. New York has too much to offer.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>janey5600
<Content>Best hotel in New York yet My husband and I stayed on the 22nd floor in a junior suite of this fabulous hotel. We have been to New York on two other occasions and both the hotels were dingy and dirty (and one of those was The Plaza). However, the Bryant Park Hotel was fantastically clean, it was bright, comforatable and ultra modern. It was also very spacious which is a real luxury in NY. We loved the deep bath, the huge shower and the bath products were a luxurious treat. The location was fantastic. A five minute walk to Fifth Avenue and a ten minute walk to Times Square. The hotel staff were always polite and courteous and very efficient. This is a hotel that we will definitely be visiting again and again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great 4 star hotel! I highly recommend the Bryant Park Hotel -- our deluxe queen/park view room was modern, super-clean and large (for NYC), with lots of windows and light. The hardwood floors in the room, and the big marble bathrooms with separate tub and shower were great. Comfortable bed, nice linens. We definitely would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CFEF
<Content>Cool, Hip, Trendy And with Good Service Spent one night, 7/23/05, in a Queen Deluxe View room (#404) and have nothing but rave reviews to give. Highlights:1) Customer Service--top notch, from an easy, 1 minute check in right at check in time to checking out and having the bellhop walk down 40th St to hail me a cab. Every employee we saw was helpful and polite with no attitude.2) Rooms--simply put, they're cool. Minimal decor, but what furniture they do have is comfortable, clean, and modern. Nice hardwood floors with plush throw rugs. Awesome flat panel TV hooked on wall. Bed was great as well. Hugh bathrooms, walk-in shower, separate tub.3) Location--hard to beat, only a block or two from theatre district. Hotel is on a less-traveled street it seems, and Bryant Park is across the street. Didn't go to the Cellar or Koi, which are the popluar bar and restaurant at the property.If staying on a weekend, highly recommend requesting a high floor. I was on 4th floor right above the main entrance and heard the bar/restaurant crowd until 4 am. Minor point, at least for me, and didn't detract from my stay.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewNYCTraveler
<Content>The place to stay when visiting the city!!! For our first trip to New York, I looked at every hotel the city offered and decided upon the Bryant Park. It was everything and more than I wanted in a hotel. It provides the perfect mix of trendy  luxury. The staff was wonderful and very helpful.It is my understanding that some rooms are small, so I would recommend the suites. I booked a Junior suite and requested a room on a high floor with a view of the park. When we walked into our room, we were amazed! The room was extremely spacious and the bathroom was amazing with a separate tub and shower. Then we walked out a tall glass door and were met with a private rooftop balcony overlooking Bryant Park. Very few rooms have balconies, so I would recommend specifically asking for one. Room 2003 is perfect!We spent a late night at Cellar Bar - that although not very busy, it had a good scene. Another night we had a drink in Koi - we did not eat, but the food looked amazing.Every evening upon our return to the hotel, we were met with velvet ropes at the front door and asked to show our key. It was nice to have the extra security.The Bryant Park far exceeded my expectations. While you felt as though there was definitely a scene at the hotel, it was extremely private. Within walking distance to all attractions, but a few blocks outside of the craziness of Times Square. The park itself was wonderful and it provided a great place to sit and rest at the end of a long day.I can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real find in the middle of manhattain We stayed at the Bryant Park in the week leading up to our wedding at the Empire State Building - so we were expecting a lot!We didn't want to stay in one of the traditional 'New York Plaza' type hotels and opted instead for the Bryant Park which is centrally located but with a fabulous view of Bryant Park and the New York Public Library beneath. It's location means that you are right in the middle of everything without all the noise and touristy bits of a Times Square Hotel. The fact that you can walk out of the hotel in the morning and go and sit in a park is also a huge selling feature - you really get the best of both worlds.The hotel itself is very popular with fahionistas (which we are not!). We travelled as a couple with our 15 month son, and the 2 mother-in-law's to be - so potentially we could have been very out of place!!! On arrival you are wowed by the big red leather reception desk fronted by some very attractive men (and women according to my now husband!). The staff could not have been more helpful, they will organise anything for you - even if you fancy chocolate dipped cherried with champagne at 3am (don't ask!). They were even fantastic with our son and would happily do baby listening for us if we wanted to have a drink in the bar.The rooms were very spacious by New York standards with fabulously clean cut decor, the bathrooms were divine.The restaurant in the hotel was also well worth a visit (bit on the pricey side though). The Cellar Bar is crazy, full of New Yorks finest, you really get to see a different side of things! The key in this hotel is to ask for a Razmopolitan as soon as you arrive, like the entrance, they're red and once you've tried one you'll definately go back - to the bar and this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern Elegance meets NYC Flare TOPLINE: Ultra modern, trendy boutique with large, comfortable rooms. This hotel is ideal for the young and the young at heart looking to experience the flare of NYC. Located on 40th between Fifth and Sixth Avenues, the Bryant Park features modern decor, and is set in the heart of midtown Manhattan. Venture down the hotel steps to be greeted by a wonderful urban park inviting you to mingle with urbanites. Venture further from the hotel and you stumble upon Fifth Avenue shopping, the Manhattan Mall (Seventh and 32nd) as well as the Empire State Builing, Times Square, Rockefeller Center and Broadway. If you're headed downtown, simply jump on the Red line located on 42nd. This is the hotel to splurge on - enjoy the location and modern feel.The rooms are well sized, and include a CD player, large tub for two, separate shower and soaps and lotions that my wife loved. While we did not have the opportunity to visit the sushi restuarant or the Bar, it did appear that the Bryant Park was the place to be. Having stayed on the 11th floor, I did not encounter any of the street noise that some reviewers note. The gym on the fifth floor is more than suitable for travelers. If you're interested in catching a broadway show you can purchase discounted tickets (35%-50% off) the day of the show at TKTS. The location in Times Square is the most popular and features lines in excess of 2 hours. The trick is to jump on the Red line and head down to the Southside Seaport. Get off the subway at Fulton and go to the TKTS located on John and Front. Head over there after 2:00pm when tickets are released and wait a mere 5 minutes.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>OLD_PROFILE
<Content>Good points and bad The good: The rooms were lovely - spacious bedroom and bathroom, with great freebie soaps and stuff. Nice to have a CD player in the room. Service was fine, nothing bad to report.The bad: The Bryant Park is a hotel that thinks it's a nightclub. It's quite noisy if you're trying to sleep and you're facing the park itself, and the breakfasts in the room were really not that great considering what I've heard about NY brekkies.  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal in NYC       view of terrace and living area of junior suite  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant surprise I read reviews about The Bryant Park before booking a special rate on Expedia, and was a little worried that our stay may not have been worth the price we were paying for a junior suite. Luckily, I turned out to be wrong...I called the hotel the day before to let them know that I may arrive early and asked, if possible, for an early check-in. When I arrived the next morning, the front desk greeted me warmly, granted me access to my room, and I was even further pleased to discover that my special request had been granted (for a separate tub (large one as well!) and shower stall, plus a view of the park). Overall, our room was simple yet tastefully decorated and I loved the large windows which allowed plenty of natural light (not to worry for those who don't - screens and drapes are on all windows to block out the light). The location of the hotel was perfect. It's within walking distance to both Grand Central (10 mins) and Penn Station (15 - 20 mins), 2 blocks from the heart of Times Square, and major stores (Macy's, Victoria's Secret, Gap etc) and shopping avenues (Madison, 5th). I also fell in love with Bryant Park - the perfect place to take your breakfast, lunch, etc. or to relax on a beautiful day. I certainly recommend Pax, the cafe/deli on the corner by the hotel, for good food at a reasonable price. Also, if you are a sushi lover, book reservations at Koi, the restaurant in the hotel...a little pricey but well worth it.All in all, my stay was a memorable one. I will be returning to The Bryant Park...  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awesome my boyfriend recently took me there 2weeks ago for the first - i loved it -so close to 5th ave and the staff was great , we also went to the bar inside which was alot of fun! i loved it!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>monument2
<Content>best linen ever I have to say my highlight staying here was the bed linen It was sensational - enough so i really wanted to buy some!We had a great overnight stay - lay in the park, service was fine although we didnt eat at the restuaraunt. its a great location with tonnes of stuff to do around there, would suggest you stay here a few nights  then go downtown so you get a slice of both worlds.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Better than expected I like NY and part of the thrill for me is staying at different hotels.I paid $224 per night for a deluxe room with bath (vey deep and long) and a separate glassed off wet room/shower with a view of Bryant Park.The room was stunning, better than the Soho Grand, 60 Thompson, Paramount etc.The doormen and reservationists were friendly and efficient. Macey's and Times Square just a short stroll away.I arrived at 11pm on a Thursday night and was not confronted with a nightclub scene!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loulou410
<Content>Not a Hotel, but a social club Terrible, terrible hotel. Service unbelievably bad. Check-in was chaotic. Everything you ask the staff to do is too much trouble, they seem to think that they are far to cool to be dealing with anything. On the third night of our stay we returned to the room to a very rude message saying that if we hadn't checked out of the room by 12 we would be charged for an extra night. When I pointed out to the staff we were staying a further two nights they said we know you are, as if this was perfectly normal. I would have let this go, it they hadn't done exactly the same thing the next day!! Worse still they then charged my credit card for the late checkouts on the two nights, even though I was already paying to stay there!! This took over four months to sort out - and at no point did I ever get an apology. The bar is great here - but if you are looking for a hotel please, please think again.I won't ever be returning.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location Contemporary hotel in an ideal location for sightseeing and shopping. Right next to a subway station and an easy walk to Times square make this an ideal choice for those on a long weekend visit. We had a room at the front of the hotel on one of the lower levels which gave a great view of the park but it could be noisy outside at night with work being undertaken in the park opposite, however this was the usual level of urban noise that you frequently get in in city centre hotels. Although the bar is pricey this reflects the general area the hotel is located in and there are plenty of alternative venues close to hand. Area felt safe at night (with usual sensible precautions) to walk in. Numerous places to eat in the local vicinity if you move off the main roads. Staff were pleasant and housekeeping excellent. I would recommend primarily on the back of its location and cleanliness.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CincinnatiTravelers
<Content>Water woes Stayed at the Bryant Park for two nights in August. Got a fantastic rate on a deluxe room through a third party website, but when we checked in we were initially charged a higher rate. Fortunately, I had a printed confirmation with me and the confirmed rate was honored. Furnishings were fabulous to look at but not the most comfortable. The shocker was actually the shower- the water started out warm and as the shower progressed the water became freezing cold. We contacted the front desk and a maintenance person arrived almost immediately. He noted that since the occupancy was a little low it would take time for the hot water to circulate. After letting the water run for a full 5-6 minutes we finally had hot water. Unfortunately, the mixer on the shower must not have been working well because we could not adjust the temperature to a comfortable level. The same thing happened the following day. I also noticed a huge tear in one of the bathrobes provided with the room. We were given drink coupons for the Cellar Bar, but when we popped down there during bar hours it was deserted and the bartender was no where to be seen. For approximately the same room rate, I recommend the Benjamin.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You're on your own.... We stayed at this hotel the day after getting engaged, to prolong and enjoy our engagement weekend. We totally agree with the reviews about poor service and not being able to decide whether they are a night club. When we checked in, told them that we had just gotten engaged and could they give us a romantic room/make our stay special... They told us they were giving us a room overlooking the park (also what we reserved). Our room actually overlooked a rooftop with the park allllll the way to the right. Nothing special was done for us. When we asked for help with dinner reservations, they were completely clueless (the front desk receptionist didn't ever hear the term Tapas Bar) - and for some reason there was no concierge on duty at 8pm on a saturday evening. We had to find our own restaurant, and when we did, we were finally helped in making a reservation. The rooms were clean and pretty chic in their decor. The lobby was pretty funky but very loud when you first walked in and definitely felt like you were walking into a dance club. The door man didn't open the door for us once. If you don't want anyone to bother you or help you, this is the place to stay!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location for seeing the city The Bryant Park is ideally situated in midtown NY. It has a subway station right next door and Times Square is 2mins away. The room was great, especially the bathroom. Large TV, CD, robes, excellent beds....all as you'd expect from a quality hotel. When you enter it does feel more like a nightclub than hotel, its all black and red decor with the staff in all black outfits and dance music piped throughout. As a base to see the city its ideal and if you like nightlife and a 'cool' scene its definately the place to be. However if you want traditional grandeur in your hotel choice you may want to try somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bryant Park needs to work on the service The Bryant Park Hotel is a nice hotel with a great location. However the service was not the best. My husband and I were working in New York when my grandfather passed away in VA. There was a snow storm that had just come thru and a lot of flights were canceled. We needed to stay an extra night b/c of the weather and there was only 1 flight to Virginia where the funeral was being held. They gave me attitude and said, Well we're sold out tonight, but I can put you on a list.. Perhaps they didn't realize that no one would be able to fly in to the city and wouldn't be checking in or maybe they are just really rude and insensitive. I've stayed at numerous hotels in New York and have never seen such poor customer service.That incident aside the hotel staff seemed to lack the initiative to make guests feel welcome. And I totally agree with the review that stated that they need to decide if they are a hotel or a night club. The night club crowd is not what you want to see when you've spent all day working in the city. The lobby music is horrible (and I'm in my twenties)! On a positive note I will say that the restuarant ILO is pretty good (again the AM service was not so great). It's not the worst hotel...it's also not the best.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, nice location This is a nice place to stay at while visiting NY. The rooms are very trendy and the hotel bar is very cool as well as the restaurant. The hotel is right across the street from Bryant Park and if you get a nice day the park is beautiful and romantic to stroll through. They even thought of little details like an umbrella in the room which we used at midnight to take a midnight stroll thru times square two blocks away.This is a nice place and if you are looking for a nice place in Midtown this could be a winner!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Freezing cold in New York My wife and I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights from 31/03/04 to 05/04/04 to celebrate our first wedding annevisary.The hotel at first glance is quite an attractive property and is well located for most points of interest in the city.The issue with the hotel is lack of service!!Our room was very cold and we were unable to increase the temperture of the room via the inroom control panel.We contacted the front desk only to be told that the hotels heating system was off but they would have a person come to the room to check the controls.Having looked at the system the repair man said there was afault with the system and it was blasting out cold air.He agreed to come back the next morning to fix it.He did not return.We complained again.Again a repair man came and agreed the room was very cold.He was unable to fix the problem by which time we were leaving.Despite having the issue brought to the attention of the hotel manager,no attempt was made to contact us or even apologise.My advice next time you visit New York is to pay the extra and stay in a proper,established property and not one that seems to be unable to decide if it is a hotel or a night club.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!!!!!!!!!! What can I say anything thing other than AWESOME! We were treated spectacularly from start to finish! The Concierge Michael got us awesome Broadway show tickets, the staff was on top of all our needs and we paid for one package but upgraded automatically to a beautiful 7th floor, grand deluxe overlooking the park. We stayed at The Iroquois last trip and while it was a beautiful hotel, The Bryant Park surpassess the Iroquois on all levels! This is going to be Our Hotel for all our trips into Manhattan. I will say that the staff stated that Fashion weeks are not the optimal time stay there unless you are part of Fashion week, they are crazy busy and rooms are limited! This is our new NYC Home!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money...   showReview(1746841, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great birthday   showReview(1742741, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Love The Bryant Park!   showReview(1664612, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Amazing from Check-In to Check-Out   showReview(1660786, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dee2673
<Content>Awesome room...but the price doesn't guarantee great service   showReview(1548869, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware Your Credit Card   showReview(1526019, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very chill   showReview(1499880, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Peacful retreat   showReview(1257956, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZoyaG
<Content>Nice, but not fabulous   showReview(1144751, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bryant Park Hotel - Great Hotel !   showReview(927924, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LillePluton
<Content>Le top!   showReview(23375547, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bneu
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(22381898, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent trendy hotel in nyc midtown manhatan   showReview(20550923, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>louloulouloute
<Content>une situation exceptionelle et un superbe hotel       vue chambre  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht nur aufgrund der Lage immer eine gute Wahl.   showReview(20550922, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(19641210, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>allantz
<Content>Extra   showReview(18352565, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good Location   showReview(17432506, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rocchetta
<Content>Sex and the city al Bryant Park Hotel   showReview(16849809, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Service Excellent et chaleureux!   showReview(15570676, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prestation tr猫s correct   showReview(15570675, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15570674, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel pour un voyage inoubliable   showReview(14728854, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vestal
<Content>interessant   showReview(14086031, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脺berragend!!!   showReview(13975164, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>posizione magica   showReview(13197983, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bonnes prestations   showReview(13197982, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder ein Genuss   showReview(11306012, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Val04
<Content>Super   showReview(10850043, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolut empfehlenswert   showReview(11661074, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super S茅jour   showReview(11306011, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jiadina
<Content>bryant park...molto fashion.   showReview(8614926, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sar脿 sempre il mio albergo a new york   showReview(11445461, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel clairement 脿 la hauteur et tr猫s branch茅, demandez une vue sympa...   showReview(11430424, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>the Bryant Park Hotel   showReview(11365299, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 et surtout tr猫s bien fr茅quent茅... un lieu branch茅 !   showReview(11349747, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Tres confortable et tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(11331112, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

