<Author>EiramS
<Content>Highly recommended Stayed here three nights recently, excellent value for money, very friendly staff, delicious breakfast buffet, very clean room. The hotel is just five minutes from Estacio Sants metro station, where both the airport bus and the hop-on hop-off tourist bus also stop.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>VilniusTraveller
<Content>Okay, but some unpleasant problems 1. Our reservation via Active Hotels did not reach the reception desk of the H10 Itaca hotel in Barcelona, though it was done well in advance. I do not know which institution is 鈥済uilty鈥?- Active Hotels or H10 staff. Fortunately this problem was solved by the smart guy at the reception, but the fact itself is disappointing (what if there were no free rooms).2. Room was very small and noisy, overlooking the main street. Of course, in principle one could close the window, and to switch on the ventilation by AC. Unfortunately the noise of the buzzing AC was on the same level as that of the noisy street.3. The room service was careless. One day we had to ask for the shampoo, etc.4. There are no carpeting on the floors. It is itself uncomfortable, but the main problem was that the staff usually started cleaning the neighboring rooms very early (even at about 7), loudly sliding the beds, and producing a lot of noise that could be heard in our room. 5. The breakfast was OK, but not extraordinary. We have tasted better ones even in the 3-star hotels.6. Very expensive for the quality (125 Euros for the small and noisy room). 7. In general, the quality of the hotel is at about 3-star level, and for sure does not reach 4 stars.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	2	4	

<Author>CouplePortugal
<Content>Good and bad We stayed there for 5 nights.The Good.First of all location was very good - 3 minutes walking to the Sants Station wish gives access to train, bus and metro.Secondly the breakfast at the hotel offers a lot of variety and staff are helpful.The bad:The room faced the road and was extremely noisy - especially as the road seems to be used by every ambulance in Barcelona!! This made it difficult to get a good nights sleep.Secondly, the hotel appears to only have one music CD - which they play in the lift, at breakfast and in all public areas. Must admit that having heard the CD continuously for 5 days - will not be rushing out to buy same CD!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Zeke008
<Content>Overnight Stay We were staying just 1 night, a stop over on the way to our main holiday hotel. The guy at reception was welcoming and very friendly, and offered us a glass of Cava to welcome us which was nice. The room was nice too but very small, I felt quite claustrophobic in it so very glad we weren't there any more than 1 night. Breakfast was fine, nothing startling, just the usual basics. There isn't much nearby, you have to walk a few blocks to get to anywhere with much happening. I would recommend this hotel but only to people staying 1 night.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>charliegirl_b
<Content>Quick visit We stayed here overnight as a quick stop over before our cruise. We arrived just before midnight and the taxi from the airport to the hotel was around 20 Euro. They offered champange on arrival which was a nice touch. There were two computers in the lobby connected to the internet free of charge. We went to our room and it was so small the bed actually touched the mini fridge and there was only one bed side table as there wasnt enough room to fit two. The bed was rock hard but I actually found it very comfortable. My husband who is 6 foot 4 had not just his feet but all his lower legs hanging over the end of the bed but he is used to that. We were hungry when we arrived but couldnt find any where open so ended up at a little convenience store and grabbed some snacks to tide us over till breakfast. The breakfast was nice with some eggs and lots of cereals, fruits and pastries. There was some cold meats but no bacon or cooked meats. The hotel ordered us a taxi and it was there within seconds. The taxi ride to the cruise port was around 10 to 15 minutes and cost less than 20 Euro.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Dragan_Dj
<Content>Extra nice hotel! We spent great 9 days in this hotel and enjoy in very specific, pleasantly and relax atmosphere. Room was very clean, comfortable, with big bathroom and all necessary accessories. Buffet breakfast is excellent with various choices for each taste. Hotel is 5 min by walk from main train station (Sants) and two metro station (Sants and Taragona). Also, if you want to walk you need 40 min to reach Placa Catalunya or 15 min to reach Placa d'Espanya.In same building is supermarket. I could recommend this hotel to everyone and I'll surely stay there during my next visit to Barcelona!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cinghiali
<Content>Quite good but.. Quite good, near the city centre, but not too clean (for a 4 stars). Moreover there was a lot of noise since there were work in progress at the first floor (for all the 5 days of our stay) and so, from 8 am until 12 am it was IMPOSSIBLE to sleep...it could have been better.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>We_heart_adventure
<Content>Wonderful little hotel - despite rock hard bed We found a great rate on this room (80 Euros a night) using booking.com. The hotel is located very close to Barcelona Sants (the main train station). It was a perfect location for us. We enjoy walking, and were able to walk to all of the tourist sites in Barcelona (it can take up to an hour for those who don't like to walk as much).The room was clean and comfortable with the exception of the rock hard bed. Even with the hard bed, we were not disappointed at all. The bathroom was large and clean. The staff were friendly. The welcome drink was a nice touch. There are computers with Internet in the lobby (free of charge). There is an exercise room on the top floor and a jacuzzi on the roof (although the jacuzzi wasn't working the one night that we wanted to use it). The breakfast at this hotel is second to none. They go way above and beyond any of the other hotels that we have visited. There is a wide assortment of yoghurts, cheese, meats, breads, cereals, vegetables, fruits, hot foods, cakes/croissants/doughnuts, juices, coffees and more. It was really great. We would recommend this hotel to tourists, couples, and business people.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WayneOttawa
<Content>A review from a Canadian - services could improve The TV and air conditioner did not work. Both the shower head and water temperature were unstable. The frequent changes water temperature caused significant discomfort.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EddieLondonEngland
<Content>Good Value We stayed here for four nights and found the hotel to be clean, modern and comfortable. As previously mentioned it is situated away from the centre of town and necessitated a 15 minute trip on the Metro to the Ramblas and port areas. We found the Breakfast to be fine and the room plenty big enough. The hotel is a five minute walk from Sants station which made it easy for connections to the airport and places further away such as Montserrat and Sitges. The staff were friendly and efficient which made a pleasent stay.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>richeyint
<Content>Not to repeat :( I got a good deal for 3 nights but would had preferred to pay more for a nicer hotel.When I got to my room it was so small that there was not even space to put a chair to use the desk to work. I requested a solution and they were very fast assigning me another room with more space and a chair!Internet is fast but it has restrictions to access my work network. It鈥檚 the first time it happened to me. I could not use my email for 3 days鈥?This is unacceptable.First nigh there were no black out curtains meaning that I could not sleep with the light. I asked for a protection for the eyes and they were very efficient providing it.A telephone in the corridor was always ringing and as the doors have no sound proof at all. It was a nightmare being waken up all the time.In the morning I mentioned that the mini bar and the scale in the WC were not working.Nothing was done. In the evening I mentioned again the mini bar not working. A made came and just plugged it in a different plug and it started working鈥? (No follow up at all)Second night they put the black outs but the phone in the corridor was still ringing and worse than that there was a working area just outside the room and the room cleaners were talking very loud all morning. I had to go out and ask them to respect the silence.Reception staff is nice and I did not try breakfast.The location is not very central but this is not a problem at all as there are taxis all the time or you can even walk.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	2	4	3	1	

<Author>jimcrow21
<Content>Great Hotel for a Pretty Good Price The H10 Itaca Hotel is one of the most beautiful, price-minded hotel I've stayed at in Europe. Rooms are very modern, view is not bad at all, and staff is courteous though finding a English speaking worker can be difficult at times during the night. For about $200 my party managed to get a room with a King sized bed. Bathroom was beautiful but did not have a lock on the door, which I found would be a little weird and a little uncomforting if one is no travelling with a BF, GF, or spouse. Noise from the street is not a problem though the location of the place isn't ideal (nearby attractions are a good deal away, must take cab).Overall if you want a very romantic getaway with modern furnishing and courteous high end service, and isn't super expensive, this is the place to be!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>selma19
<Content>An excellent hotel The hotel was very clean (and I have high standards), the breakfast was diverse enough, all of the staff were very helpful, and especially the reception staff. The hotel is located very close to the central bus station. It is on a busy street, but we've had absolutely no problem with noise. It's not too close to the city center (half an hour's walk), but we were there for a vacation and didn't mind walking at all. La Pedrera is quite near. The price is not excellent I admit, but you do get what you paid for.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Rambler
<Content>Better than you'd think I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights as part of a business trip to Barcelona. Having been to this city as a tourist on several previous occasions, I wasn't expecting much from this hotel (which my company chose for me) - mainly due to the location near Sants station.It is true that the location is a little uninspiring and the views to the front of the property are of the main road whilst the rear looks onto apartment blocks. Nevertheless, once inside, the hotel punches above it's weight.Reception is clean,modern and efficient. There is a small bar area with outdoor seating and a friendly (if a little quiet) atmosphere.The rooms are also clean, tidy and with reasonably modern.fittings. Tea making facilities are provided - but no coffee!!. The TV service is ok but not much for English language speakers (or any language other than Spanish for that matter).Breakfast on my first day was fairly extensive and good. Served in a bright restaurant on the first floor. Inexplicably, the next day was poor with no hot food available and no reason given.If you are a tourist, there are better located choices, but don't dismiss this hotel. The price is fair and the metro is nearby. Journeytime to Las Ramblas is just 8 minutes and only 1.25 euro. If you're here for the football, it isn't too far to see Barca either.On the whole, for business this is a good choice. It does everything you need without subjecting you to the nightmare city centre traffic. For the tourist - consider it but bear in mind that you'll need to be hopping on/off the metro regularly.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>MarkyMAmsterdam
<Content>3 stars, not 4 I would not regard the H10 Itaca to be a 4-star hotel to international standards. Rooms and beds are small. Rooms range from 9 to 12 square metres. The smaller rooms do not even leave any space for a suitcase, as there is just enough space to walk around the bed and have no comfort chair or anything like it. The larger rooms (12 sq. m) do have a comfort chair and space to stow luggage. Double bed is just 1.50 x 1.90 m. Too short for many people. Sheets in stead of duvet. Airco really insufficient. Elevators extremely small , warm and clautrofobic. Breakfast buffet is rather fine and open until 11am in the summer season. Location is ok, but do not expect to be in the city center or near any restaurants.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>buff98216
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was everything I wanted. The location is not optimal for those who are on foot, but the main train/subway station, Sants-Estaci贸, less than a 5 minute walk away and from there you can get anywhere in minutes. The staff spoke english very well and was extremely helpful and all areas of the hotel including the rooms were very clean. I especially liked the buffet breakfast which was a little pricey but had anything you would want for breakfast. I have stayed at a few different hotels in Barcelona and this was my favorite by far.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>euro_train_traveller
<Content>Great hotel What a great hotel!Everything was excellent from the champagne on arrival to the rooftop jacuzzi (takes a bit of finding - up the stairs from the 7th floor and use your keycard in the door at the top).Spacious air conditioned rooms, free wifi  internet terminals, great buffet breakfast, and unusually for Barcelona, relatively quiet.Will definately be at the top of my list next time I visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>perino
<Content>Like noise - this is the hotel for you We arrived late on a Thursday night for a 3 night stay. Got to the room and the air conditioning didn麓t work. Called the desk - a/c is off due to it being winter. It was 27 degrees in the room. OK plan b - open the window. Not a good idea, the noise from the road is just beyound normal. We moved to a room on the back for the last two nights, which was not much better.Staff are ok, not great and doesn麓t seem to care about guest, this is with the exception of the day time front desk staff who are nice and helpful.This is not a clean hotel and I certainly would not eat the breakfast - if there is any left after 9:30am (!!!).I will never stay at this hotel again and recommend others to insist on a room on the back and that only to stay if a/c is working.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>fkaway
<Content>Hotel OK, noisy road We, 4 friends, stayed at this hotel in 2 twin bed rooms for a long weekend. The hotel is just minutes away by food from the main train station Sants. A train ride last approx. 20Min. and costs EUR2.50/p.P., our taxi ride back to the airport took approx. 15Min. and costs us EUR18.95. Cabs are cheap in the city, so we only used once the subway. But be aware: taxis are hard to catch in evening/night times, even at this hotel: just be patience!In the very same building you'll find a bank with an ATM and a nice supermarket.In the hotel lobby there are 2 free-internet-stations with a printer, a bar and a terrace, facing the residential area. Our rooms on the 5th floor had a parquet flooring, indoor safe, TV, desk. The generous bathroom with a mirror wall has a hair dryer, dental set, razor set, shoe shining set. In our rooms the AC wasn't working so we needed to sleep with open windows. Unfortunately, the Ave de Roma ist a relatively busy street where many ambulances passed by vocally. The breakfast buffet was ok, could have been more diversified and with a more efficient staff.Generelly spoken, the hotel staff is helpful and friendly. The hotel was ok, neat and absolutely OK f眉r a weekend.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>niceIrishMan
<Content>Pretty good This is a 2 minute walk from Sants train station in a very quiet area. Its only 5 minutes on the metro into central Barcelona. The room was spotlessly clean and well made up and the bathroom was the same. We asked for a larger room and didnt get one. It was quite small but there are much larger rooms. Try and push to get one. Breakfast was fine and decent - nothing spectacular and the staff were reasonably polite and helpful. It wont blow your socks off but it was a good experience.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BostonTravelerBoston
<Content>Great Front Desk Staff Hotel Stay January 24-29, 2007, H10 Itaca Barcelona. My wife and I, late 40s, experienced travellers, from Boston MA.Plusses: Very helpful and friendly front desk staff. They recommended excellent restaurants (Pexeirot, nearby; La Fonda del Port Olimpic, on the water several miles away), and were very responsive to some noise issues (baby constantly crying in room next door, rude young people talking and smoking in the hall outside our room at 3am). They moved us to a room away from the baby (hotel walls are quite thin and noise carries right through them), and spoke to the rude guests (as did I), who improved their behavior. Breakfast is good (though in our opinion not as outstanding as some have indicated in their reviews), and service friendly.  Location was fine for us - near subway and train stations, a stop of the city tourist bus, and a large grocery store. Barcelona is quite large, and has many beautiful, wide boulevards. Our favorite attraction was the Conjunt Monumental de la Placa del Rei, just off Les Ramblas. It features a catwalk tour 'above' ruins of the old Roman city of Barcino - fascinating. The MNAC (National Museum), on the other hand, was a disappointment - but the building itself, and the views from it, are inspiring. The MNAC and Place Espanyol are a short walk from the hotel. The location felt safe to us as well, and we often walked in this area at night, and other areas of Barcelona, without incident.Free wireless access a big plus, though strength of signal and speed of access varied quite a bit. There are also two PCs in the lobby for guests, with a printer.The staff in the restaurant was also very friendly and efficient at breakfast each morning.Another excellent restaurant: Tragaluz, near the Diagonal subway station (Passatge de la Conceptio 5, 93-487-01-96). Our meal was terrific, and the restaurant is beautiful (as is Pexeirot, which also has a pianist every night). Keep in mind that folks eat late in Spain - many restaurants do not open until 8:30pm, and even then you'll likely be eating without many others until 9:00, 9:30 or even later.Negatives: Small rooms, uncomfortable (hard) beds (we found this to be the case in all 3 hotels we stayed at in Spain - each supposed to be rated 4 stars), and very thin walls that allow normal conversation - and lots more - to be easily heard in the next room. The noise from the street (front side of hotel) and a playground/common area (back side of hotel) could interfere with sleep if you like the window open. And the windows - the drapes are installed in such a a way that they interfere with the way the window opens, which was a bit of a pain.Overall, we liked the hotel, most especially because the staff was very helpful and friendly. Great rates at Otel.com ($107 US per night, inclusive of breakfast and all taxes).Watch out for the cab drivers. While we had several good ones, we had several who were obviously dismissive of US tourists, and one who outright tried to cheat us. The subway system is fast, inexpensive and efficient, though we did not get to use it as much as we had intended.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FiveTimesWinners
<Content>Nice Hotel We booked this hotel via lastminute.com and got a room including breakfast on a Sunday night for 拢45, much reduced on the advertised rate.As away from the main tourist area, restaurants are somewhat scarse. However we found a nice Chinese just around the corner (turn left out of hotel, then left at lights) which worked out at less than 拢15 for starters, two main meals and a couple of drinks.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>annchgo
<Content>Pretty good stay I stayed here on business for a week. Everything was clean, updated and the staff was generally friendly (with some exceptions). We used the parkage garage, which was convenient. It was also handy to have a bank and a grocery store all right in the same property, so ATM withdrawels and grabbing bottled water was no problem. The only problem is that the hotel itself isn't really near any of the Barcelona sites. We did walk every evening to Las Ramblas, so it is walkable, but a bit of a hike. The train station is not too far away and there are some restaurants in that area as well (we ate at a good middle eastern place in that area). It was easy to get to the airport from the hotel. And the hotel restaurant was very good. I had a room on the back of the hotel and it was very quiet. The front of the hotel faces a major roadway, but I do not know if rooms on that side have more noise or not.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Vvegas
<Content>Good but not 4 star A nice basic hotel with friendly staff. Clean and comfortable and probably merits a 3 star. Excellent breakfasts.5 minute walk from railway station so connecting to the airport is easy and cheap (2.4 Euros). Taxi rates to airport varied from 22 Euro to 34 Euro depending on the driver !!If using the metro or buses be careful of pickpockets.Don't trust anyone in the streets anywhere in Barcelona, even people pretending to be tourists asking for directions. We were mugged and duped for cash by fake policemen.Barcelona is an excellent place with many good places to visit but majority of the locals are undesirable. Con artists everywhere and police not interested unless you lose your passport or credit cards. Beware!!!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	5	4	4	

<Author>pelbro
<Content>good hotel, great service We checked Tripadvisor reviews for the H10 Itaca and, on the strength of the positive comments, we booked two rooms for us and for friends who were passing through Barcelona on their way home. We were impressed with the cleanliness of the rooms, friendly helpful attitude of the staff and the variety and quality of the buffet breakfast. We also had a very nice late supper sitting outside on the terrace, which was most pleasant. The hotel is near the railway station, Sants, but a bit far from the centre. The metro is easy to use, however, and we had no problem getting around and seeing the sights. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine Hotel but a beat far from centre We are from Lisbon, PortugalWe liked the Hotel, but it麓s a beat far from center. At night is ok, no noise. But if you want to dinner near by you dont have many choices, only small caf茅s.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>columbusrobbie
<Content>Great Breakfasts! Pleasant staff.Rooms are well priced and very comfortable. The breakfasts were fantastic and although we didn't use the restaurant, the menus were varied and appeared to represent good value. This hotel gives the impression that it's a business rather than leisure hotel, but there was a very warm welcome from the reception staff and there were plenty of tourists staying while we were there. The hotel is slightly out of the old centre of Barcelona but is just a couple of hundred metres from the Metro and the main line that curves around past Montjuic and Las Ramblas along through Placa Catalunya. It's handily placed for sight seeing. Also, just a short 10 minute walk from Barcelona Sants train station, so easy to get to from the airport by train if you prefer. All in all, cracking value if you're not paying full price for the room and it won't disappoint. Prior to going, I read a review on here that it's noisy, but I found it no more noisy than most city centre hotels I've stayed in.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>E Hannigan
<Content>Very Noisy at Night We booked a three night stay in this Hotel at the end of February. Our main complaint was in relation to the noise. The first night we stayed apparently there was a match on in Barcelona and certain guests staying on our floor who were there for the night and the match kept us awake until 4.30 a.m. I actually had to go out myself and ask them to stay quiet - not what you want on your holidays. The second night was much better only be woken by maids servicing the bedroom above us (wooden floors - do not help) at about 7 a.m. We were again kept awake again on our final night by guests running around corridors and in and out of rooms around us.Did find staff very pleasant but wish that the night staff would patrol more and be effective in keeping noise at bay. Although we did complain at Reception about the noise - did not get much sympathy. Breakfast good and location although a litte far out of town not the worst.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>los_santos
<Content>5 star service I had very nice business/culture experience in Barcelona this week. I booked hotel Itaca through h10.es website, room prices on double for single use were 67 euros for two nights and 83 e for last night including breakfast buffee. What you麓ll get is five star service for price of three or four. Free Cava for welcoming and on breakfast though other guests were quite passive having a free drink. There is a large supermercado around the corner where you can get drinks, crisps etc. cheaply so you don麓t have to pay high minibar prices. Room was small but comfortable. Bathroom was equipped with toiletries and many towels. No bathrobe though.Breakfast buffee was standard, greasy scrambled eggs and bacon to satisfy british customers. Coffee pot was served to table but coffee was only warm not hot.Location of hotel Itaca is very good. Avinguada de Roma is busy street but noise isn麓t so much issue. It is couple of hundred meters to Barcelo Sants train station and to metro.It took about 30 minutes to walk to the Catalonia plaza. Taxi costs from 6 to 9 euros.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>epic_swell
<Content>Book this hotel and soak in the bath..... Very good hotel. Stayed there for four nights Sep '05. Check in was very straight forward with a glass of cava and friendly, multilingual staff.Once we unpacked we had a tour of the city, upon our return in the late evening there was a welcome letter with a selection of chocolate coated fruit awaiting us. A very nice gesture I thought.I did not avail of many of the hotel services, Breakfast on the last day was ok, Ive had better in other hotels to be honest. Not worth the price. The hotel worked out at Eur125 Per night(without b/fast). When going to visit the city center etc we got the metro at sants station which is just a few mins walk away. You can also get the bus turistic from here.I would stay here again.Oh, and make use of the bathroom, buy some candles and share a bath...that was sweet :D  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PepeMiami
<Content>Very good hotel Were there four nights, having booked via utell,com. Paid euro 101 per night, tax and breakfast included. You can also go direct to their website (---) for reservations and rate comparison.Breakfast is excellent (hot dishes, fruits, cakes, pastry, cheese, yoghurt, etc) and is located 4 blocks fron Sants train station. It has a metro station at three blocks distance, that will take you to Plaza Cataluna in 7 minutes.Small restaurants around the hotel, with local food at very reasonable prices.Not far from airport (taxi cost: euro18)Two computers and a printer are available in the lobby (called business center!!) and worked when we needed to use them  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveller853
<Content>Nice Hotel I decided to stay at the H10 Itaca on the recommendation of the reviews in tripadvisor.com and the great deal I got from Expedia. I was not disappointed. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the rooms clean and well maintained. There have been some reports about the variable shower temperature but I did not experience it in the four nights I stayed there. Maybe they have fixed the problem or maybe I was just lucky. A reviewer also complained about the noisy ventillation system but again I did not find this a problem. The hotel staff set the ventillation on maximum boost as a default but you can switch it to low so that your sleep is not disturbed. However, you will experience some road noise as the hotel is on a main road but the double glazing ensures that this is not a significant problem.The hotel provide a wonderful buffet breakfast but at 14 euros it is quite expensive. You could eat in a nearby cafe but I decided to splash out and didn't regret it. The food is of the highest calibre and is enough to keep you going for most of the day.I found the free access to the internet terminals quite useful where you could check your emails, the weather, timetables etc etc. And,you could stock up cheaply on supplies for the day from the supermarket right next door. This made the mini-bar rather superfluous.The location of this hotel is ideal if you are looking for somewhere away form the noise of the city centre and, dare I say it, the sort of guests who are likely to keep you awake all night. You could hear other guests, especially in the bathroom, but it was nothing to complain about. The location is also good if you are staying several nights and intend to take day trips to Stiges and Montserrat (both are worth it). Sants station is a stop for the Tourist Bus which costs 17 euros for one day and 21 euros for two days. As the tourist sites are well spaced apart, I would advise paying for this, especially if you are a first time visitor to Barcelona. Going independent, using the T tickets, is best done by those who know their way around.So, in conclusion, the H10 Itaca is an above average hotel which I thoroughly recommend. The only downside is that there is not much in the way of restaurants and entertainment in the area. However, it is easy to get into the city centre and then retreat to your hotel refuge at the end of the day. There is going to be a little walking involved (Sants station is 5 to 10 mins away) so if you are disabled or you are just plain lazy, you might prefer somewhere else. Also, if you are staying only a couple of nights you might find yourself better off at a city centre hotel like the H10 Universitat as you will want to see the main attractions quickly, but you must expect to pay a heavy price for this and your room is likely to be the size of a cupboard.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful experience I just returned from a European vacation and my first stop was Barcelona. I stayed at H10 Itaca Hotel with my 21 year old nephew ( his 1st trip abroad) After a long flight delay and being awake for nearly 24 hrs, we were greeted by a truly friendly staff and a glass of regional champagne.The front desk staff answered all of my questions about the city clearly and consisely, and in perfect English. Our room was very clean and well decorated. There was a full bathroom filled with many toiletries for our use. The beds were comfortable and the aircondition was much appreciated. The location of the hotel was ideal: a two minute walk to the train station, a ten/fifteen minute walk to Avd. Diagonal,next to a supermarket,and in a safe neighborhood. The staff provided wake up calls and taxi's when neccessary and seemed genuinely sincere in all their efforts. The breakfast buffet was enormous and delicious. I would hole heartedly recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to Barcelona, on a budget or not. I made my reservations thru hotels.com based on reviews I read on tripadvisor.com. Enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Katya10
<Content>Average stay at the Itaca This hotel was okay. Nicely close to a RENFE station, but not close to much of anything else, including any good restaurants. It's a good ten minute walk to a Metro stop, and then a few stops down to get to La Rambla. Compared to our stay in Madrid, after a few days we were sick of walking.No room service at this hotel, although the restaurant is nice and the staff is friendly. Good bar in the lobby. Our last 24 hours there, a large group must have come in because the noise level increased ten-fold and was VERY annoying. Equally annoying was the shower temperature - which regularly fluctuated while one was taking a shower. With the exception of the restaurant staff, hotel staff was neutral towards us, at best. They seemed perpetually busy at the front desk, with nary a minute to answer any questions courteously.What was most frustrating, however, were the lack of directions for how to use ANYTHING. I had to ask how to use the phone, my husband, after a half hour, finally figured out how to hook up our laptop to the wireless internet access, which costs money per hour. We could barely figure out how to turn on the lights. Absolutely nothing. I found it inconsiderate.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>NGarrity
<Content>Convenient, comfortable, good value (except for breakfast) Booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this site. Our residual concerns from other travellers comments were: potentially poor location; lack of air conditioning; and traffic noise. These were all unfounded. As many others have stated the metro/rail station is very close. If the mood takes you, you can walk to Placa de Catalunya in half an hour. More convenient for walking (15 mins) is the attractive Montjuic park area, that's got a number of places of interest. With the efficient air conditioning on and the window shut we weren't disturbed by traffic noise. The location is pleasant mix of residential and commercial with plenty of choice of cafes within two or three blocks to avoid paying 鈧?4 for hotel breakfast (not included in our deal). Given that you can get an excellent two course lunch with wine for less than this in the city the price is even less attractive. The previous reviewer commented on the variable shower temperature. I didn't notice this myself, but my wife did when I turned on the basin tap. It didn't spoil our stay though. Friendly, efficient staff. Clean and comfortable room. Would I stay there again? Yes.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gymeddie
<Content>excellent, would stay again I booked this hotel after reading the reviews. I booked it primarily for the location as I heard that many hotels near Las Ramblas were quite noisy. The location was excellent with the metro being a few minutes walk away and didn't take long to get us into the centre of Barcelona. The room was lovely-very clean and well maintained. We were on the main road side and were grateful for the soundproofed windows. Although you can still hear the traffic it certainly didn't hamper our sleep! The staff were very friendly, helpful and cheery. We would stay here again on our next trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>peterudd
<Content>what a treat This hotel was quite simply perfect. From the friendly, English-speaking staff and the glass of complimentary Cava on arrival to the nicely-sized, well equiped rooms it was joy to stay at this hotel. I could not recommend this place highly enough for the reasonable mid-range cost. It is well situated, 5 minutes walk from the Estacio de Sants where train, metro, buses and taxis are continually available. From there a 5 minute metro ride had us in downtown Barcelona savouring the sights, sounds and tastes of this beautiful city.Any request made of the hotel staff was dealt with speedily and with good grace. The restaurant menu looked very good but due to time constraints we never got to try their offerings. Each evening, snacks and free mineral water were always available to guests who retired to the canvas covered reception room - very chic. The rooms were well-serviced but my only gripe would be the lack of a kettle and tea/coffee available in the rooms. There was a selection of self-heating drinks available which just seemed too odd and too instant for our liking. The fridge in the room also proved very useful.All in all, WHEN I return to Barcelona (very soon I hope) I will definitely stay at this hotel again. Thankyou TripAdvisor for introducing me this hotel in the first place.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed, shower temperature was very inconsistent Nice hotel, but way too expensive for what you get. I would rather stay at the other hotel we were at in Barcelona that was half the cost and was not half the amenities. I expected more from H10, given that it was twice more expensive than the other hotel we are at earlier in the week. We stayed at H10 to splurge ourselves for our last night in Barcelona. H10 came way short. At close to the top of the list was that the best bed they could give us two twin beds pushed together rather than one queen or king bed. The absolute most disappointing part of our stay was the shower. The shower never held a constant temperature. It was either too hot or too cold, depending on whether someone else in the building was flushing a toilet or taking a shower at the same time. I have never experienced this problem of inconsistent shower temperature in any of my previous stays at any other hotel in the world. A comfortable shower has got to be one of the most important needs for a traveler, myself included. We were thoroughly disappointed.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>aDCtraveler
<Content>good choice for midprice range This hotel is a very good selection in the midprice range. It has helpful English speaking staff. I was pleased to see that they regularly permitted early arrivals to check in early. This is important for persons arriving from a long trip in the morning, and many hotels are unbending on checking in times. The free internet is also a great advantage;the hotel has two terminals both of which were working when I was there. The public rooms are attractive. Several English language news papers available to read. The location of the hotel is good for someone who is staying in several days and plans to visit a variety of sights in Barcelona. There is so much to see in Barcelona and the city is spread out so you may well decide to make use of public transit. I thought that the metro and bus systems were both first rate. The Tarrargona metro stop on Line 3 is most convenient, and Line 5 stop is nearby too. I found the free bus map helpful too. The five day pass for public transit or the five day pass for public transit plus museum and shopping reductions (the latter called the Barcelona Card) is a good buy. Also the hotel is walking distance to the main train station (Sants). The airport bus and train also arrives at the train station. However, if you are just staying in Barcelona for a couple nights and wish to concentrate your time in the Ramblas and the waterfront, you will find this location inconvenient.The hotel is located in an established community of apartment buildings. The neighborhood has several large grocery stores, and other shops and cafes. No big name restaurants nearby although there are several small places serving dinner. You may wish to take metro, bus, or taxi to more active areas for dinner. The back of the hotel faces a large courtyard and children's play area for the neighborhood. It is quiet after about 9pm. Before that time, you will hear the kids if your window is open, but closing the window shut out noise. There was a very soft mechanical sound in my room. I didn't notice it except when everything else was completely silent, and I couldn't identify its origin. I don't think it would matter to the average person, but very light sleepers might notice.My main complaint was that my room was small and there was no sitting chair just an uncomfortable desk chair. The bathroom was good size and well stocked.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EmmaHHerts
<Content>Very nice Hotel I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and I am more than happy with the quality and service we received at the hotel.On arrival we received a glass of champagne, our rooms were very clean and tidy, modern looking with a marble bathroom suite. The hotel is on the main road but we did not find the traffic noise to be too much of a nuisance.Its situated a little further out of the main area but again this was not a problem.. you can buy a 2 day metro card at the station for 8 Euros and La Rambla is easily accessible by metro as well as Sagrada Familia.Would definately go back on a future visit.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jabei
<Content>Very Good...but some small things to be wary of...... I stayed at the Alimara Hotel a couple of years ago and really liked it. This time I wanted something a little closer to the centre. This website has never let me down and I booked the H10 based on reviews here....First the good things......CHAMPAGNE WELCOME.....it was very nice and a good end to our journey.ROOM ..... Was clean  tidy (although two singles pushed together does not make a double!!)BREAKFAST...Booked through the H10 website and got a good price including breakfast...Glad I did, it's the best buffet breakfast I have ever had...almost everything you could want in great quantity.FREE INTERNET ACCESS... Never really knew why people wanted this when on holiday, but it was very useful for trying to get bus times etc.also, a bank machine and big supermarket housed in the same building as the hotel.Now...the not so great things (not bad things!!!) to look out for if it is your first visitLOCATION....It is very close to the Metro  is only 15mins to Las Ramblas by underground (the best way to travel around) but don't expect to walk out of the hotel and see anything very nice around you. It's not a rough area but there is just nothing around....a few bars that didn't look great.ROOM.....Although clean as mentioned above, the hotel is on a pretty busy road and the traffic noise was non stop and quite audible with the windows shut.these are minor gripes and overall I would say the this and the Alimara where I stayed before are much the same...The Alimara has better rooms but this has better breakfast.I would definitley be happy to stay again but will probably stay somewhere else next time as I like to try somewhere different each time.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kmstraveller
<Content>Not bad but it's a bit of a walk We had chosen this hotel based on reviews on Trip Advisor. Overall, our stay was okay. We got to barcelona at 10:00 AM and they let us check in early which was nice. THe hotel is about 5-7 minute walk from the closest subway station and since there's nothing particularly special about the street its on, it can seem like a pretty long and boring walk. There doesn't seem to be air conditioning in the rooms so I can't imagine what styaing here would be like in the middle of summer. We did like the fact that there was two computers with internet connections in the lobby. It's in a pretty quiet area. There's a groccery store about a block away which is good if you want to pick up some water or snacks cheaply. I think we paid about 160 US per night which isn't the best deal. For that money, I think I'd prefer to stay somewhere a little closer to the main tourist areas and even a little closer to a subway station.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>iramcynyc
<Content>Very pleasant stay Great hotel! Clean, modern, comfortable - it's conveniently located next to a major train station where you can find all the lines you need to get to the airport, city centre and sights on the outskirts of town (including Camp Nou for a football match). The hotel staff are friendly and helpful, and they have a couple of computers you can use free of charge to surf the net. We preferred staying at this location to the hotels in the city centre which were in noisy and ultra - touristy areas. I would recommend H10 Itaca to anyone who is even a slightly independent traveler and is willing to spend a few minutes with a city street and public transport map. Plus there is a huge supermarket right next door that has a fantastic baked goods section that must be sampled!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but not perfect This hotel is a little out of the centre, but great if you don鈥檛 mind a walk or want to use the near by metro or tourist bus stop, just a couple of minutes walk away. The standard rooms are very small (including the very small double bed) and I wouldn鈥檛 want to spend more then a couple of nights at the hotel, to offset this the marble bathrooms are lovely and go some way to make up for the small room.The worse part of my stay was having a room near the stairs, the noise of people coming and going at all hours kept me awake at times, also most of the rooms have wooden floors which do by there very nature make more noise the carpet when people walk on them.The hotels good points are that it has clean rooms (all mod cons) and very friendly staff. The breakfast was great and would recommend paying the extra to eat at the hotel. Bad points are the paper thin walls, and location if you have limited mobility.Loved Barcelona would recommend the city to anyone, so much to do and see.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mike000
<Content>Very good value for a nice hotel Room was very nice but annoyingly it contained two single beds rather than a double bed.There was a mix up over whether breakfast was included or not, and we ended up being charged extra for breakfast, however breakfast was very nice.Location is close to metro, which is very easy and cheap to use, but 20 mins walk from Eixample shopping/tourist streets.Overall, very good value for a nice hotel - we would go back there if we return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Louise66
<Content>Great Hotel, wonderful breakfast, friendly staff We have just returned from a long weekend in Barcelona and having read a review on TripAdvisor stayed at the Hotel Itaca. We were very pleased with the standard of the accommodation, cleanliness and helpfulness of the staff. Although the hotel is a little way from the centre, the Metro, bus/train station is only a few yards away - giving you access to every part of Barcelona. We would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes good quality accommodation.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelNow_WorkLater
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed here 4 nights in early March 2005. The hotel staff are friendly  helpful  the hotel is excellently located in a much quieter area of Barcelona. It's only 5mins from Sants station which has overground trains to the airport  metro connections which take you either to the Rambla or Sagrada Familia directly, very convenient indeed. Next door is a supermarket where you can get your daily water and also cheap beer (1.87 Euros for 6 San Migel). Shower water temperture can be a little unpredictable but not a massive issue. Several exits exist at Sants station, take a look out - the correct one for the hotel has a huge steel sculpture on your right hand side  in front of you over a couple of lanes of traffic you will see a large plain square. In the far Right hand corner (as viewed from Sants exit) of the square is a crossing - cross at this crossing then turn left immediately and cross at the next crossing. As you cross this second crossing keep going in the direction you will now be facing (you will have to go slightly left first) the hotel will appear on the left in around 100 meters and is directly opposite another hotel called the Abbot hotel.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thoroughly positive experience! Back to work today having returned last night from a lovely break in Barcelona. My husband and I stayed at H10 Itaca hotel from Thur afternoon to yesterday morning (Monday). We had a lovely stay at this hotel. Our first impressions were positive from the friendly courteous staff to the complimentary glass of cava and tray of mixed nuts at reception! We were assigned a non smoking room on the 3rd floor and with our luggage in tow it was nice to see the lift in reception. Our room was roomy, clean with a place for everything. We were especially impressed by the safe in the wardrobe which we were able to set the code ourselves - very cool! The en suite bathroom was very roomy and our used towels were replaced every day. We chose this hotel due to it's proximity to the Sants Station as we flew into Reus Airport and we got a bus from the airport to Sants Station. This was a good choice as we also got the Tourist Bus from here as well as the Metro. So really we were well placed to go anywhere in the city from this location. We ate dinner in the hotel on one evening and it was very good with a nice choice of food and good wine. Unfortunately we were the only couple in the restaurant that night which was great for us but a bit unfortunate for the staff!The hotel is next door to a very well stocked supermarket which was very useful for water, orange juice and other small provisions. We did not have breakfast included in our booking and it would have been 鈧?4 each per day to avail of same so we didn't! We went out each morning to a lovely quaint local cafe and had fabulous coffee and breakfast for a fraction of the cost and soaked in the Spanish atmosphere at the same time. By all accounts the breakfast in the hotel (if included in your price) is very good but we lived without it.We were uncertain as to the time of the bus back to the airport from Sants station and once again our hotel proved it's usefulness as it has an internet service at reception which we were able to access to check the bus time. So full marks to H10 Itaca hotel. We will be recommending this hotel to our friends and will come back to it again if we ever return to Barcelona. Thank you for a lovely restful break.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Staff, Rooms, Food, all of a very high standard. Very handy for travel, being close to Sants Station.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jamp27j
<Content>Very Impressed Just returned from a week stay. Greeted with cava at check-in. Our room was on the 7th floor, non-smoking. Extremely clean and comfortable; the bathroom was very large compared to some we've stayed in. We appreciated a note left in the room from the general manager offering any assistance if needed. Also had a package of cookies left with the note. Very thoughtful touches!The front desk ordered a taxi for us to return to the airport as we needed to be there at 6:00 am. The cab was downstairs waiting for us 15 minutes early.Our only complaint with the room was that we occasionally heard some neighboring rooms.Breakfast was excellent, lots of choices. Fresh fruit, pastries, eggs, sausages. Plenty to keep us going! Also appreciated breakfast served until 10:30.The staff was very friendly and helpful, especially the bartender, Jose Manuel. We enjoyed having the grocery store next to the hotel. Made it very convenient to buy bottled water. Also bought saffron and olive oils to bring home as gifts.The 5 minute walk to the metro was easy and convenient. We enjoyed staying in a quiet section of the city. We would definitely stay at the Itaca again!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PERFECT HOTEL This hotel was absolutely PERFECT!!Was given a very warm welcome when we arrived on a sunny afternoon.The hotel room was just as promised, lovely wooden floors, beautiful dark furniture, mini bar which was reasonably priced and a very comfortable bed, along with a marbled bathroom which was very spacious! The housekeeper was friendly and paid attention to detail, with the beds made perfectly etc.The breaskfast was superb, a choice of English breakfast, pastries, fresh fruit, cheeses and meats. A very wide variety, which would surely please anybody!!The bar staff downstairs were friendly adn prices were good!The Metro was literally 5 minutes walk around the corner, and then 5 minutes into the city of Barcelona, and a T10 ticket for 7 Euros is a complete must...so cheap for this convinient method!! Mount Juic is literally 20 minutes walk up the road, and so is teh main trainstation which will take you to the airport etc So, the location is great!!We will certainly return to this GREAT hotel, definately 4 STARS!!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hays_84
<Content>Excellent!!! I have got to say I thought the hotel was excellent, rooms we're to a great standard and bathroom was lovely. The hotel staff we're very friendly and happy to help with any troubles/queries me and my partner had. Breakfast had a wide range of yummy things to choose from, so couldn't fault breakfast in anyway. Only let down to the hotel was the location, was about a 5 min walk to the metro station, and then about a 10 min trip into central Barcelona. But maybe thats just me being fussy. If your going for a few days like we did, it would be very wise to stay in town because you will have a better chance of seeing everything and less travelling about to do, so more energy to enjoy Barcelona because i have to say its a very beautiful city and so many lovely sights to see.   I hope you enjoy your stay In Barcelona as much as we did.   Also - a good tip - buy a T10 for your travelling as they are very good value for money and well worth 6 euro's.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but could be great. I can understand the great reviews received by this hotel, however...My wife and I went along in January, after booking online. When we arrived, we were received well and offered complimentary Cava which was nice. It was a warm day and I was glad to eventually arrive.We went up to our room but as soon as we opened the door I was greated by a very hot room! I went straight for the AC which had been promised when I booked...it did not seem to be working so I called reception. They told me it doesn't work in the winter! WINTER!? I am from England, it was tropical for me! So I had to open the window which meant road noise all night :(Next I went for a cold beer.. a good price from the mini bar... It didn't seem to be working so I called reception (again). I was told that the fridges aren't switched on they just keep the drinks at a 'normal' temperature...NORMAL!? So I had to drink warm beer :(Apart from that, the staff were friendly and the hotel was clean and comfortable, probably more a 3 star+ though.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel Probably the best hotel I ever stayed at.Stayed there for 3 nights from New Years Day and really enjoyed it.Staff were extremely friendly, rooms were nice and clean, location is absolutely perfect and breakfast was excellent.Would definitely stay there again!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place! Stayed for seven days, just before Christmas (Dec 2004).Very pleasant hotel, and very well located: short walking distance from major train station (鈥淪ants鈥?鈥?trains to/from the airport stop here, as well as 2 major Metro lines and several suburb lines).The room is a bit small (the double bed is much smaller than the American standard, so consider twins), but nice and warm. Plenty of natural light. Double-glazed large windows keep you warm and quite. Instead of standard carpeting, the floor is parquet, which gives a nice warm feeling.The bathroom is very nice, marble all over. Medium-sized bath tab, and fresh towels changed daily (or kept - if you hang it).Overall, the hotel is very clean, and looks shiny and new.At the lobby, there are 2 workstations running Windows XP for free Internet service, available 24H, with Word and Excel (to read email attachments), and a printer as well (all this is for free)!The greatest hit is breakfast. It's just huge. From cereals to yogurts, fresh vegetables and fruits, cheese and meat, 4 different egg kinds, a sweats stand, and this is just a partial list. Can keep you running almost a whole day.Breakfast is very pricy (14 Euro per person if you buy it separately!), so try to get a deal that includes it (mine was 5 Euro per person - worth every cent).TV is mostly Spanish/Catalan. Has one English channel(Sky news).Toll-free calls are actually free (other hotels charge you for these).We asked (and got) a smoke-free room (on a smoke-free floor). People smoke A LOT in Barcelona, so this is a huge advantage for non-smokers.There is a very nice supermarket (literally) next-door. It runs from 9am to 9:30pm.I got my deal directly at the hotel-chain's web site. It was the best deal on the net - maybe because I booked just several days before going.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs Up!!!!!!!!!! We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, and its close proximity to the train station and underground made up for the fact that it is located out of the centre of town. There is a grocery store right next to it where cheap bottled water and other essentials can be easily acquired. This hotel may not look that amazing from the outside, and has a fairly modest lobby, but the rooms were of a high standard, all air-conditioned and comfortable. It was always a relief to get back to it after having walked around during the day in the scorching heat. The staff were friendly and service pleasing. The breakfasts at this hotel were most enjoyable, with a great selection of hot foods, cereals, fruits, pastries and many other things. We felt that we were getting a good deal having breakfast at this hotel included in the room price, as one could run all day on it! Overall, this hotel gets a big thumbs up!!!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VOYJEAN
<Content>Excellent Hotel in all Respects We stayed at the H10 Itaca for 6 nights, November 20-26, and couldn't have been more pleased. The room was bright and well laid out and the beautiful bathroom was quite spacious. We were on the 3rd floor next to an elevator shaft, but had no problem with street or interior noise. The breakfast buffet was one of the best we've ever had, with a great variety of items. We found the staff to be extremely pleasant and helpful. The free Internet access in the lobby was a real bonus, too. The location was excellent for us, as it was about a 5-minute walk from the combination metro (2 lines) and train station. By the way, we'd recommend taking the 40-minute train trip to the Freixenet winery in Sant Sadurni d'Anoia -- an excellent tour, and great fun!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>siancharlie
<Content>H10 great hotel!!!! I have had our break to Barcelona booked since July, and I came back last week. Since July, I have been accessing this website to read new reviews. Most of the reviews were very good, however there was a couple of not so good ones. Having just returned from the hotel H10 Itaca, I cant understand what more these people want in a hotel.It was our first time in Barcelona so we were unaware of the location of the hotel. When we arrived at the airport we walked over to the train station but were confused by the tickets available so decided to take the safe option and got a taxi to the hotel. It cost us 16 euros which was a fair price for the distance. First impressions, we were very pleased with our choice of hotel. It was clean and did look worth 4*. We were greeted by a lovely girl, very smiley, who opened a bottle of cava especially for us and poured us each a glass and directed us to our room. Our room was spacious, very clean and tidy with a gorgeous big, marble bathroom. we were very impressed. we had a room at the front of the hotel so looked out onto the surrounding area. The hotel is located within a more resedential area.Before we went to barcelona we were a little worried about the location of the hotel, however the metro station is about 5 minutes walk away. You enter Sants Estatio but have to go underneath to access the metro. We were there for two days, so we bought a 2 day travel pass which cost us 8euros each and you can go anywhere on the metro, really easy to access all the main attractions. We recommend going for a nice meal in exiemple( around las ramblas) and then bar hopping. Definetly try the Irish bars, fab atmosphere!!!!Sagrada familia is a must ( definetly go up to the top, views are great) and the Nou Camp is fab. We went to watch Celtic Vz Barcelona and it was amazing!!We will definetly be returning, we loved barcelona, a very romantic city that buzzes in the night ( in the centre) especially when it is full of celtic fans!!!!! Loved every minute!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's good if u don't mean traveling by train and subway Spent 3 days in H10 Iteca and the location is great if u are traveling by train. The staff are alright but they could definitey use more smile. The room service was great. Food was good. The only thing that I don麓t like was the housekeeping, where the 麓Do Not Disturb麓 sign doesn麓t mean anything to them. Just a word of advise. MAKE SURE the housekeeping staff understand what those words mean.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mau47bingo
<Content>Not as brilliant as some of the reviews Myself and my husband spent last weekend at Hotel H10 Itaca in Barcelona. It is in quite a good location - near Sants station. Train from airport stops here as does airport coach. Only takes about 20 minutes. Location of hotel is about 5 metro stops from La Ramblas (centre of Barcelona). Nice and quiet at night. When booking specifically specified a non-smoking room. On arrival was allocated a room on 6 floor (non-smoking floor). On entering the room it absolutely stank of smoke. We then went back to reception and reported the smell of smoke. Male reception clerk told us it was a non-smoking floor. He was helpful and offered us a room on 1st floor and this was absolutely fine - no smell of smoke at all. Room was comfortable with large bathroom and nice fresh bedlinen. Only fault is lighting is much too dim for reading. Have to say staff were very helpful but not particularly friendly.There was a wide variety of food for breakfast but eggs were undercooked and offputting. Lots of pastries, croissants and cold meats etc but again these were all left uncovered which is not very hygienic. Just a trivial point - I read from some of the reviews about a nice refreshing glass of Cava being offered on arrival. I saw some Cava in an ice bucket on reception desk along with some glasses. At no time were we ever offered a glass. Didn't see late afternoon snacks or coffee around either - perhaps we arrived back to hotel at wrong time. I would give H10 a 3* rating rather than 4 stars.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Miss_Amy99
<Content>Fantastic Hotel The hotel was fantastic. Our room was very clean and the excellent air-conditioning was great after a day sight-seeing. The location was good, we could see the hotel from estacio sants on arrival from the airport. I loved Barcelona and would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GeoPhil
<Content>Additional tips for ITACA new comers We stayed 5 days together with our two teenagers. H10 Itaca added a lot to the great experience we had in Barcelona. Yes, it's really excellent: the breakfast, the service, the rooms  the bathrooms... Taking the train from the airport is worthwhile and the hotel is really only a 10 minutes walk (with trolley bags). In the hotel building is also a nice supermarket. Very handy for mineral water, fruits and snacks for your long city excursions. The subway (metro) is not far and neither are banks and a pharmacy if you need it.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gazza007
<Content>Very pleased Just returned from a 3 day stay at the H10 Itaca.I must add to the many excellent reviews of this Hotel. Friendly staff, clean and comfortable, also good value as breakfast was included in our price.Barcelona is a huge city  the hotel is in a great location near the Sants Station, there is more to this city than just The Ramblas and nearby areas. We arrived via the Aerobus from the airport. The station is a great point to pick up the tourist bus which I would recommend to see all the sites and is good value too. Don't forget the Metro system when you don't fancy walking. Loved Barcelona  will return to H10 itaca in the future.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An All round good experience The H10 Itaca was an all round nice hotel. The rooms were exceptionally clean and the bathroom was very nice, which is essential for every woman!! The rooms were well air-conditioned, which was nioe after a long walk in the heat. However, i felt the staff could have been friendlier.The location of the hotel is also further away from the centre than expected, but this didn't cause too much of a problem as there is a metro station nearby. Breakfast was a little pricey, especially if you are a family with children.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We liked this Hotel We stayed at the H10 Hotel Itaca between 25th August until 2nd Sept. We booked our stay online at the 'last minute' and we got a great deal. We thought the hotel was very clean; the air-conditioning was working well; the staff were friendly, and the breakfast (ours was included in the price) was excellent value and of a very high standard. Fresh fruit, cereal, cooked breakfast, meats and cheeses, rolls, pastries, bread toast, churros y chocolate... it was a great breakfast! Barcelona was a great place to visit but very busy and very dirty (there must be a lot of dogs - put it that way!!) We were so happy to come back to the peace and calm of our lovely airconditioned room. If you are expecting a grand hotel with a large foyer then this is not the hotel for you. The hotel is bright, modern and clean. The rooms aren't massive but they are big enough - I have stayed in much smaller rooms. The bed was really comfortable and our room was immaculate. If you like a 25 minute walk or a 3-5 euro taxi ride to get out of the madness of Barcelona then I would recommend it. I was so, so glad that we didn't stay in the centre as it was really crazy. This hotel has a small supermarket next door (good for buying water for your room and snacks to eat at the airport. The hotel is also a walk away from a couple of train stations.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time at the Itaca My wife  I went to Barcelona on a 3 night break staying at the H10 Itaca. It was an excellent place to stay, very clean, excellent staff who were very helpful  friendly.Breakfast was an event in itself with a great selection (especially the pastries  cakes)It is situated within easy walking distance of main train station where you can catch the tube which cost 6 Euro's for 10 trips.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel having only paid 210 Euro's for 3 nights.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Erica03
<Content>OK Stayed at this hotel for four nights (26-30 August) on the basis of Trip Advisor reviews but wished that we had gone with our own instincts and stayed elsewhere. As with the other reviews, hotel and rooms were clean and comfortable (even though we did have to ask for a larger room after being initially given the broom cupboard!), staff polite and very helpful, location convenient - close to Sants Estacio etc. however did not consider that it warranted the rave reviews it had been given and made us wonder what type of hotels the reviewers had stayed in before! Although substantial, breakfast at 14 euros plus tax per person was incredibly expensive. If considering staying here and an early riser not wanting to take advantage of the hotel breakfast, don't forget to pack a travel kettle (there are no tea/coffee making facilities in the room) and the nearby cafes don't open until 9.00am. On the whole, thought that the Itaca was pretty average - great for a very short stay ie one/two days.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! Can't really add much to all the other positive reviews - the Itaca, Barcelona is truly excellent, with friendly, helpful staff - can't wait to visit again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel We have just returned from visiting this hotel. It was a great experience. (Yes the champagne greeting is very nice!)The location of the hotel is extremely convenient to Sants Estacio (Barcelona Sants) station. Its only a few mins by tube to all the places of interest. Should you choose to walk then it takes around 20mins to reach major points of interest.The rooms were modern in decor and the bathrooms were marble. All toiletries were provided should you have forgetton anything when you arrive.The staff were extremely helpful and the hotel bar made a relaxing and enjoyable end to a day in town.The breakfasts were very generous catering to all tastes. I would recommend this hotel to anyone considering a city break.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andita
<Content>excellent hotel, great stay! it was our first time in barcelona and we really enjoyed the hotel. Our room wasn't ready by the time we checked in but we got to wait in a nice lobby with a complementary glass of cava. Room was spacious, and pleasant. the bathroom is great and the airco has made it perfect. Breakfast was wonderful with so many options of food. And as the location is convenient since it's only 5 minutes walk from the metro station.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stefanovas
<Content>Excellent hotel!! we would certainly stay here again Just back from 5 nights at the hotel Itaca. We arrived at 11.15 pm and we were greeted with champagne. From and to the airport we took the aerobus (35 minutes for 3,45 euro per person). The room was great. Great size, comfortable, clean and the bathroom was excellent (marble bathroom with every toiletry item). AC works great. The staff were amongst the most helpful and friendly we have ever come across anywhere. Free Internet access in the lobby. Only 5 minutes away from metro station, Sants of Tarragona. We got a 5 days card for metro/bus etc. for only 18,20 euro per person, great value. Do not miss the view from the Montju茂c (take the subway to Parallel station, then the funicular to Parc de Montju茂c and the telef猫ric cable car to Mirador and Castell). We would certainly stay here again and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel. Clean throughout, friendly with good sized rooms Stayed 4 nights in July 2004. Really pleasant hotel, clean throughout with good sized bedrooms and lovely bathroom. Breakfast as suggested elsewhere was excellent. Reasonable location, 5 mins to Metro and a couple of stops to the centre of town. Good rates and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT service and stay! the H10 was great. Right next to the Barcelona Sants train station, and a 15 min walk from the best shopping area in barcelona, 10 min from the plaza d'Espana. it was really amazing! we were welcomed with champagne, the rooms were immaculate, and the lounge was so enjoyable after a day of sightseeing. I can't tell you enough how enjoyable this hotel was.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blue4
<Content>H10 Itaca Barcelona We stayed at h10 Itaca in December 03. The rooms are lovely and roomy, nice bathrooms. Very Clean and friendly staff. Quite a walk into Barcelona though!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Axwell
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed at this hotel 23rd - 26th June and it was outstanding. It was well equipped and everything was immaculate. The staff were amongst the most helpful and friendly we have ever come across anywhere. Add to that nice little touches like free high-speed internet access and free cakes/savoury snacks in the late afternoon/evening and you have a highly recommendable package  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AtlantaDoll
<Content>Has a lot to offer! My husband and I spent the nights of June 9 - 11 at the Itaca and found it very nice. It's in walking distance from the train station (if you don't have a lot of luggage), which is, itself, very easily accessible from the airport. The air conditioning worked great, and the room and bathroom were clean and comfortable. The staff were very helpful with all our requests. The only potential drawbacks are that it's not in an especially happening part of town (which we actually liked!) and that the double bed really is a double. If you're used to a queen, it's fine, but if you're used to a king, you'd be better off requesting two single beds pushed together. We would stay here again and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SBpicky
<Content>Very Good Hotel   showReview(2153416, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Globosapien
<Content>Good Location, Great Quality   showReview(1745986, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(1742260, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Itaca is excellent   showReview(1712800, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hobunny
<Content>1st Class ITACA   showReview(1659552, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Out of The Centre   showReview(931874, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 molto carino...   showReview(20923202, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel super - rien 脿 dire...   showReview(17571256, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto comodo per chi desidera...   showReview(16731792, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccellente. Ci ritorneremo!   showReview(14458385, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ne vale la pena   showReview(18542023, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Anche se l'hotel non 猫...   showReview(11409046, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMA SISTEMAZIONE PER...   showReview(11409047, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙倐銇亸涓嶅彲銈傘仾銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161711, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅/prix...   showReview(11409044, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Raccomando quetso hotel a tutti...   showReview(11409043, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo si trova molto vicino...   showReview(12650180, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour agr茅able. Accueil...   showReview(11409048, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel di ottima qualit脿, camere...   showReview(11409045, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima accoglienza,buona...   showReview(11409049, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il rapporto qualit脿/prezzo di...   showReview(11409050, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Todo perfecto y muy cercano a...   showReview(11409051, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Compte tenu du prix de la nuit...   showReview(11409053, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel per visitare...   showReview(11409054, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le camere sono pulite e...   showReview(11409055, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien comunicado. Nuevo. Con...   showReview(11409056, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo si 猫 mostrato...   showReview(11409057, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ai prezzi indicati sul web...   showReview(11409058, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono arrivata dopo mezzanotte...   showReview(11409059, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da Spanien ein EU-Land ist...   showReview(11409060, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Maria esperanza desde el...   showReview(11409061, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel nel complesso adeguato...   showReview(11409062, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫亱銈夊緬姝╋紦鍒嗐伄鍫存墍...   showReview(19922108, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le personnel de la reception de...   showReview(11409063, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 molto gradevole, un...   showReview(16726389, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bei unserer Ankunft um 14.05...   showReview(11409065, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2003
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

