<Author>Pino49
<Content>BEST CHOICE FOR SMART PEOPLE We have booked this hotel for 1 week in November 2008 a double bed non smoking rooms (3 of them) for the sceintific meeting that was held in the Convention Center of New Orleans. In contrast to many other rewievers this Hotel was above our expectations. It was as clean as an Mariott or 4 hotel, there was free internet service, very good mornings until 9 or 10am in the morning, the staff was very professional and overall it was more than acceptable. This hotel is not very expensive compared to similars and is very close of everything and it's in downtown you sleep in absolute silance. Of course if you don't minde to spend 4 or 5 time the price to stay in executive hotels you can do it but for people especially the young ones who take the hotel just for sleep and spend most of the time outside this is the best. Even for people with kids it posess everything you need. In summary, it's a Smart choice for Smart People. I recomend it to all, very safe, very clean very professional and not expensive around 100$ a night....sabe your many and spend it on Bourbon street...  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sandra033
<Content>1 smileing face When I walked into the hotel I was greeted by this lady with a very pretty smile at the front desk, after i checked in all HELL started i changed rooms 4 times none of the house keepers speek english i went back t the front desk only to see someone else there she was rude as HELL, I asked to speek to the manager she called the smiling face from tne back (demetri) a real lovin person. ms. demetri made sure the next room i was asigned to was maybe the best in the hotel. she went checked it herself. a hotel like this need to keep demetri around maybe she bring in the guest.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	1	

<Author>somaisumsilva
<Content>fair hotel, but they stole my money I had a very bad experience at this hotel. When I first got there, besides the awful treatment I was given at the front desk, I discovered that to use the parking lot I would have to pay an extra 18 dollars a day (information that, of course, was not available at the website). I was not sure if I would need the car for the whole duration of my stay (6 days), so I told the lady that I would park on that day alone, and then figure out what to do. Well, I decided to leave my car in the parking lot for two more days, and then return it to rental company. So, on this third day, I arrived at the front desk and told I was taking my car out, and that they should not charge me for the remaining 3 days. The new lady, that was as rude as one can possibly be, told me that everything was ok (and looking me as if I was asking the dumbest thing in the world). The last day came and... surprise! They charged me the parking for the whole stay. And of course, only the manager could change my bill, and he was conveniently not there (this was Thursday morning!). I had a flight to catch in less than two hours, so I reasoned with the lady at the front desk (the one from the check-in) and she told me that if I left such and such information with her the manager would be able to do fix everything afterwards. I did that, and after waiting more than two weeks with no result, I tried to call the manager. The two guys that were supposed to be in charge (Mr. Jay Vadhar and Mr. Robert Palmer) were never available, and when I finally reached one of them (Jay), he told me nice and easy that it was a misunderstanding, that he would reimburse me and so on. Silly me. Months passed and I am still waiting for my money. My calls are always directed to the answering machine, and all my e-mails never get a response.So, given the fact that besides this one there are several other bad reviews about this hotel, if you are thinking on saving money by choosing a nice cheap hotel near the quarters, please think again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>popkid
<Content>Rubbish staff! Again we booked this hotel because of the price and mainly the location....location was brilliant, was within walking distance of the French Quarter and all the shops and bars...The hotel itself wasn't so good, when we checked in we asked if we could pay cash when we checked out if the money hadn't already been charged to the card...there were 2 staff there and none could figure out if it had been charged to the card or not, then they both tried to make me pay cash anyway, I told them i'd wait and speak to a manager the next day!The staff just seemed really slow and clueless, there was always a cue at the front desk, I just found them rude, they'd be helping you then they'd start speaking to another guest so they'd be trying to do 3 things at once and ended up doing nothing.The room was OK, nothing great, have stayed in better.I would prob stay somewhere else if I went back again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>markdamian
<Content>A Fine Hotel. Good Value. No Problems. Saw an advert on a very helpful promotional panel at the New Orleans Amtrak/Greyhound station. Rang up. Got a room for the first couple of nights for $60 a night. They should have told me that thereafter it was $80 dollars per night but, still, good value all round.The Cons. Spookily quiet area. Remember much of NO's population fled Katrina's onslaught. It seems that many have not returned. Just a couple of blocks from the O' Keefe is the Orpheum Theatre - empty, and with posters up for its next performance - in August 2005 !. Next to the Orpheum, I thought I'd found home from home.The 'Piccadilly', an English pub next door to an Indian restaurant. Looked like they had been closed just as long. The area did'nt seem unsafe - just dead.The Pro's. The hotel is clean, comfortable, secure and good value. Quite well situated. Continental breakfast is fine. Communal ( free) internet. Walking distance from Canal St and the French Quarter. Walked to and from the French quarter each night. Did'nt feel threatened - not that there's many people round to threaten you ! Close to Amtrak/Greyhound stations.A fine hotel, all in all !  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>GatorGirlRN
<Content>Clean room, close to the Quarter, a good bargain! Stayed at the Okeefe Plaza Hotel during Jazz Fest and was pleasantly surprised. I had booked my room late, and didn't have many hotel options; luckily, I found this hotel! Both the lobby and the room were clean, none of the funky odors people have complained about (even in a smoking room, it didn't reek of ashtray). Service was great during check in/out and the one time I had to get my keys reprogrammed. The walk to the Quarter was a quick one and a safe one at night. Parking was a little expensive ($35/night since it was a special event), but I was informed of the parking fees when I made my reservation. Never checked out the free breakfast; it ended at 9am, and I was never up that early.Not sure what other people are complaining about... maybe they were expecting the Hilton?  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jlcaldwe
<Content>Stank Hotel This Hotel stinks! We wanted to save a few bucks- it's 3 blocks from canal st- so walking distance wasn't bad- but could be dangerous at night- very secluded streets after dark. Upon entry the first thing I noticed was foul urine-smell as if everyone lifts a leg on the carpet upon entering and exiting. Carpets were very stained and grotesque throughout. Our floor (4th) reeked of vomit in the hallway. The keys rarely worked. We had to go back down to the front desk 3 times to get the keys to work. The air conditioner was very noisy and kept us awake at night. They do not offer extra pillows or blankets!! Most hotels have a closet with extras. . . yeah not here. I called the desk to ask for another pillow, we dont' have that. Very indifferent customer service. Oh and there is a surprise $5.95 daily resort fee for use of the fitness center, internet etc, even if you don't utilize those amenities. Shouldn't that just be part of the rental fee? Sheesh. What a disappointment. Continental breakfast was good though!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>mufasa1
<Content>Something's Odd about O'Keefe The hotel is near Canal st. and all of the tourist attractions. It is however off Canal st. so at night the car and pedestrian traffic diminishes tremendously. We stayed for only 1 night. We were only in our room for about 10 hours the entire trip from check in 10:30 am one day to check out 9:00 am the next day. Most of our time in the room consisted of showering, changing clothes or sleep. Our room smelled, the carpet was dirty and the furniture looks old and worn. The chair near the window had a cigarette burn on it. We had a handicap accessible room. The detachable shower head and rail in the bath tub was loose. A hotel employee followed us to our room and requested if she could enter our room and verify that we had all of the things our room was required to have before we entered.This hotel lacks the fresh look you expect when staying at a hotel. The pictures online are deceiving in relation to how the property actually looks. The staff is not professional. It took a really long time to check in. The employees did not have on uniforms. We felt the parking fee for one day was high. The hotel offers a hot breakfast in the morning serving eggs, grits, frozen waffles, bagels, fruit, cheddar cheese, butter and jelly.So if you are a family especially with kids, newlyweds, elderly, financially comfortable, professional in nature, quiet, not into dirty smelly hotels then I would not check into this hotel. If you are however coming to New Orleans to party with friends or alone and just need a place to stay for 1 night then the O'Keefe is your hotel.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>kelmar519
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever! I reserved a room for Mardi Gras, but had to cancel. The cancellation policy stated to call hotel directly 48 prior to reservation to avoid a penalty. I did just that, but found out that the hotel withdrew $524.96 5 days after I canceled. When I called the hotel, I was told I had to cancel 30 days prior, then I was told that I was emiled a special events policy, which I never was emailed to me. I have been jumping through hoops with the hotel, and the hotel has never replied to my letters or requests. I have contacted the NO  LA Hotel  Lodging Assoc., disputed the charge with my bank, and will contact the mayor's office, television stations, Times-Picayne, and whoever else I need to. Finally, I did receive a $388.00 credit, but have not received the rest. I will fight to the bitter end to get all of my money!!!!!!! Heed the warnings about this hotel!!! It is a dump (I travel to NO a lot for work) and not in a good location, when there are many other better, cleaner and safer hotels, who appreciate you and treat you with respect.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travellover84
<Content>Locked in for Life!!! Don't believe their cancellation policy!!!!I booked this hotel a couple months in advance and was told that the cancellation policy is 5 to 6 days in advance. I decided not to go about a month and a half in advance but the rest of my party was still going....they gave me the run around for 2 weeks about changing the name on the reservation and then finally someone told me that I couldn't change the name and when I asked about the policy for cancelling the reservation they told me that I couldn't and that I would have to pay for part of the stay anyway and that their policy is NOW 30 day cancellation. When I told them that their employee quoted to me I could cancel up to 5 or 6 days before their response was Oh well, she doesn't work here anymore.....Even though I didn't officially cancel they charged my credit card two weeks before the date i had booked. The manager never responded to my voice mails and I was only allowed to deal with the assistant manager who apparently thought we were friends and make a joke about my name calling me Guadalupe which I find to be offensive.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mavrick1812
<Content>I should have spent the extra $10 per night The location was Ok for our trips to the Quarter. In hindsight we should have paid the extra money($10/night) to stay at a hotel we had previously been to and enjoyed. The room itself was ok. We had a King sized bed that the sheets were too small for, and we only got two pillows (king pillows stuffed in standard cases with half of the pillow uncovered). The hallways,elevators and lobby entrance SMELLED! The elevators and the hallways did not seem to have even seen a vacume cleaner in several weeks. The hotel staff were there. That is all---Just There. And as a last note -Beware the almost $6 per night charge for the excercise room and pool even if you do not use them. They also advertise onsite parking--just that they forgot to mention the $18 per night charge.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>LAmagnolia
<Content>The Worst Hotel Experience!! While I agree that this hotel is in a great location - convenient to the Superdome, the business district, the French Quarter, and the streetcar, it was truly the worst hotel experience of my life. It was dirty and the staff was rude and inept. The electronic room key never worked. Not once. A manager had to come let me in upon every return to my room. One evening after more than 45 minutes of trying to open the door unsuccessfully, the front desk person wanted to put me in another room for the night until she could find the manager. Once in the room, there were no pillows on the bed, no hot water and no toilet paper. I will never stay here again, nor will I ever recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>KariBethLaw
<Content>HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! TERRIBLE HOTEL! Called to cancel reservation one month in advance, however the manager denied that this had happened. This is all despite me having a cancellation code, called and spoken with the same employee twice to confirm the cancellation AND speaking directly with the manager as well as the booking agents. AVOID this money pit if at all possible. You'll be at least $500 richer as I wish I had been before believing this was a good idea!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>R0xy1
<Content>Great location This is an excellent location for those traveling to New Orleans. It's 5-10 minute walk to Bourbon Street and the French Quarter. The hotel has decent sized clean rooms and is also walking distance to the Amtrak/Greyhound stations (approx 5 mins).The price was fairly expensive for just one person but it included breakfast and considering the location and conveneince, it wasn't a bad price $140 (70 GBP).The hotel also offered free internet for 30 minutes. The computer was in the lobby and was always available. Although the sign said '30 min complimentary internet use', I must have used it about 4 or 5 times for at least 40 minutes and no one complained. I think this was a useful perk. Taxi to and from the local airport was approx $30 and hotel staff were happy to order one.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>business305
<Content>Hotel from hell!!!!!! This hotel was horrible there was a very strong smell of mold and mildew. I switched rooms three times until I found one that had a bareable smell. Later in the night I thought I was okay until the tv blew up out of nowhere. The staff was nice accept for the overnight guy. I called down to the desk on numerous times and later found out that the guy was asleep. Once I woke him up to tell him about the situation he was very rude like he was mad that I woke him out of a deep sleep. The manager I originally booked was very helpful and she made me feel very welcome. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	-1	4	2	-1	

<Author>LossOfConsciousness
<Content>Positively awful...don't even try it. I did not book this hotel, a friend did this past weekend for Voodoo Music Fest. What a dump!First of all, the lobby smells like body odour. Really strong, really bad body odour. The tiles were dirty, the decor dated, the staff completely indifferent. The elevator is old and decrepit and had coffee spilled down the wall where the buttons were; this remained for the duration of our entire stay: four nights. We stayed on the fifth floor. The stench up there did not improve. One of us described it as rotten cat pee. There was a small notice on the wall saying excuse our renovations, well, whatever. The carpet is filthy and appears to be being replaced with remnants - there were no fewer than three different coloured, stained, filthy carpets the length of the hallway. The room was small. I can live with this. We did have a pretty good hairdryer. However, the shower door on one of our rooms was broken, there were cigarette burns all over the counter/shower stall, and worst of all and the one thing I cannot abide: the room was dirty. Other peoples hair was everywhere. The staff replaced the towels and made the beds the first day and nothing else. Nothing was cleaned. Housekeeping staff appeared to be dressed in street clothes. Friends of ours in another room repeatedly returned to find that the bed had been made with one bottom sheet, then the cover on top of that - no blanket and no sheet. Yuck. The second night we were there, our friends sat on the bed and the bed broke.We returned the next day to find that they had simply removed the wheel, but left the corner of the bed down on the ground - they slept on a slant that night. Room cards need to be re-magnetized EVERY FREAKING DAY, which they DO NOT TELL YOU until you realize this is the third day you've had to run back down to the front desk because your stupid card isn't working - again. The last straw for me was the final night when we walked across the tile floor outside the fifth floor elevator and my shoe came off because IT STUCK TO THE FLOOR. I had a meltdown at the front desk clerk, who was at best indifferent and told me that housekeeping had left for the day. How hard is it to find a bucket of clean water and mop the tile floor? It was disgusting. None of us ate breakfast because one of us who went down the first day found the table crawling with ants in the dining room. We loved NO and would return, but no way will we ever stay here again. Stay far, far away. For those who loved it: whatever it is you are smoking, I would like to partake of that, pretty please. ;)  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>taylorsnana
<Content>If you want clean room, friendly service Don't Stay Here Booked on-line. PHOTOS ON-LINE ARE NOT OF ANY OF THE THREE ROOMS I SAW. Room 1: asked for smoking, king bed. Got non-smoking, regular bed. Room 2: got moved to smoking, however still regualr bed. No blow dryer. Coffee pot, however no coffee. No alarm clock. Room 3: finally the manager MANAGED to get it right. Smoking, king bed. Unfortunately the air conditioner only worked when it wanted to. There was a bar of USED soap in the shower. Hotel claimed blow dryer, free in-room internet, none available. Hey, at least room 3 had an alarm clock.Staff - not friendly and did not appear well trained in personal skills. Folks in New Orleans have been through rough times due to hurricanes, however when people come to your city and pour money back into your community it is best to be, at least, pleasant.Parking - they don't tell you at check in that you have a $10.00 a day fee to park in their, [behind the hotel] lot. You get up in the morning to a threatening note left on your windshield letting you know they are going to tow your vehicle.My brother's 3 rooms were actually worse. Room 1: non-smoking, regular bed. (three in his party). Ball of hair in the corner on the floor.Room 2: keys would not open the door - they had to move him a third time because manager could not figure it out.Room 3: tried to use remote control for TV. No batteries in remote. No coffee pot. Blow dryer did not work.Over all - the worst experience with a hotel I have ever had.I know the old saying - you get what you paid for - however I have booked through Priceline at this same price and gotten the Hyatt, The Fairmont, and the W.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>gulfcoasttraveler
<Content>ain't what it used to be ! Stayed at property :Pre-Katrina. Not the same. Stayed during Saints return season Post-Katrina. Not the same. Property used to be a Sleep Inn b4 Katrina. Just checked in for Essence Music Festival. Wish we had gottenthe word ---- stay away. Figured out why we did not see other people in the lobby, elevator or hallways. THEY KNEW TO AVOID THIS HOTEL. NO hot water, musty, stinking, and that was the first two rooms. Third room was much better which led me to ask the question of why were we not assigned this room in the first place? In the past , I would have recommende this hotel to others, but now--- not for a million dollars ! Take your money somewhere else !  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>brian_lorraine
<Content>Poor value compared to other local hotels We arrived in the middle of Jazz Fest weekend so our choice of hotels was very limited (ie when O'Keefe Plaza said they had a room, I took it at $149 + $25 parking for 1 night).I think this hotel was a Sleep Inn until recently, and it looks as if since they left the franchise, no maintenance work has been done.The first room we were given had no shower in - the shower cubicle was there, but there were just 2 metal pipes sticking out of the wall where the plumbing would normally be, plus a plastic bag over the exposed pipes. I went back to reception and they moved us to a new room which was better.The 2 elevators both refused to stop on our floor - they'd go to 2 or 4 but never 3. I mentioned this to reception who said that nobody else had complained, but when you pressed '3' on any lift, nothing happened. So we got used to going up and down the fire exit stairs!Location is quite good - 4 blocks back from Canal St, and there is a parking lot at the back of the hotel. Continental breakfast was OK - bagels, toast, pastries etc.Staff were mixed - some friendly, and some were just arguing with each other in the lobby about their shift times, who was more senior than who, etc etc. Not very professional. The whole place looked like it was starting out as an independant hotel and lacked management and standards, but the room itself was acceptable.The next night we moved to the Quality Inn down the street which was $50 cheaper, and at least 2 times nicer - it had brand new rooms, lovely beds, bathrooms, and the staff were fantastic.Overall, I would stay there again if it was the only choice, but otherwise I would pick the Quality Inn instead.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>SeminarTrekker
<Content>No Frills Budget Place...Large Rooms with Unexpected Visitors       Basic Beds at O'Keefe Plaza  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Traveling4BiznFun
<Content>Lower Your Expectations There are a lot of nice hotels in New Orleans and this is not one of them. Formerly a Sleep Inn, the O'Keefe Plaza hotel squarely occupies the 1 star category. The negatives begin upon entering a lobby that smells like an arm pit. It continues with beaten up elevators, key cards that only work once, and a room that leaves a lot to be desired. In my three night stay, my linens were not changed once, they were stained and uncomfortable. Only about half the buttons on the TV remote worked.As for a location, the O'Keefe is a couple of blocks further away from the French Quarter, Warehouse District and Convention Center than nearly every other hotel in the Central Business District. If at all possible, I recommend staying in one of those hotels... or any other hotel in downtown.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yorker37
<Content>loved the experience I came to New Orleans or (as most say THE BIG EASY) not knowing what to expect after everything that happened. To my surprise, it was totally different than what i had pictured .The hotels staff was amazing always professional, friendly and intune with the guest. The location of the hotel was right on point a few blocks from Bourbon, 5 minutes walking to Harrah's Casino,3 blocks to the Superdome mostly everything was so close that I did not even need the car. I got to meet the sales manager and I have to say the last hotel that I stayed which was a 4 Star Hotel did not even compare. She made me feel as if i was like family instead of a customer which made me really proud to call this hotel my new home every time I visit New Orleans. IT'S TRULY A NOT TO EXPENSIVE, NOT TO FAR, CUSTOMER FRIENDLY HOTEL THAT I HIGHLY RECOMMEND. LOVED IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bmasker
<Content>O'Keefe Plaza Hotel - Location alone is worth $100.00 at least I am a salesman that travels at least 90% of the year, Upon my stay in New Orleans. I found a gem of a hotel named the O'Keefe Plaza Hotel. Upon talking to the staff and management I learned that the hotel was once a Sleep Inn Hotel. I have stayed in Sleep Inns before and have never got the great treatment that i received at this hotel. The General Manager Jay Vadhar was very friendly and assisted me personally with some requests that i had for parking arrangements for my trailer that contained all my products for work. He arranged security to look after my trailer over night, and didn't charge me anything additional. This type of personal treatment goes way beyond what any other hotel manager has done for me in over 18 years of sales. I will definetly stay at the O'Keefe Plaza again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ybnorml
<Content>Good location, clean, good price and deal The location is good, it is only about 4 or 5 blocks to the corner of Canal and Burbon Street. It's also only about 6 blocks to the Superdome. Both are fairly short walks, better than the drive most of the time. It was priced at $80 which isn't bad for a hotel in New Orleans. It was clean and seemed to be in a safe location. The only negatives were:1. that breakfast was suppose to be served at 7:00, but didn't start until just after 8:002. It was difficult to adjust the water in the shower, it was either really hot or cold.3. The door to the bathroom was broken.4. It took them 6 hours to bring up some extra pillows.5. People were smoking in the non smoking rooms.I would stay there again, but next time I am going to stay a little bit closer to the quarter and give another hotel a visit. I know that there are better hotel's in New Orleans, but this one wasn't bad.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location  This place was great for $72.00 a night (booked about two months prior). A cab ride from the airport cost 28.00 for two people or you can get a shuttle for 26.00. Upon arrival we were greeted by the manager who confirmed our reservation. Upon arrival in the room it was average size with a king bed but very clean. Some of the king rooms have a refridgerator and microwave. The staff was personable, friendly, and the hotel was clean. The continental breakfast was good (cereal, toast, bagels, waffles, muffins, grits, apple juice, orange juice, coffee). I was in room 300 (3rd floor corner). The hotel is 4 short blocks from Canal Street and about a 10 minute walk to Bourbon Street. There is a Walgreens within walking distance and a 24 hour convenience store called Brothers within 2 blocks. The store within the hotel is reasonable and the beer is cheaper then on Bourbon. The convention center is a good walk and a cab costs 7.50 + tip one way. The trolley system is the best bet to travel at $1.25 each way. You can buy a three day pass for $12.00 for unlimited rides. There is a computer in the main lobby that has free internet access to it. Taxes ran about 10.00 for a total of 83.00 and some change. Quiet hotel and a good location away from the hustle and bustle. Enjoy !!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CopacabanaGrill
<Content>pretty good stay I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in June. The hotel is well located in downtown New Orleans. There are many restaurants and a Walgreens drug store a few blocks away. The area seems fairly safe, especially during the day. You will have no problems walking to and from the French Quarter as there are always people out and about. Also this hotel is very close to the French Quarter. I walked to the Walgreens every day after work and only on my last day did I realize that I only had to cross the next street to enter the Quarter, it was that close!The staff is very helpful. There is an internet center available for free. And the breakfast (free) is good. They even have grits!Overall, the price of this hotel is good and I recommend you stay here since it is in a quiet location that is still close enough to the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ummm, okay, I guess.... maybe Okay, so where to start....?I can't decide if I like the place or not. But I certainly won't be staying there again. We stayed there twice for a couple of days each time in June. The rooms were certainly cheap enough, and the location is good for getting about NO while avoiding the Bourbon Street idiot crowd and the much more expensive hotels located near there. The rooms were also okay in fitout, especially for what we paid. And it's not like they're claiming to be much of a hotel.But on the downside makes me think I'll fork out the little extra and stay somewhere a lot nicer next time.The first time the only thing wrong was the front desk staff. They clearly couldn't care less about anyone except their phone conversations with their friends, and equally, weren't inclined to offer anything other than a purely functional 'welcome'. Now, granted, the concept of service in the US is slightly bizaare and far below what you get in many other coutnries, but at this hotel it was just plain bad. Good luck getting them to honour their '100% gaurantee' if you dare complain about anything!The room (on the fourth floor) was quiet, clean and everything pretty much worked as claimed. Freebie breakfast was okay, although very limited. So far so good. We were glad we checked out when we did though because that very morning their water system decided to rupture: water streaming from the ceiling right in front of the ground floor front desk. Result: no water that day in any of the rooms. Annoying, but hardly anything you can blame them for as such.Second time was less enjoyable. 1st floor rooms should be avoided. Refused, in fact. Unless you *like* road noise, drunken people knocking on your windows and doors at three am, and wall paper peeling off the walls. And then the toilet flooded. I must say, they were very prompt about cleaning it up. Less impressive was their method for cleaning: scoop and mop the water away and then leave. The carpet was soaked, the tiles in the toilet were unclean and they simply didn't use anything to clean except a mop and more water. No disinfectant, no cleaning products at all, no treating the carpet. Ick, ick, ick. Makes me shudder to think what else has happened in the rooms previously.Quality Inn and Confort Suites are just down the road from this hotel. I'll be trying one of them or another one next time.Sort of a 2.5 out of 5 overall, with a 1/5 for the second stay and a 3/5 for the first.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad customer service...adequate rooms Heed the warnings in the other reviews regarding reservations for non-smoking rooms. Like previous reviewers, I, too, reserved a non-smoking room. At check-in, the front desk clerk insisted that I had reserved a smoking room. I showed her a copy of my reservation from the Choice Hotels web site, as well as the specific note I included with the reservation stating We must have a non-smoking room. The clerk then relented. I overheard another clerk tell a guest that all non-smoking rooms had been sold out. Later that evening, we saw a rather rude confrontation between the desk clerks and several guests, again regarding non-smoking rooms. One clerk was loud and condescending, saying, unkindly, that they do not have to recognize requests for non-smoking rooms made on web sites like Expedia. I went to the smoking floors to see how they were, and the strong odor of cigarette smoke made it obvious that they were smoking floors. We also had other problems with service. We stayed for 3 nights, and we could NEVER get the front desk to answer the phone when we called. The rooms were small, but adequate. The bathroom offers little privacy; everyone in the room will know what business you're tending to. The rooms were clean, but housekeeping was slow. Our room was not serviced until late afternoons during our stay, making a disco nap impossible. There is parking directly across the street from the hotel. If you are truly on a budget and can stand up to the front desk staff, this hotel will suffice. Otherwise, spend a few extra dollars on other hotels in the area and get a better room, much better service, and piece of mind.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mardi Gras + Sleep Inn = Perfect When my boyfriend and I decided to go to Mardi Gras, I knew finding a hotel was going to be difficult. I am a travel agent, have access to many different search engines and initally, I wanted to be closer to Bourbon Street. However, I looked closer at this hotel and decided that with our budget, this was the best deal I could find. Of course we paid more because it was Mardi Gras, but nothing extravagent. We found the hotel without a hitch. It was very easy to find, check in was a breeze and our room was wonderful. Very clean, spacious rooms and very secure. Because it was Mardi Gras, they had an employee check the doors and make sure that we had the wrist bands on that we were given upon check in. The parking was very secure and we never felt threatened there. In addition, we walked everywhere, all hours of the day and we were not afraid at all. The location is perfect, although the people were a little roudy in the hotel, but I attribute that to Mardi Gras.We were very, very pleased with this hotel and I am so glad we ended up staying there. The staff were wonderful, very professional and helpful.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good if you don't have problems I was the first week of december at this hotel. My first impression was bad because they told me that I reserved a smoking room (I saw at least 2 people with the same problem), it was 6 p.m and i was going to see a NBA game at 7 p.m.I showed my reservation that i did directly at choicehotels (of course non smoking room) and she said that´s a problem not of they and that I have to call to choice hotels, when I asked the girl if we can call she said i have to call from my room. (very rude) At choice hotels they told me they will communicate with me by e-mail and 17 days after my call I´m still waiting.The next day the hotel resolved the problem, but I really don´t like the attitude they had, I know that sometimes you have mistakes but the way you explain to the customer makes the difference. The only person who really look worried and was the person who called me when the new room was ready is Cecilia.If it wasn´t for the problem I justed describe I will give the hotel the five points, because it has a good location (3 blocks from the quarter and 4 from the superdome), the breakfast is good and also they have the parking lot in the hotel that´s important.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>erzeszut
<Content>Convenient, cheap fun in New Orleans! My wife and I planned a quick weekend getaway in New Orleans. Due to a combination of factors (home games for LSU, Tulane, and the Saints; and, Veteran's Day Weekend) our usual favorite hotels were either sold out or twice the price we normally pay.After looking at various hotels, we settled on the Sleep Inn Central Business District (CBD). Cheap and convenient, and we were really just looking for a clean place to sleep -- nothing fancy. And, using Comfort Hotel's price-match guarantee, I was able to get this hotel to match the rate I found on Expedia, and give us an additional 10% discount. So the final rate was $89.10/night, much cheaper than anything else in the area for that weekend. ($18/night for parking as well.)We arrived at around 3 PM on Friday afternoon and checked in to the hotel. They gave us a parking pass for the car and we parked in the hotel's convenient and secure rear parking lot. They warn that parking is by availability only, which is kind of lousy -- seems like for $18/night, they should only sell as many parking passes as they have spaces. We came back late Friday night and got the last available spot -- I would have been quite angry if we had found the lot full!Anyway, we were assigned a room on the 5th floor and dragged our luggage up there. As soon as we opened the door, the smell of cigarette smoke was obvious; and we had requested a non-smoking room. (I later found out that the entire 5th and 6th floors are smoking floors; floors 1-4 are non-smoking.)I returned to the desk and explained the problem. The clerk was sympathetic but unhelpful, explaining that the Comfort Inn website often overbooks the non-smoking room. I persisted, explaining that my wife has asthma (a little white lie) and that we really couldn't stay in that room. The manager overheard and came over, taking a second floor non-smoking room from someone else and reassigning it to us. I felt a little guilty passing our problem to someone else, but we were checking in mid-afternoon; the early bird gets the worm!! And, we really had asked for a N/S room.With that settled, the rest of our stay was enjoyable, and the hotel was just what we thought it would be -- a convenient, safe, inexpensive place to sleep. The hotel is on the corner of Perdido and O'Keefe in the CBD. An easy 3-block walk put us at the corner of Canal St and Burgundy. This is kind of the top left corner of the French Quarter, 2 blocks from Bourbon Street and about 8-10 blocks from Jackson Square and Cafe du Monde / the French Market.The area between the hotel and Canal Street seemed relatively safe. We walked it a few times in the dark and were never accosted by panhandlers or had creepy people watching us. On the way to Canal you pass another hotel (a Quality Inn), a couple of bars, a parking garage, and an office building. There were always other tourists around, so I never felt threatened.We left our car in the parking lot except to go to the Rock N Bowl (Mid City Lanes) on Friday night (see separate review). It was easy to get to Tulane Avenue from this hotel, and get out towards mid-city. It was also very easy to get to and from I-10; even on Sunday, with a fair amount of traffic in town for the Saints game.There seemed to be quite a lot of people in this hotel, but it was pretty quiet and we slept easily. Our room was on the second floor, facing O'Keefe. We did get a little bit of traffic noise, but nothing excessive. And we never heard anything from the rooms adjacent to us or above/below us.The room itself was a standard mid-range hotel room. Two double beds, a small dresser with TV, a luggage shelf and a bar for hanging clothes. The bathroom area had a small vanity with sink, and a pocket door separating it from the toilet and shower area. The shower was a decent sized stall with a frosted glass door, and water pressure/temperature was always fine.One nice feature of this hotel, if you have a room on the second floor -- there's a wide, curving staircase from the lobby to the second floor. So if you're on floor #2, you don't have to wait for the slow elevators.The hotel had a continental breakfast, business center, exercise room, and small outdoor pool -- none of which we used!!If you're looking for a basic hotel within easy distance to the French Quarter, the Sleep Inn CBD will meet your needs. We would stay here again, though staying within the Quarter would always be our first choice.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Oasis in a Desert of Parking Lots My jaw almost dropped when I first saw the place since it was surrounded by decaying buildings and empty parking lots, but once inside, I knew that I had made the right decision. The hotel looked new and the rooms were large and clean with all the amenities -- hairdryer, refrigerator, toiletries. The breakfast was quite good and the parking, although expensive ($18), was convenient. At night, the area was quiet and relatively deserted, but well-lit. The hotel was close to the French Quarter and other more expensive hotels. For the price of $71 for a double room, this was one of the best bargains in town.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel ! We spent 4 nights at the Sleep Inn CBD in New Orleans. I would recomend this hotel to anyone wanting a less expensive but nice hotel to stay !- Good deal = US$ 72 /night- Very good location, walking distance from French quartier- Very clean an quiet room- Staff = Nice and helpfull  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All things said and done the sleep inn is the best value in new orleans! The Sleep Inn, CBD is the best value in new orleans!ReasonsTOP Reason Best Value for my money!1. ON site parking with in and out privledges! Someplaces wanted to charge me $25.00 for parking and said i must pay an additional $25.00 to repark if i have to leave!2. Friendly and informative staff. They answered all my questions on places to go and what places to avoid.3. The front desk staff informed me and booked tours where i got some great pictures and information about N.O.4. Clean and Quiet rooms!5. Close to the French Quarter/Superdome/Arena to walk (safe).Next time i come to New Orleans i'll be staying at the Sleep Inn!!!!!!  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ERat
<Content>Better than expected After reading some of the reviews of the hotels in the New Orleans area, I didn't know where to stay. I picked the Sleep Inn due to the price, $72 per night. I also liked the idea of staying a few blocks away from the French Quarter. This hotel was quite a suprise. It was very clean and very quiet. The staff was nice and the continental breakfast was good. The location is great, it is about a 20 minute walk to the French Quarter, the Convention Center, and the Superdome. Very central. I also thought the area was quite safe, I walked everywhere I went and didn't fear for my safety at all. I would recomend this hotel to anyone wanting a less expensive but equally nice place to stay while in the Big Easy.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad deal My husband and I went to New Orleans for the Sugar Bowl. We got a great deal on our hotel room at the Sleep Inn.The room was ready for us to check in at 11am. I was worried that they wouldn't let us since we arrived early, but we had no problems.We were within walking distance to all attractions, which saved $ on cab fare.The rooms were small but clean. The continintal breakfast was fresh- the dining area very clean. We did not encounter any problems with staff.I would stay here again, however next time I am in town I'll stay in the French Quarter- just because it is beautiful!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too shabby, literally This place is fine for the money and stars. It was clean, quiet, and for the money a good deal. I guess that's what you ask for from a Sleep Inn.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid Staying Here My personal experience at this particular Sleep Inn has been a very bad one. My flight arrived in the city at 9 a.m. On arrival at the hotel I am told that the check-in time 2 pm and that I can only get to my reserved room at that time. I leave my luggage and laptop computer in the locked cloak room of the hotel and went out for sight-seeing. After I get checked in late that afternoon, I am told that they will bring my luggage to my room in a few moments. After some time , I am told, to my disbelief that they cannot find my luggage and am told to not worry about anything at all as they will ask the bell boy. Hours later, there is no clue about my luggage and the police is called in to take a report. The police inquired about the security camera footage as that could give us a valuable clue to what might have happened to my belongings. The owner said that the security cameras developed a snag two days ago and he has called the company to fix it. Can you imagine a hotel without any security vigilance for that long?? The person who was entrusted with the cloak room as well as portering luggage was there for only three weeks and had left for the day and the job as well. No one knew his contact information. I was here for a seminar and I really did not appreciate it at all to run to the mall in the morning to shop for work clothes and the biggest loss was of my laptop which was practically my work lifeline. The hotel does not have any standard procedures that would have prevailed under such circumstances. I called the Sleep Inn 1-800 number as this is franchise and they are unable to help me so far. I read with amusement the brochure in the room that suggests that we give all our valuables to the hotel for safekeeping!! Needless to say I have to bear all costs for this loss. I am totally dismayed by all this. It does not surprise me that much that things do get lost, misplaced or stolen but the fact that there is nothing in terms of customer service and satisfaction at Sleep Inn.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

