<Author>haitch
<Content>Time to knock the Macao down and start again Let me start off by saying that I am a Riu fan. Have been for years, and quite frankly, I am loathe to stay at other hotel chains. My view is, better the devil you know,...So, from December 10th to December 18th, we booked to go to the Macao.But let's face it. The Macao is not a palace. It is in need of a significant facelift and an upgrade. Other people have detailed problems with elevators and so on. All things said are true. They were happening in early December, and I've read that they carried on into the New Year. We've stayed in many Riu's, from Mexico to the DR etc, and even the Classic or Club hotels are better than the Macao. It just doesn't seem to fit the current Riu business model. Don't get me wrong, there's really nothing wrong with the food, or the service. But the hotel building itself? Well, it sucks.You will see reviews on here that will leave you totally confused. Some people hate it, others love it. So I will explain.If you are looking for a quiet relaxing holiday, with no party people around, go to the Macao. If on the other hand, you want to have some fun, stay away. Or better yet, go to the Riu Punta Cana Palace next door. We moved there after a few days and had the real Riu experience that we were looking for, and have come to expect from Riu.Would I go back to the Macao? No way. Would I go back to the Punta Cana Palace? In a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>momscreenname
<Content>horrible - avoid at all costs what a bummer - looked great on the website, decent to very good reviews here on trip advisor, but once we arrived i knew immediately that it was a huge mistake. the rooms are beyond weathered, the balcony depressing with rusty, chipped furniture. we lasted all of 2 hours before we called our travel agent and insisted that she find our family of 5 another hotel....luckily for us she was able to get us moved to Paradissus Punta Cana. it turned out to be perfect.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>limed
<Content>Not a Palace - Has Plus and Minus Qualities Let me first start out by saying that my wife and I have travelled for several years to Latin America, and we have stayed at some very nice hotels, and some not-so-nice hotels so our review has some foundation to base from. Rather than write a lot of text I thought I would give you bullets to consider before staying here:Plus Side: Very, very nice beach, available chairs -- even during the busiest Christmas to New Year week, no nagging vendors on the beach (they are there but leave you alone), impressive lobby, nice pool but cold during the Christmas season, shops near the hotel were fun, entertainment staff around the premise were excellent, maids did a great job cleaning and made the rooms spotless each day.Negative Side: Water in the hotel is not purified (not uncommon in Latin America but I would expect a Palace to have it!), food was OK, no top-shelf alcohol like the sister RIU Palace in Cabo, work out facility was a rusty joke, no culture (I joked with my wife that we were staying in the country of RIU; there's nothing around but other RUI hotels), bed and pillows were sub-par, outlets don't accept USA plugs where one side is bigger than the other and you have to put a deposit down for an adaptor (if they can even find one for you). Elevators have major problems. Front desk staff and some bartenders simply didn't go out of their way to make you feel welcome.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>Captainamerika
<Content>Best rum in the world!! This resort is really awesome. The staff are really friendly and really nice. The rooms are amazing and very well kept. The liquor wells are fantastic, and the in room fridge is well stocked. Just ask the beverage cart man for some rum and you will never drink anything else. It is the most amazing rum in the world. I brought 12 bottles back with me and want to go back for more. This resort and the other hotels associated with it have some really nice shows and entertainment at night. The jazz group is amazing and really friendly. The Michael Jackson show is outstanding and the all inclusive part tops it all off with free drinks and food. Although, dining at night can be a little troublesome with having to make reservations at each restaurant, but when you do the food is really good. Also, shopping is really close and really affordable. The casino is just fair but is a fine place to spend some time. Don't play the slots just the table games, the slots are tight but the table games are ok with their standards. Finally, during the day around the resort they have games and competitions that are well worth the time. they are very fun and the staff outside is awesome. and if you win, you get more rum. The rum is great! All around this experience is awesome and something that should be enjoyed and taken in instead of nit picking little things. if you find little things just drink more rum, it is everywhere and the rum is great!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>laurenlocicero
<Content>Definitely not a palace!!! Let me just start off by saying that I have been to Punta Cana 3 times, and this was the most disappointing of the 3.We were at the Palace Macao for our wedding, a party of 23 people, for 2 weeks. There wasn't a single person in our party that did not have complaints about the hotel, which is incredibly disappointing being the bride.Our stay was from Nov 13/08 to Nov 27/08. Unfortunately, 6 out of 7 days of the 2nd week was overcast or storming, which didnt please our guests that stayed only for the 2nd week we were there.I was upset with the service of the hotel before even getting on the plane and arriving there!! Our wedding package that we chose was 1200$, and for what, I have no idea.... on the list of things that are supposed to be included with the package is communication between you and the wedding coordinator at LEAST one month prior to your arrival. I emailed SEVERAL times before leaving and called the resort constantly, which resulted often in being hung up on or put on hold for at least an hour. When it came down to it, the coordinator emailed us back 4 DAYS PRIOR TO ARRIVING AT THE RESORT!!! At the time that she finally contacted us, she let us know that the restaurant we were supposed to have our reception in, had burnt down 2 months ago, thanks for warning us!!!!!! This restaurant was the reason we had booked our wedding with them 5 months prior!!! At this point, I was already very upset with the way things were going.The moment I arrived I knew I was going to be disappointed. The hotel looked run down, like it had been built and furnished 20 years ago. We were promised a honeymoon suite by the hotel and were told when we got there that we might be able to get one in a few days, which upset me since I had arranged the wedding 5 months prior.We took our 11 month old daughter along with us and needed to use their elevator for stroller use, and it only fit the stroller and my husband and I squished together if we were lucky and didnt pack anything along with us, and only worked SOMETIMES. It literally took us about 10 minutes to get the elevator working just to get to our room.When I saw the room, I nearly cried. In disappointment that is. The furnishings were uglier than ugly, the bathroom was rundown, the silicone along the edges of the tub were black and disgusting. The door to our room actually had a crack right in the middle of the door which was letting in tons of disgusting little bugs. Oh, and might I add, that when you request a King size bed, you can expect to have 2 double beds pushed together!!!! Yes, I'm serious! They push two smaller beds together, and put king size sheets and blankets on them, so you may actually get stuck falling in the stupid crack of the beds. The air conditioning in the room was terrible at best, only if you have it cranked all the way with the fan on full blast with the balcony door locked at all times. Most of our wedding party got sick the first few days they were there because of the air conditioning.At this point, I pushed for a room upgrade, which we got after 3 days. Same run down room, just a bit bigger, which made me a little happier because we couldnt fit the stroller and the playpen in the regular size room.We went to look around the hotel, which continually disappointed me. The entertainment at night is DEFINITELY lacking!!! Other resorts were much more organized, and no, I do not consider airband to be entertainment. Most of the shows were the staff dressing up and pretending to sing to music, very disappointing. The disco was off of our hotel, which DID NOT include free drinks (I thought this was an all inclusive resort??) neither did the casino. The disco had SOME people in it after 1:00 am, and thats the entertainment in the evenings. Sometimes, there was karaoke, which was terrible.Not to mention, that any of the theaters, or bars, or entertainment rooms on the Macao resort were not air conditioned, which caused us only to be able to sit and watch shows for about... 2 minutes before my daughter was sick and overheating. The humidity was extremely high, and I dont understand how there was absolutely no air conditioning anywhere. However, if you ever snuck onto the Riu Palace Punta Cana, EVERYTHING there was heavily air conditioned, now THAT'S the palace.The hotel most would find were friendly but not to the extent that I was used to from other resorts.The beach ok, not great. Didnt do a great job of cleaning, always found garbage and cigarette butts in the sand, disgusting. They didnt do a great job of cleaning the pavement from the huge mounds of sand that built up from the wind storms, which caused us to have to carry the stroller rather than push it most of the time.The food was the only thing that actually amazed me, it was great, I dont have a single complaint about it which is very different from other resorts' food, which was terrible and un-edible. However, it is truly hard to find REAL orange juice in the Dominican, rather than Tang.The resort seemed as though it was made only for seniors. The daytime fun was archery and horseshoes. HAHAThe wedding was disappointing at best. That 1200$ I mentioned for the wedding package, does not include most of everything you will want. It only allows your wedding reception to be 2 hours long, and was not private which in most cases does not cut it, so we had to of course pay extra for this, 700$ USD extra, and we found out after paying that extra fee that the private reception is actually only half of a restaurant, so the other half is full of people gawking at you and causing other background noise during your speeches. Oh, and if you want music at the reception, this also costs. 300$ USD, whether you have a DJ or not, and the DJ only plays music he wants to hear, regardless of what you ask for. The only flowers that come in the package is for the bride and groom, and the flower girl. Any other flower arrangements you want, of course, costs. Altogether the wedding at the RIU Macao cost approximately 2500$ which was well over the costs at other resorts for what we received.Since we hit the end of the rain season, it STORMED on our wedding day, causing the wedding ceremony to be moved from the beach to some BLAH conference room indoors in one of the other hotels. Since the ceremony was moved, and the staff were unorganized, some of the things we paid extra for we didnt get, such as some of our flower arrangements, and other small details.Overall, I would rate the resort 2 stars out of 5, only because the food was so good. I would only recommend this hotel to people 70 years +. If you are younger than 70, DONT GO HERE!!!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	4	2	2	

<Author>janDerbys
<Content>riu palace macao best ever holiday . j brooks-kinder. derbyshire england we regretfully left the riu palace macao on the 2nd december,after a brilliant holiday. After reading some reviews of this resort i wasnt looking forward to going but, i found my worries unrealised. The service everywhere was second to none.Our rooms were lovely and cleaned daily, the buffet was wonderful , with plenty of choice for everyone,and such wonderful waiter service, special thanks to alberto, juancito and pablo who did a brilliant job of waiting on .In fact i found the whole staff to be pleasant and very friendly,also they were able to speak english. The beach was beautiful with white sands and torqouise seas.the weather was sunny and in the 80s for the 2 weeks we were there apart from 2 days rain.All in all we could not find any fault with the riu palace macao, and can,t wait to visit again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GemsKentEngland
<Content>Oh my god Iove this place       Wedding gazebo at the Bambu  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beaver_downunder
<Content>5 Star all the way.       sushi buffet, only on gala night  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Joyce-Don
<Content>One Of The Best This was our 9th trip to D.R. over the past 5 years.THE RESORT was the smallest we have visited and found it to be one of the best. What made is great was the employees. After a few days they all became friends and sadisfied our every need. When my wife and I went to the beach Roberto would get of chair pads and set up our loungers for the day.THE BUFFET hit the spot. We never ate at any resturants. The buffet had theme night every night and the selections were always fresh and plentiful. At first we were not sure the assigned seating and seating time was a good idea, but, after two days the staff would greet us, pull our the chairs and get our wine.THE BEACH Whats to say. The beach is the greatest. I live at the beach in Delaware and the Punta cana water is clear, warm and relaxing. You can walk for miles. The beach bar was central too. THE POOL, My wife and I would vist the pool in the afternoon to watch and get involved in the activities.Dont miss the managers party .ROOM SERVICE only used it for morning coffee. Coffee would be delivered within 10 minutes.AGAIN this resort was one of the best my wife and I have visted. We only met one couple from the USA, and all the guest were friendly and seemed to be enjoying their vavation.This is one resort I will return too.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>phinz
<Content>Palace it's not Even though I thought this was a nice hotel, I think calling it a Palace resort is giving the wrong impression. I have travelled to several Caribbean islands and have stayed at the Riu Tropical Bay in Negril and have never noticed a musty smell, but our room was humid and smelly. We left the air conditioning on as low as it would go, and it was barely cool. The main dining room was very warm and it was hard to enjoy your dinner.  The food was ok. We ate at the buffet every evening and always found something to eat. Lunch was usually left over from the previous night's dinner. Breakfast was the best meal with fresh blended juices. Even with the negatives of this resort, the beach is absolutely beautiful with all the palm trees and soft white sand. The water was clear and warm. It was relaxing just to sit under a tree and look at the beautiful water. They had good beach service and most employees were friendly.I am not sure if I would return to this resort, but I would for sure return to this area. You don't really spend much time in the room, but you do have to be comfortable to sleep. Maybe we just had a room that did not have a good air conditioner, but I have read many others complain about the same thing. Maybe the Riu needs to update the furnishings and air conditioning in this resort.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>LAS85
<Content>Fantastic! I just got back from an amazing week-long vacation at the Riu Palace Macao. A group of 35 went down for my sister's wedding and it was wonderful. It was my first time on an all inclusive vacation. The Dominican people and the resort staff in particular are probably the nicest people I have ever met. They are SO hardworking but go about their work with such a happy attitude. The resort was spotless except for a slight smokey smell in the rooms but that's the same in most hotels. The food was delicious. I'm a vegetarian and I found many options at the buffet for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The a la cart restaurants are better suited to meat-eaters. The ocean was a little weedy because of recent storms but it was so warm and I swam in it more than the pool. I do recommend going off the resort on day trips because 1) it's fun! and 2) to see how the Dominican people live - it's a real eye-opener. If you want to go horseback riding I would think twice about it because the horses are not in the best condition. Overall I highly recommend the Riu Palace. I visited the top of the line 'Palace Punta Cana' and I have to say I much preferred the Macao - it's more intimate and friendly while still a 5-star resort. I would love to go back to the Palace Macao one day.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EABUk
<Content>Nice but not as much as a palace as I expected! This was my first time in an RIU and I travelled with a group of regular users of RIUs, particularly in the Dominican Republic. Overall our experience was good, particularly service from staff who were great. One night there was a power cut and the staff still served despite being in a blackout! The rooms were a big dissapointment. Whilst they were big they were tired - definately in need of a refurb to enable the hotel to live up to its Palace status. Our balcany door was so old it was hard to open, the fridge was tiny and whilst the beds were huge, the hotel didn't provide linen to fit. Linen wasn't always stain free! The hotel offers room service which is lovely, food is hot and tasty but ordering is a hassel. Everytime we called, someone non-english speaking picked up and after a long conversation with 2/3 people there was no choice but to hang up. WIthin time someone English speaking always called back and made sure you got your order so it wasn't all bad. The rooms were not cleaned until about 4pm and the cleaners had a habit of removing things without replacing them. For example, the shower gel was taken from our room and it took a few days and requests to 5 different staff members before it was returned. Only a minor thing but frustratingThe Thomson rep was appalling. A complete drip and only interested in selling trips. Hardly saw him and when we asked for help, he wasn't interested and never got back to you when he promised to. Definately in the wrong job and completely out of his depth. I am surprised he was even recruited by Thomson as he is such a wet blanket. If you are after great service by the waiters, and a relaxing holiday this will be great. It wasn't a bad holiday but the small things started to build up and became a bit frustrating. Our feeling was that RIU are putting all their efforts in the grand palaces ie Palace Punta Cana (which we visited) and letting their standard palaces go a bit. If you want a hotel with a wow factor go to the Punta Cana. However, the Macao was a personal hotel as it was a bit smaller and the staff tried hard. Oh and it does smell damp!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>NewlyWedsLiverpool
<Content>relaxing honeymoon Just returned from a week at the Palace Macau on our honeymoon, 6 - 13 October. Was a little worried before we left as the latest reviews were not great, but we didnt need to be.Flight - very long, we not used to long haul and after sitting for an hour on the plane at manchester airport, we then had a further 9 hours which we found hard going. No problems getting to hotel, reception efficient and bags taken to our rooms. Rooms- our room did have a musty smell but was not bad enough to cause us any concern, room big and well stocked fridge.Food - Excellent ! there was just too much choice in the buffet, and was always fresh and delicious. we tried the steak house one night, which was ok, but missed the choice of the buffet. Men, make sure you wear only long trousers, not even very smart 3/4 pants are allowed.Staff - the waiters in the restaurant were fantastic, they couldnt do enough for us and could speak a little english and as i can speak a little spanish it was fine. even the waiter by the pool and beach was great and we never got off our sunbed, he just brought over the drinks! Beach - lovely but quite windy. much nicer than sitting by the pool as there was no breeze there and got very hot. Weather much better in the mornings so suggest get up early, we on beach for 8.30am as sun was often gone by 4ish. Dont pay any prices on caribean street without haggling! we bought a small picture at $15 after knocking him down and saw the same picture in punta cana airport for $10. Also if you walk down the beach to the market stalls/shops take care, do not go if you find it difficult to say no! the men will not take no for an answer and will not let you even walk past without looking in their shops and then follow you round picking up everything you look at. it was hard work, but we picked up a few bargains as they will take low prices to get the sales. Went on one trip on the speed boat trip. was fantastic, the staff there were brilliant and really looked after us. You do go very fast on the individual speed boats so dont take anything with you that will be damaged by water. You then snorkle off their raft and swim with the amazing fish. All this is recorded and we bought the dvd for $35 which we thought quite expensive but when watched it at home, worth the money.Entertainment - ok, the live singer was awful but we just laughed as him trying to sing elvis with a spanish accent was hysterical. The only problem we have is the smoke, everyone seems to smoke and the boeme bar and show room stinks and no one is considerant to non smokers. we always tried to sit outside on the patio to get away from it.All in all, great relaxing honeymoon, we didnt do much apart from chill out, eat and swim. If you love good food, this is the place to come.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>uncivil1
<Content>Wonderful Experience We stayed for 7 nights at the Macao and had a wonderful experience. The staff was very accommodating. Beach and pool are very nice and the pool/beach service was exceptional. I traveled with two children ages 7 and 2 and they loved it too. The staff was very welcoming and kind to the children. There was no problem finding something to eat for the adults or the kids. I have read some reviews where people complain that there was trash in the beach, the rooms were damp feeling, that the AC was not very efficient and that there was little English spoken. Please keep in mind that the trash on the beach is not the fault of the hotel or staff it is the fault of the tourist. It was always clean at the start of the day. Also - you are in a humid, hot place so of course things are going to be humid and hot. The AC was adequate but not frigid - but again you are in a hot place. And finally, you are not traveling to an English speaking country. Not all of my plug ins worked in the outlets but the front desk was able to charge my phone and camera.All in all a great experience for a great price. Would definitely return with no hesitation.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>gmdriving
<Content>some brilliant things but room for improvement We have just returned from RPM and had a good holiday! summary as follows:Hotel - nice and spacious giving a good choice of using the beach or pool. Our room was smelly , musty and damp , and the high humidity did nothing to help( most other people we spoke to said their rooms were very good so perhaps we were just a bit unlucky). The fridge was well stocked and regularly refilled(small tips may have helped)Smoking is allowed in the hotel so this was a bit of a step back to a couple of years ago - the 'Boheme' room had a stale odour but was soon forgotten and all other general areas were ok.Food was varied and aimed at US/ European visitors -by using the four restaurants it was easy to avoid too much repitition.No problems on getting towels/sunbeds - always plenty of room Staff - always excellent . Always asking if we needed anything , nothing was too much trouble. We were not allowed to do anything - if we had to work then the staff were not at all happy.Entertainment - a little dated in presentation but never lacking in effort. The thursday evening on Carribean Street is worth seeing. Not much to do when it was raining !Beach - lots of nice golden sand and you can walk for milesSafety - no problems but we did not venture outside the resort unless on a trip.I can't think of anything else except the positives far outweight any negatives !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KarenandRichard
<Content>Brilliant Honeymoon We stayed at the Riu Palace Macao for 2 weeks on 2nd -16th September 2008. For our honeymoon.After reading some reviews we were not sure what to expect.But we loved it and did not want to come home.The room was lovely ( no smell ), we had a fully stocked mini fridge with bottles of pepsi, 7up, beer and water. Also there were 4 optics in the room.We kept our air conditioning on most of the time and the room was very cool.The food was brilliant, we have stayed at other all inclusives but not a RIU before. There was a wide selection for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Even if you got up late, or wanted snacks after meal times there was always food available.We ate at the buffet restaurant every night as we enjoyed it so much,there was a large choice. We never had a day where they did not have something we didnt like.We found the people there very friendly, even though we do not speak any spanish we always managed to get what we needed.The language barrier caused us no problems.The coctails were great and my husband enjoyed the beer.We always managed to get a sunbed by the pool, and we were constantly served drinks, are glasses were never empty, thanks to Antonio.The beach is georgeous but we prefered to stay by the pool as it has more shade and umberellas. We certinly needed it, as it was so hot.The weather was great apart from the first two days we had rain.But enjoyed sitting in the bar so much it didnt bother us.We had a lovely relaxing honeymoon and hopefully plan to go back soon.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MarkLucyAndover
<Content>Good holiday - But not a Palace!!       Sunrise  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>loopy_tours
<Content>Fantastic, relaxing holiday!       The Pool!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LogRoom
<Content>Loved this place       Beach View  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ferdon
<Content>Loved Macao What a fabulous place this resort was!. We were there for 2 fabulous weeks. The moment we arrived at this resort we were pampered. I find it hard to believe anyone would say anything negative. The animaction team...Johnny Bravo, Big John, Big Papi, EZE and Nanu made the day fun. They entertained with so much humour and made everyone feel special. Yes the shows were amateur , but they tried their best. After all it wasn't Vegas. Unlike some other resorts, the service was quick and efficient. We had no trouble that wasn't taken care iof immediately. They called our room every couple of days to ensure everthing was fine. Service was the best. Around the pool...beach...buffets..no matter where.We highly recomment this resort for food cleanliness and mostly service  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PedroSG
<Content>Enjoayable week Iéº“ve just arrived from Punta Cana. We had very pleasant week. The animation Was very good (Eze is just fantastic) and the employees are very friendly. The quality / price ratio is very good. I advise the hotel, because despite already had been in better hotels, the truth ais that paid more. An unforgettable week without doubt.The show at the Bohem bar were also very good.Portugal/Brasil enjoyed much!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Gwoppo
<Content>You will love this place       The white sand beach at Riu Palace Macao  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tuesdaysgone
<Content>Aug 23-30th family of 4 from Toronto       beach  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>andym1109
<Content>Overall, very nice hotel..... This was my first trip to the DR, and also my first all-inclusive.My bride and I stayed 8/23-8/30/08.From the moment we entered the spacious lobby and were met with drinks, we felt very special. I don't know where some of the criicisms came from from other travelers. We had a standard room, which had a small terrace. It was spacious and had 2 queen size beds. The room was clean, the bathroom was not large but more than adequate. The furniture may not be brand new, but it was in good condition nonetheless. The mini bar was constantly stocked, and there are liquor dispensers in each room (no extra charge)Let me start with the negatives:1. Other reviewers as well a friends advised me to stay away from the restaurants. The Palace Macao has a Japanese restaurant and a Steakhouse. Although not bad, neither stand out. We were told we could visit 3 of the other 4 Riu resorts in the complex, but we didn't bother. The buffets made up for the restaurants. See comments later on.2. The Room Service leaves a lot to be desired. They boast of 24 hour availability, but the menu leaves little to order. 2 salads, 2 sandwiches, nachos and cake are all there are on the menu.3. The main entertainment is not very good. It's time to retire the Michael Jackson impersonator. The other production is Cabaret. Yes, the original broadway cast, or rather their voices. The entire production is lip synched. The La Boheme theaterwas about 85 degrees, and we left as soon as we heard Liza's voice coming out of someone else. They really need to update this.Now, the positives:1. The rooms were constantly cleaned, and the bed was turned down every night. The sheets were clean, towels were more than ample, and the bed was very comfortable.2. It rained, so we had to resort to the TV. Other reviewers said they got a few poorly received channels. There were only 3 English speaking channels, but about 20 in all. The TV could be upgraded to newer sets, but that's not why you go to the DR. 3. The buffets-amazing! From breakfast through lunch and then dinner, the selection was unending, and the food was fresh and attractively displayed. Other food is available near the pool all day. There was no reason to make reservations at 8 AM, as many others said. Make friends with a maitre' d and you're in. 4. The pool is clean, certainly large enough, and there is much natural shade right near the pool for people like me who burn and don't tan. The beach is right there, and the clear water and cool sand make it a pleasure. Water sports are available, many for free. I tried to go parasailing 3 times, and they screwed up the reservation each time. Still I loved the beach. As there are many Europeans, some went topless.5. Tours-there are many availabale from different tour operators. We took the Bavaro Runner tour, which is an all day excursion into the real DR. The tour guide, Mimi, was great-he is full of funny stories. Beer is served on the open bus (no windows). You visit a sugar cane plantation, cigar stand, a school, a beach and a horse farm where riding is available for free. A Dominican lunch is included, and was a pleasant surprise-nice variety and good qualiy.6. Finally, the people. The Dominicans are very friendly. Everyone I know said to bring a lot of cash for tipping. It's not really required. The service at the hotel was fantastic-a special thak you to my man Pedrito, who made sure we were happy.Overall, we had a really nice time, and I'd visit another Riu property with no hesitation.Andy MMonroe Township NJ  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lianaemili
<Content>3rd Time Back, and Still Amazing We stayed at the Riu Palace Macao the first week of August. We have been there already 2 times before and we absolutely loved it, so we went back again this year for the 3rd time. There was a group of us who went down, 15 people in total. There were 7 kids between the ages of 12 - 18 and then adults. Food: Just like the past 2 years..excellent. A variety at the buffet, everything you would want for dinner. Meat, fish, soup, pizza, pasta, salad...tons of food. It is obviously not like home but it is damn good enough. Rooms: Clean clean clean. I've read some of the other reviews that say they rooms smelled, they were moldy etc. Where did you people go? All of our rooms were very clean, smelled like the beautiful Dominican air, and absolutely NO mold. We found one ant on our bathroom floor but come on...it cant be perfect. Kill it and move on!Beach: Breathtaking. Thats all I'm going to say.Pool: Clean, warm, but pretty busy most of the time. I'm an ocean lover.Service: Great. Drinks came fast, the people were always asking to assist you, always trying to help. However, if you want ocean view rooms BOOK THEM. Because they wont be easy to get.All I can say is this hotel is my favorite. I've been to cuba and mexico as well, but this place is the best. My sister and I went to the club Pachaa every night. Let me just say...not for kids, but AMAZING for older teens and adults. The way these people move, and the way they feel the music..It's nothing like anyone else ive ever danced with. I LOVED IT.I recommend this hotel for anyone and everyone. It was and still is amazing.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Smiley917
<Content>Season sees to make a big diffrerence This was our second trip to Punta Cana and the Riu Palace Macao. We picked this hotel because we had been there In November with another couple. Our first visit was fabulous. None of us could find any thing about which to complain, We had read all the reviews and kind of knew what we were getting., Our second trip in May left a lot to be desired. We had to have our first room changed because it only had a queen bed and we had requested a king size. Neither one of us is tiny!! We were moved the next morning to a room that looked exactly the same as our room in November 2007. However, by the second day we noticed very limited hot water for washing. By the third day we didn't have any hot water (gives new meaning to cold showers). We called the front desk and they said they were taking care of the situation No one (that day or any day after) seemed to think this was a big dea!! To make a long story short, the next time we had hot water was on the last (7th) day of our vacation. Ironically we noted that the only guests that were complaining of the lack of hot water were Americans! Lots and lots of Europeans. The service staff (cleaning, food, etc.) was still very efficient though did not seem to be as large as in the Fall/Winter, Could be the reason for the downfall in the property,I would not go back to this hotel. Definitely not 4 stars.I must admit though, that after returning home and speaking with my travel agent she did get us a one day refund from Riu. Big deal.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>sputnik1
<Content>Great resort! We had a wonderful two week vacation at Riu Palace Macao.This was our second time at this resort and we enjoyed iteven more than the first time! The kids (7 years old) had a great time and are already asking when we are going to go back. - Beach. Never crowded and it has both sunny and shaded areas. The shade is provided by the beautiful palm trees. There is alway a breeze from the ocean, so it never feels too hot. It is a perfect place to relax with a good book or have a nap.The waiter is always roaming around, so drinks are easy to get.There is a hut nearby where you can get massages, which both me and my wife took advantage of and enjoyed greatly.- Staff and service. The staff is simply outstanding. Everyone here seem to enjoy their work and it shows. They are always smiling and try to make you feel special. - Rooms. We did not have any problems with AC or moist bedding that some people have complained about. The AC worked fine and the room was very clean. We asked for extra bedding sheets for the kids and they brought them right away, though the next day the maid took them away, and when we called to ask for them again, they brought a whole bed instead - talk about the language barrier! We also asked for extra water (you have to use bottled water to drink and brush teeth) many times and it was always provided.- Entertainment. There is mini disco that the kids really enjoyed.Johny does an excellent job with Bingo, always drawing plenty of laughs from the audience. We saw a couple of shows (International and Michael Jackson) and liked them. - Food. We ate mostly at the buffet. There were plenty of choices and I especially enjoyed the seafood - calamari, grouper, salmon, shrimp, were really good. The sparkling wine is really good and can become addictive. I was having about 5 glasses per day toward the end of the second week. I did not like the red or white wines. The beer was good. The deserts were excellent, make sure to try the stewed bananas: put a couple on top of some ice cream (you'll thank me later) Also, don't forget the fruits, the choices are mostly limited to whatever grows locally, but they taste much better then what we get here in Canada. - We ate lunch at the Caribe Grill beach bar, couple times. The view and breeze from the ocean makes this place really awesome. Also, they offer burgers and hot dogs for lunch for those who need their fix of junk food.- Drinks. I found most mixed drinks to be pretty bad. If you enjoy a great Marguerita or a Pina Colada, sadly you are not gonna get it here. Most drinks are made in kind of a big slushy machine, as opposed to a mixer. The bartender just adds liquor to it and here you go. That said, my wife and kids enjoyed virgin pina coladas very much.Overall the vacation was excellent and we are definitely going to come back in the furture!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bflogrl7
<Content>Worst Vacation Ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We just returned from Riu Macao Palace in Punta Cana and out of 17 people that went with us 13 came home with a severe cold and 11 with diarreah and needed a perscription from the Dr.'s. The rooms and not just one smelled like a combination of mildew, backed up sewer. The food was ok nothing to right home about. The Japanese restaurant was the best (very good). ALL restaurants you had to have pants on including buffet. Pool bar couldn't go in if you were wet. Lunch restaurants you couldn't wear your bathing suit. Beach absolutely beautiful. Sevice and friendliness i'll give that AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA. As far as fixing things every day i went down to tell them the phone was broke and that was never fixed needed that i have an infant. the pool was 5ft. all around now some of us are only 5ft or so and that didn't work for them. the pool was also filled with sand all day. I have stayed in several places in the carribean and wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy. The RIU PALACE is absolutely beautiful but so far to walk to get to the pool and beach. All the Riu properties i wouldn't reccomend in D.R.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>NashR
<Content>Best beach in the world If you're looking for the best beach in the world, look no further.Warm water, wide and long, underpopulated sandy beach with a large portion under palm trees. Shade and ocean breeze, with all inclusive drinks that you can either pick up yourself or wait to be delivered right to the beach to you.This was our third trip to Punta Cana, and second time at the RIU Palace Macao. Hotel is showing some signs of aging, but food and service are still excellent. If you can't find what you like, you may have deeper problems... :-)Suites are really nice, but not sure if it's worth the money - no special service in the suites, just more space, living room, two balconies, two crappy TVs and same all inclusive mini-fridge and bar with vodka, gin, rum and brandy.Pool looked decent, but we didn't go to the pool at all - as mentioned, while on the most beautiful beach in the world, it would be a sin to pool it...Entertainment is so-so but with appropriate amount of pina coladas, caribbean orange, etc. it's still better than watching TV...All in all, perfect to relax and enjoy...  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>emalemi
<Content>MGMT let down We checked the apple vacations web site and found a last minute deal to this resort. The reviews are mostly on the positive side so we gave it a try. Our stay was SHORT...but more on that later.Arriving at the Punta Cana airport, we grabbed our luggage and headed outside to find our Apple Representative. You can't miss the flowered shirt, so off we went to the nice large bus for transport. We landed in the evening so you couldn't really see much on the way, and the ride took approximately 30 minutes.First stop was the Iberostar Bavaro and you couldn't help but be impressed with the lobby. A few people got off, and we headed next door to the Riu.Check-in was interesting. I'd call it a group check-in of about 30 people maybe more. They were annnouncing instructions to all of us which was difficult. Granted everyone had had a long day of travel, and just wanted keys to their room. After some paperwork and wristbands went on, off to our room. We had asked out travel agent to request pool view, higher floor, in a quiet location and that's exactly what we received. (#3365) A very nice room, with a balcony. The fridge was stocked, and we were given plenty of towels.Yes, the bathroom is aged...but it was clean and perfectly fine for us. From reading previous comments on this hotel, we knew there had been some problems with the A/C. I packed a table top fan just in case. This worked out great! Our room was comfortable. Would I keep it colder if I could? Yes, but we were fine.The resort itself is beautiful and well kept. The pool is very nice and the beach is beautiful. Both are a short walk. It sure would be nice to have more restrooms around. One near the beach would be nice. Yes, they play the chair game, but we could always find them. We even saw a Riu employee saving about 10 loungers front row along the pool every morning we were there. When someone tried to sit there, they were asked and helped (by bringing another lounge chair), to another spot. He must have received a large tip ... we watched those chairs stay empty for several hours. Not sure who they were for. When it comes to service, high marks for the maid, bar and wait staff. These folks work very hard and they really appreciated the tips. They deserve them. Laying around the pool or on the beach they came around to take drink orders-very nice.I would say that some food is good...my daughter and I could always find something at the buffet. The pasta station was a favorite. For breakfast we love taking advantage of the omelet station. No real eggs are used here- just the mix, so they were okay. My husband didn't have much luck finding something he liked. We did try the steakhouse and really enjoyed sharing the mixed grill. The roasted chicken was really delicious.What a great spot the Caribe Grill is. We had lunch there one day, and all I can say is, who cares how the food tastes when you have a view like that? If what I heard on the bus ride home is true, this lovely place is no longer there due to a fire. Thank goodness no one was hurt.By now you are probably wondering why the low marks? This is strictly directed at MGMT. We arrived on a Saturday evening, and by Monday evening we had no running water in our room. We couldn't take showers, use the toilet, wash our hands, etc... My husband called the front desk and was told it was not just our room, but the entire resort was having a problem. Monday morning still no running water. We headed to the lobby right away to speak with our Apple Representative Julie. She was already working the phones, aware of the problem. She was starting a list of Apple guests, room numbers, and the problems they were having. After recording our problems, Julie said MGMT was working to fix the lack of water situation, with the hopes of having it taken care of by noon. We were told to check in with her then if things hadn't changed in our room. By the time we left her, a line of about 10 people were forming to speak with her...No change by lunch time so back to see Julie. Several folks were already in line. Julie was on her cell phone, running back and forth to speak with the Assistant Mgr at the front desk, and then relay as best she could to the guests. We kept wondering why she was left to handle all of us on her own? Why weren't we hearing from the Front Desk MGMT? They were across the lobby watching this whole mess of (unhappy)guests waiting in line to speak with Julie for almost 2 hours. Guests in line were calling their travel agents for help and advice. Some had already spoken to the assist. mgr. with no solutions offered them. It was obvious, the hotel mgmt was not going to take action on their own. One couple gave up on being moved, and were about to pay another booking fee just to be moved somewhere. I contacted our travel agent for help also. All she could do was contact Apple Vacations on our behalf to report the situation. Her advice was to demand to speak to the GM. I asked for the GM at the front desk and the assistant mgr came over, along with a gentleman from reception. I was told the GM was busy working on a problem and wasn't available. I asked to be moved to the Riu Palace, and was told there was no availability. Another disgruntled apple guest happened to be at the front desk a couple hours later, and witnessed new arrivals being immediately transferred to the palace upon check-in.They asked me to be patient and wait until 5:30 to see if they could fix the problem. My reply was that we had been patient. I felt bad for their problems, but having no running water was unacceptable. I asked that they contact the GM so I could speak with him directly. They kept repeating that he would tell me the same thing. The back and forth went on for some time.We just wanted a shower to use, and a toilet...Off they went to the back room. I waited for about 10 minutes,and they came out to tell me they would be moving us to the Iberostar Bavaro. By now it was almost 2:00...Why not be proactive and avoid this entire mess? We packed, check-out and called for a taxi.No, they did not offer to transport us to the Iberostar.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>Sandinmyshoesforever
<Content>Great hotel, but don't chance if you have mold allergies or asthma Just back from a fun filled week in the DR. This was our first trip to Punta Cana and while I must say we really enjoyed our vacation but encountered a big problem with the mold in the hotel and in our rooms. The hotel is beautiful, and well maintained. Overall, the staff does a good job at seeing that you are enjoying a great vacation - calling each day to see if you are happy, this is a nice touch but not at 8:30 in the morning on a day you want to sleep in. The lobby staff speaks adequate english, the rest of the staff speaks little if any english. Thank God my daughters can speak Spanish and I had taken a course for my job. There are are handful of staff that goes above and beyone and a handful that are darn right rude - but you would get that anywhere. My sister and I used trip advisor to select the hotel and we were aware there was a musky odor to be expected and I took precautions for my daughter and myself by bringing medicince and inhalers for the two of us. This was really not enough, we spent less time in our rooms than we would have liked too due to the mold issue. The Japanese restaurant, and theatre behind the lobby bar were simply off limits to us as well as a few other areas in the hotel. My sister who never really had a problem before developed one and we have to make the medicine divide three ways to keep everyone safe. Take a mask to sleep in if you are sensitive to mold or better yet select another hotel. Medical care is slim to none as we spoke with other guests during our stay - many had developed respitory problems. I felt sorry for quite a few people. Take with you anything you may need as they are VERY expensive in the hotel and there is simply no where else to buy them. Overpack over the counter meds, and do take bugspray!Other than that we did have a good time. The food was good, actually above average for an all-inclusive. There is not as much to do activity wise for teenagers but the beach is great and in close proximity to the rooms. They had a good time! No one really has a sea view but can see it through the palms. The grounds are pristine as is the majority of this hotel. Take a few excursions, the Outback Safari (while extremely hot) was a great cultural experience for the kids and myself. The DR is rather undeveloped and extremely poor. I took some crayons and other school supplies to give to the children we encountered and they were genuinely happy to get them. I also left a good amount for our maid in addition to the tip and she cried in happiness at the gift - I think it meant more than the money. These items are in short supply and costly in this country and are a luxury. Take a towel as you stop at the most gorgeous beach on the way home - you will suddenly forget how hot you were all day. The stringray trip was great too! You can swim with them and it was pretty cool! The kids enjoyed the ATV tour they took into the countryside as well. Overall, this was a good vacation and the six of us 4 adults and two teenage daughters enoyed ourselves but will probably not return to Punta Cana. There simply is not enough to do on this rather undeveloped country. The beach is nicer than Jamaica or most of the other islands that we have been too, but there is so much more to do at the hotels and it is not safe to venture off and even if you did there is no where to venture to. Topless bathing is a norm here that I did not anticipate but it really is okay and my kids accecpted the difference in the European norm. Americans are definately a minority here, but you are in good company with the Brits and Canadians. The others cultures there were amazing and this was a great cultural awareness trip for my kids and they enoyed the experience immensly. Have a great vacation and do pack a larger plastic glass for yourself as the cups they give you are about 6 oz. and you need more liquid than this as the wait can be a bit long at times. We took this advice from another posting to trip advisor. Have a great vacation - but do take care if sensitive to mold!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>TrueTourist
<Content>Not all that it is cracked up to be We have just come back from two weeks at the Riu Palace Macao, Punta Cana. Check in was good and the reception staff were great. Room was ok,large enough but smelt foisty.The pool was cleaned every morning but still appeared dirty. The beaches were beautiful and if you get a sunbed under the palm trees, with the breeze off the sea, it feels like paradise. The meals were average, the Caribe restaurant seemed a fantastic way to watch the sunset and enjoy but the food was not good at all, so try and stick to the buffet, then go and watch the sunset on the beach. The staff at the hotel were superb and always seemed to want to please. The entertainment was poor and I took a fourteen year old girl and there was nothing for her to do, so not good for that age group. The main thing that concerned me was, I got a upset stomach after a few days, and I have never have any problems, and when we got talking to other people they had too. In the end we put it down to the lack of hygiene with the glasses at the bars, as we all didn't think it was the food. All in all, the holiday was ok, and definately the best out of the Rui chain along that beach, but how they get a five star rating then I will never know?  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>themooresWigan
<Content>Hotel Very Good But Beware       The pool area  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>folklore38
<Content>Great vacation, stellar service Stayed at the RIU palace Macao from July 31st until Aug. 6th. I read all the reviews about this hotel and was a little apprehensive when I first got there. If you prefer a friendly and relaxed atmosphere, this is the place to go. I traveled with my mother and my seven year old nephew. We all felt at home at the RIU. The staff was very friendly and the rooms were large and clean. The food was excellent and the themed nights were the best. Beach was clean, and there was always a lounge chair available.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FALCON2006
<Content>Good overall This time we decided to add Dominican Republic to our travel map and indeed Riu was one of those we considered. This place is a big resort united with 4 other Riu properties. If you stay at Macao you can enjoy almost all of what the other four offer as well, while if you don't stay in Macao you can not visit this Palace. Let me start with the fact that the service of staff was close to perfection with no tips' hints whatsoever. I can not believe it's even possible to train people to do their job so well and punctual. Food was extremely well done and main buffet is a place to go. Bars and drinks were well done as well and of the highest quality possible. I think the guy posted a previous review stayed at the other Riu Palace there(there are two Palaces in a complex) and by mistake posted his review for Macao. I know that just because one day I decided to go for Martini's night(they have a special booklet for Martini's cocktails only). Guess what, it didn't take me long to take a break for that night, because I felt like this exercise can not be completed in one night after four of those. And to be honest I'm good at drinking, OK? So, the other guy was NOT at Macao for sure. Beach is beautiful and sand is nice, but not better then lets say in Varadero. Some weeds, but not much really. Absolutely fantastic layout with palm trees shielding you from the sun, great idea! Downside- the property is a bit old and NOT a real Palace nowadays, perhaps it stuck in between high end Riu and Palaces, but good enough to visit. Just don't fool yourself thinking- that's Riu Palace! It was for sure, but time has gone. It's still well above 4 stars in all aspects. Real problem for normal folks- air conditioner, it's like on saving mode all the time, not good enough for me. Pool is great,never crowded. Absence of pool-up bar- well I don't like swimming in mud film and to me it was a plus. Besides before you think you want something they are all over you asking what do you want to drink, so I was trying to be creative asking for different stuff and was always happy. Resort is sparkling clean by the way, if it matters, as well as beach, water and so on. Fantastic people from England, Canada and USA- I just had a blast with them in a bar, as well as all other members of my family. Surprise this place is good for all ages, we had 39, 35, 15 and 3 years old and all of us had lots of fun on our own. Huge number of sunbeds, so Germans could use all their towels' war tactic and still no problems. I think they were puzzled a bit. Some problems with language barrier, I don't speak Spanish and I'm really curious if they think it's that common language in developed countries. I don't think so. Anyway, I didn't care too much.Overall- if you are thinking to go to Riu there - go for this Palace if you can afford it, Bamboo is noisy and crowded. Besides you can go there from Macao- they can not! Others are lower quality. Now, HERE IS A WARNING SHOT!!! Be careful in casino. It's located within Riu property, almost in Macao, but it's not under their management. The crooks out there are setting people for a strange game offering free chips at the entrance. The game consists of numbers' map and a set of small balls to be thrown in a basket with holes correspondent to different numbers as well. The idea of the game is to get 100 special points without quitting, because if you do- you lose. It's a game located to the left of poker table. DO NOT play this game at all cost. Several people from different countries were pulled into this game and before they realized they had their credit card maximized. I caught them taking one ball out of the game and it was a scandal. Please be very aware of this particular tricky game and you will be fine. If you like playing roulette bear in mind they like changing balls to the ones with different weight, if they feel you are doing well. So, be careful in this casino. I still beat them, but I was a manager in a casino long time ago, so I know where to look. Most of their tricks are banned in North America and Europe. Who cares in Dominican Republic?Another warning for their disco called Pacha. Also, it's within Riu complex, but set as sort of independent and locals are allowed there(as well as in casino). Now, lets just say there are escort girls out there in numbers as well as their machos. Warn your kids if they go to stay out of trouble. Overall not to bad at all, will we come again? If we decide to go to Dominican Republic we will not hesitate to book Macao again, but we really want them to work out air conditioning problem.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jenny095
<Content>Best Hotel Ever My family and I have just returned for the Riu Palace Macao (July 26th-August 2nd) and don't have any more great things to say.Everything about this hotel is perfect.This was are second time going to this hotel, and we couldn't of asked to a better vacation.The food:The food is amazing. They have a verity of foods and they will also have themes during the nights. One night we had Mexican night and it was great. The have four resteraunts and all of them are very good. The breakfast also had alot of different foods. There is no complaintents for the food at this hotel. The Beach:The beach in Punta Cana is beautiful. The is always good weather are alot of chairs to sit on. The ocean was absolutely beautiful and very clear. The walk from the beach to the hotel wasn't long at all which was a very good thing.The Rooms:The rooms are very nice. There is two queen size beds or one king size bed. The beds are a little hard but you will get used to them. There is not alot of television channels(all in Spanish) but it really doesn't matter because you are hardly in the room. The Shows:The first time we went to the Palace Macao the shows were alot funnier. They are still there, we just went on the wrong week.Although the dancing shows are very entertaining. The shows begin at 10:00 and Winners time begins at 9:45.Daily Activities:You will always be active at the Riu. During the day they will do aerobics in the pool/beach. At 4:00 everyday there will be games in the pool. Somedays there is the kitchen tour and it is amazing what you will see in there.Also everyday one of the animation members will teach the Marangay. At night there will either be Bingo or Live Music around 8:30.Service: The service here is unbelievable. They will serve you drinks at the beach or in the pool. The servers are very entertaining and you can tell they love their job! When you order room service it will take them less then 15 minutes to get it.The Animation:The animation team makes your trip a whole lot better,Thank you to Super John,Johnny Bravo,Big Papi,Angie,Junior and Eze who made this vacation the best ever. My family and I will miss them dearly.Over all the whole vacation was great and we will definitely be returning in two years or show. Please go to the Riu Palace Macao to get an unforgettable vacation.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ctm-s
<Content>RIU Palace, Punta Cana, DR, Terrible/worst vacation ever Well, I would not be going to the DR anytime soon. From start to finish, the trip was not good. When we got to the airport (2 couples), they charged us $10 per person to enter the country. Then when we got on our bus to take us to our hotel, the driver got lost. The hotel actually looks great. You do feel like you are in a palace but thatéˆ¥æªš where it ends. Both of our rooms were smelly. The sheets were moist and smelled like gross body odor. The food was well below par. The best meal was breakfast, but eggs and fresh fruit are hard to mess up. They did not like you sit where you wanted in the dining area because it seemed as thought they would have to work extra hard to clean up after you if you werenéˆ¥æª› close by. A few people wanted to take some fruit to the beach and they gave them a hard time. We wanted to sit by the window in the back and because not much people were there, they said no. The drinks are COMPLETELY watered down. There is no way, even for your typical alcoholic, to have 6 martinis in one nite and still be standing. I think it was flavored alcohol but I have no proof of that. The rice was hard. Almost all of the meats served were over cooked. You have to make reservations only from 8:30am to 12 noon. So much for sleeping in on ur vacation. The restaurants all wanted us out of there before we were finished eating because the staff wanted to be done with work when they wanted to be done with work. This was at 9pm and 10pm, respectively. On out last nite, the waiter accidentally broke a wine glass on our table and if we did not insist on another table due to splinters being everywhere (in our food, drinks), they would not have given us another table. Needless to say, we just did not enjoy ourselves at the RIU-Palace in Punta Cana, DR and on our excursion, we spoke to other folks staying at other hotels in the area and they were not impressed either with their accommodations.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pamzanski
<Content>Like Heaven on Earth...       The Caribe Grill...ate lunch daily here at the second table from the end...what a view  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Persophonepb
<Content>amazing vacation I stayed at the Riu Palace Macao on July 6-13, 2008. I am a single, 35 year old female. I traveled alone because I wanted a truly relaxing vacation...and that is exactly what I had. I felt like a princess the entire time I was there.Airport: Quick, clean and easy. We landed at 10:00 am. The Apple tour guide was right there ---the bus trip was air-conditioned and fast. I was at the resort at 10:30am.Reception: I was handed a lovely drink upon arrival at the front desk. Widney was fast and friendly. I was in my beautiful room at 10:40amRooms: Very clean. Very roomy. No smell like I had read in other reviews. I was on the second floor facing the pool/ocean. The bed was very comfortable. The A/C worked, the fan was great. The refrigerator was fully stocked with beer, pop, tonic water and fresh clean water daily. The rooms were cleaned twice a day. Also, there was evening turn down service for the bed with candies.Food: The buffets were amazing. I never tried the A La Carte restaurants because I heard other guests say they were not that great. The have a Europeon flair to the style of the food--breakfast was amazing, eggs any style, made-to-order omelettes, french toast, pancakes, tons of fresh gourmet cheeses and meats, yogurts, fresh fruits. I had lunch by the pool everyday--that buffet was also amazing. Everything from pizza to pork, chicken, salads, nachos, fruit, desserts. Dinner was the greatest. The service was amazing. Food ranged from caviar, shrimp, pork, beef, chicken, pasta, salads, breads, pizza, etc.Service: I was truly pampered by the amazing staff at the Macao. All employees always had smiles on their faces and always greeted you happily.Casino: Very small, very old broken machines, but I won!!!I plan on returning again in March 2009. I layed out, I drank all day, I swam at the ocean and at the pool, I read many great books, and truly had an amazing, relaxing great time.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SENSHOCKEYOTTAWA
<Content>Gotta Luv Riu We just got back from the best holiday ever at the RIU Palace Maco. We went the week of July 13-20th. We have been to the RIU Taino, 5 years ago, and loved the atmosphere, the people and of course the beach  water and wanted to try another RIU. This was our 4th trip to DR and would love to consider this our second home.Reception - very efficient and helpful. We are Canadian but didn't find any language barrier. Not sure why other reviews complained about the language, we always were able to communicate.Staff - everyone from front reception to maids to gardeners and to waiters and staff in restaurants are the friendliest people I have met. Not once did we have a person who didn't seem to want to be there, always smiling, always willing to help.Restaurants - We basically ate at the buffet every night - I am a picky eater so boy was I happy to see normal food. They even had turkey 3x the week we were there. There was always a wide variety to choose from.Room - We have a large room overlooking the back of the Caribbean Street. I would have liked to have one facing the pool but it didn't matter that much. Rooms were always clean, they must have changed the bathroom towels at least twice a day. And now for the best:The beach area and water is amazing. It was blue, just a bit of seaweed in the water near shore, but it is the ocean so what do you expect. Plenty of chairs and plenty of shade if you so wished. Waves were just enough to make it enjoyable. They have a beach bar plus a waiter who will take your order on the beach so you don't have to get up. We stayed at the Majestic Colonial in January of this year and you can't compare the beach there to the beach at the RIU, the RIU has absolutely no rocks in water.Would we go back to the RIU chain - YES! In fact we signed up for the RIU Class card which entitles you to gather points everytime you stay at a RIU. Would we go back to the RIU Palace Macao - YES. Would we try a RIU in a different country - YES. We feel the RIU chain has trained their staff to a high quality of service and they seem to be able to pick sites for resorts that are very nice.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TanyaKitchener
<Content>The Perfect Destination Wedding Location!       Wedding Reception Set-Up at the Caribe Grill  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>leenieoxford
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed for 2 weeks in the Macao in June and it wasgreat. The staff were so freindly and happy.The I love my job is something we have brought home from the staff! The room service which is 24 hours is amazing. We came back from a trip to Sona island and didnt fancy getting changed for dinner and ordered sandwiches and salad. The plateful we got included chips and it was great - we also had champers-. There is no need to save sun bed either at the pool or on the beach as there are plenty. The mini fridge is restocked with beer water soft drinks but if you run out it is no problem to get more from the bar. One tip keep your empty water bottle from the plane as the water in the room is in gallon container and only small plastic cups from the beach bar but it is no problem getting the bottle filled up at the bars. The food is great and so may differant choices. We tried the Steak House and the steak was perfect. We have been to many countries but this is the 1st hotel we would return to.Loved it!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Caribbean2
<Content>Hot Rooms Making this our 4th trip to this hotel we invited some friends to go with us. We assured them this was a great hotel. Well things can change in one year, the resort as slipped downward. To start there was no air condition in any of the rooms. It seemed to us there was less staff. On a good note the staff that was there was great. It also looked as if the hotel needed some maintenance.Time for us to try a different resort.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jpocccoc
<Content>Beautiful resort but... This resort has received many recent reviews so I don't want to repeat what has been already stated- Everything positive that is written about the hotel common areas, beach and service is totally accurate. As you walk around the resort, you truly feel like you are their most important guest in paradise. The staff goes above and beyond, remembering small details about your preferences. With that said, you should know:Getting there- We booked through Spirit Air Vacations and had no problems. Transfers to and from the hotel with VIP were friendly and on-time. Rooms- Pretty to look at but with hard beds and poor bedding. As stated in other reviews, the resort has constant problems with AC. Our first room on the 3rd floor was sweltering. We asked to move after one night and ended up on the ground floor. Much better! After speaking to other guests, it appears that the lower floors are generally cooler. Activities / entertainment - If you're an active person, there's a lot to do on the resort during the day. Most activities are arranged through the Scuba shop. Go early in the morning to arrange what you'd like to do. We tried windsurfing, sailing on a catamaran, and snorkeling, which are all free. If you want to take the banana boats, you negotiate a price directly with the operators. The resort also has water aerobics and games throughout the day. If you prefer to relax, there are plenty of chairs, and excellent wait service around the pool, under the palms, and on the beach. Evening entertainment was decent too. The casino was small, but fun, as was the club. Both don't get going until around midnight. We didn't attend any of the shows.Riu properties- As a guest of the Palace Macao, you'll have a wristband that allows you to enjoy the other 4 Riu properties, with the exception of the other Palace. We enjoyed visiting adjacent properties, two of which had swim-up bars. Those hotels appeared to have a more party atmosphere. Still, it was nice to return to the elegance of the Macao.Beach - Beautiful clear water and soft sand. Great for swimming. Reefs just offshore with a variety of marine life. While snorkeling was saw rays, barracuda, flounder, and numerous colorful reef fish. Bring a mug or tumbler with a lid so that you can keep your drinks cool and sand-free while at the beach. The waiters are happy to refill them for you. Food- Not for me. I hesitate to be too critical, since everyone else in my party was able to find at least a few things to enjoy each meal, but it just didn't suit my palate. Most items were in heavy sauces or dressings. I was surprised at the lack of fresh vegetables and fish choices. The a la carte restaurants, with the exception of the Japanese restaurant, were a disappointment. I thought that by going with the a la carte, the food would be cooked-to-order. However, most items appeared and tasted like they had been sitting for quite some time. The Japanese restaurant was pretty good. Drinks- Unlimited, including a regularly re-stocked minibar in your room. Pepsi products. Mixed drinks - most drinks are fruity and very sweet. Wine selection was not good. Presidente beer is tasty, but not stocked in your room.Liquor is generally bottom-shelf but you can get better brands if you request it. You must pay for drinks in the night club, but they're not expensive. Misc- We tipped throughout our stay, mainly because the service was so wonderful. Also, most of the staff speak very limited, if any English, so brush up on your Spanish. Even learning a few phrases with help you communicate and get to know your hosts better. One last thing-I strongly suggest you read the forums at this site to get more helpful tips. I don't think our vacation would have gone as well without the valuable info we got from the forums.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DebbieOttawaCanada
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Hi . We recently returned from a stay at this fantastic property. We stayed there from June 13, 2008 until June 20, 2008. We also stayed there on Jan. 27th for one week. Needless to say, we returned to this resort because it is absolutely fabulous. We loved the size. It is much smaller than the Riu Palace, making it much more easier to socialize with other guests. It also was easy to get around, and we never had trouble finding anything. The rooms are beautifully furnished, with marble everywhere. We had rooms overlooking the pool, which was nice late in the day, when after showering you could still look out at the activity on the resort. Some rooms also afforded a look past the pool, through the trees, to the ocean. There was a mini-bar that was stocked every day. As well, there were liquor dispensers in the room, which we personally never touched. The rooms were always spotless. The Buffet Restaurant was incredible. I agree with everyone else that the buffet was far superior to the a la cartes. We had superb variety, and they served everything from caviar and champagne, to lasagna. There was something for everyone. We also liked the fact that we were shown to the same table every night. This enabled us to establish a good rapport with our servers. They anticipated our every needs...special kudso to Elias and Villy. The Bars were just as outstanding. They did not skimp on the alcohol at all. We especially liked the 24 hour bar which served martinins and always had live entertainment at night. As mentioned in previous reviews, there was no swim-up bar. We actually liked this, because it meant that people were not sitting in one spot and not moving the whole day. It offered lots of shade around it, and the bar service was very quick. We loved the mermaid statues that were everywhere. We also enjoyed the massage hut that operates in between the pool and the beach. The ladies that give the massages know what they are doing...they get out all of your kinks and you leave feeling totally relaxed. The beach is the best part of the resort, of course. The resort is blessed with lots of natural shade. Riu did not remove a lot of the palm trees, as other resorts have done. There there is a lot of shade to be had...very important when you are going in the summer! For those who wanted to be sun-worshippers, there was plenty of wide-open expanse to sunbathe as well. We have been to many resorts all over Mexico, Venezuela, and the Dominican Republic. The beach at Punta Cana is in my opinion, one of the best in the world. One can walk for miles. The sand is white, powder-soft, and never hot. The ocean is usually clear, due to the reefs just off of the shore. The waves for the most part are very gentle. I have done most of the excursions in Punta Cana, but the land excursion that I would recommend the most is the Monster Truck Safari. You get a full day of Dominican life experienced in a fun, safe way. You will visit a voodoo doctor, go swimming in the Altos de Chavon River, visit a school, see sugar can plantations, etc. I cannot say enough about this resort. Be careful when booking it. Make sure to request the Monster Truck Safari by name, as there are similar excursion out there that do the same thing, but do not give the same value for money. The water excursion that I would recommend highly, if you don't mind doing something that is booze-free, is the Coral Reef Explorer. It is owned by the same company that does the Marinarium exucursion, but instead of getting just 45 minutes of snorkelling, you get about 3 hours, along with getting personal encounters with de-stinged stingrays, and swimming with sandsharks. It is one of the best snorkelling excursions I have had. The reefs are beautiful, and the whole things is very relaxing. You can take out water kayaks, and even get a massage for free! On the whole, I abosutely love Punta Cana, and plan to return again this winter!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nickc29
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Lovely location My Boyfriend and I went to the Riu Palace Macao on 19th May for a 2 week stay. We travelled with Thomson. We went to the North of the Dominican 2 years ago and stayed at the Riu Merengue so we knew what great service we would receive again staying with Riu. The outbound flight was without doubt more comfortable since Thomson extended the legroom to 33. The only disappointing part of the flight would have to be the meals. The Aldo Zilli food is not great but is better than nothing.When you arrive at Punta Cana airport some ladies dressed in Dominican costumes will get everyone to have their pictures taken with them. They will be available to buy in the departure lounge when you leave. I think they cost around $10. When you get your luggage and head for the coaches there are lots of men hanging around wanting to carry your cases for you. They will keep asking you for your cases but if you say no politely they will leave you alone. The coach takes about 40 minutes to the hotel. When we arrived at the hotel we were taken into the lounge and given a cocktail, told a bit about the hotel and given our room information. One of the bellboys brought our cases up to the room. They really appreciate a little tip.The rooms are very spacious with two queen size beds, satellite tv, air conditioning, iron and board and a safe. There are full size optics in the room as they have in all Riu hotels. There is also a mini fridge with pepsi, 7 up, orange, soda, tonic and beers and water. The fridge is filled up every day and the optics every two. On your first night you have to go the restaraunt and tell them which dinner sitting you want to go to. Our choice were 6.30 and 8.30. There are speciality restaraunts to choose from. You have to book these in the morning. We stayed in the buffet restaraunt and we really enjoyed the food. There is plenty of choice and I can recommend the chocolate cakes! You have your own waiter at dinner. Our waiter was called Villi. He was really good and very friendly. They all work so hard - most from breakfast at 7am to after dinner at 10.30. The entertainment is mainly dancing and shows were the audience participate. You get waiter service day and night.The pool area was lovely. You may need to reserve sunbeds before breakfast if you like a certain spot. We found we had to as many people had reserved their spots before 8am! We mainly stayed by the pool during the day and went to the beach later in the afternoon. The beach is wonderful! Lovely white sands and clear water. It is paradise! Be careful in the sea, the waves can get quite strong and can push you over quite easily.The hotel is a lovely place to stay. We really enjoyed our stay. The staff are very friendly and always check if you are ok and if you need a drink!The people who were there when we stayed were from all over the world. America, Canada, Spain, Germany and the UK.This is the ideal hotel for anyone who wants a relaxing break away from it all. Just lie in the sun and enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Santcn06
<Content>Excellent vacation at the RIU Macao! My boyfriend and I (early 20s) just returned from a 5-night vacation at the RIU Macao and had a fabulous time! This was my second trip to Punta Cana (previously staying at the Iberostar Punta Cana).We had booked through Apple Vacations, which included a transfer from airport to hotel (word of warning - once you collect your baggage and head off to your buses, there will be many guys trying to grab your bags to carry 20 feet to your booking agency stand to get a tip - you don't need to give your bags to them, you can carry them the 20 feet yourself). Travel to the hotel was a bit bumpy and fast, but nothing worse than being in a NYC taxicab...Arrived at the RIU Macao around 2:30 pm. Check-in was quick and easy and our room was ready for us. Also got a welcome drink..All front desk staff were all smiles and very friendly, and spoke enough English to get your questions adequately answered.Room was nice, bedspread and shower showed some age, but everything was very clean. Maid service was great, room was always clean and stocked with fresh bath towels and new towel art everyday. Mini-fridge was also always stocked.The entire staff was extremely friendly and nice. We did not pass anyone without getting an 'hola', and all the staff members we encountered really seemed to want to do everything possible to make your vacation experience great. The food was good. The Japanese ala carte restaurant was, in my opinion, outstanding (our favorite - we went twice), and the breakfast buffet was also very good. Lunch was decent, we tried the caribe grill and the buffet by the pool (stuck mainly with the buffet by the pool because of the outstanding pizza!) - the food was a bit heavy and greasy to me (all the buffets), but I was fine with it - my boyfriend loved it all. We ate dinner at the buffet (El Patio) the first night we arrived and were extremely impressed with the atmosphere and service - very pleasing to the eye. Men do have to wear long pants here. Aside from Japanese, we also tried the Caribe Grill and the Mediterranean restaurant for dinner - these were ok. Caribe grill was nice because it was on the beach, therefore you get a nice breeze, and the food was decent. Didn't really care for Mediterranean - my chicken dinner was overly burnt and I wouldn't recommend the lobster bisque soup, but again, this didn't really bother us (we just decided not to go again). The service at every meal, buffet or ala carte, was outstanding. My drink would never even reach half empty - someone was always coming around to refill water, wine, or soda. Some waiters didn't understand much english, but truly worked hard to make your meal enjoyable, and were always available if you needed anything. Reservations for the ala carte restaurants (4 of them) are made in the morning (between 8 and 10:30 am) in the breakfast buffet - 2 separate seating times, usually 6:30 and 8:30 or 9 pm. We usually made reservations around 9:30 or 10 am and only once had a problem (Caribe grill was all booked for the later seating, but we were able to get a table for the earlier seating).The drinks were outstanding and had a great selection and variety - from various martinis, to frozen drinks, to mixed drinks - all were very good and they definitely don't skimp on the alcohol, but if you want some more, just ask! The entertainment staff works extremely hard, and I thought they were great - we saw 3 shows (10 pm) which I very much enjoyed. They also did a great job of entertaining at the pool.We spent most of our time at the beach, and never had a problem finding beach chairs or space. Went to the pool once, in the middle of the day, and easily found two seats (although I would advise to get chairs early if you plan on staying at the pool all day). Although you don't have to, we did tip..no one is ever pushy or makes you feel like you must tip, but we did because of the great service we were getting (and because of the meager wages and long hours these people put in). A few dollars goes a long way, and they are always very grateful...There were a couple minor issues, but nothing that seriously bothered us. The entire resort was apparently having trouble with the AC in the rooms, but our room luckily wasn't so bad - not as cold as it should have been, but definitely tolerable (ceiling fans helped) as we really only were in the room to sleep (and by night time it was cold enough to sleep with a sheet or more). The first night we arrived we called the front desk about the AC not being up to par, and within 5 minutes a friendly maintenance man was up to look at it (whatever he did, it did cool the room off). Same thing the second night, and after that the room seemed cooler for the remainder of our trip. Again, this wasn't too serious for us as we didn't spend much time in the room and it wasn't that hot to begin with. Other than the AC, the electric outlets are a bit different in the rooms - they fit American plugs, but if the plug has a fat base it won't fit. Some of my plugs fit, my hairdryer plug didn't, but I used the hairdryer in the room, which worked fine. I did go down to the front desk when my camera charger plug didn't fit to see about borrowing a power strip or something - the front desk knew what I was talking about but said that he didn't have one available - instead I left my charger with them to charge, which was fine. Overall, we loved the RIU Macao, it is a great resort with great people and we would definitely return!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TripTaler
<Content>Small things could spoil the trip! I stayed a the Riu Palace in Punta Cana, Dom Rep from June 20-24th, 2008. Do not be alarmed by the drive to a beautiful resort. The local scenery was very dirty and unattractive. However, the resort itself was very beautiful. My first impression of the room was clean but smelled like mildew because of the humid climate. Everything in the room was wet making a good nights rest uncomfortable. There was plenty to drink with alcohol in the rooms and a refrigerator to store additional items. The buffet was displayed very nicely but the flies sampled everything ruining the appearance. The staff was friendly at the resort until it was time to shop. They were very aggressive while tempting to sell overpriced and outdated merchandise making the shopping very uncomfortable and tiresome. Do not rely on off resort shopping. The experience was unfriendly and rude almost to the point where I felt as if they would physically harm me if I did not make a purchase. There was inconsistent pricing from guest to guest and the hospitality short-lived if you gave a sense of browsing. There were times when I was not given my change back and the taxi driver tried to charge my friend and I $20 for a ride to the next resort. With this, I would not advise leaving the resort without a male escort. There was plenty to do and much fun as you make it. I loved the pool area, the outdoor bar and the view. You may get hungry throughout the night because the 24 hour food in the Sports Bar was old and unsanitary. I would recommend the stay for the price but would probably reconsider because of some of the negative hospitality.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	2	4	

<Author>travelnut68
<Content>Absolutely Phenomenal Vacation!!!!!!!!!       View of the Caribbean on the Shark/Manta Tour  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cardinal
<Content>To each their own. My wife and I returned on June 16, from eight nights at the Riu Macao, with no good memories. We encountered a few problems from the very start. The first room they gave us was really messed up-with various broken things throughout the room. We were able to change our room within the hour, but the second one had problems also. Through the entire stay we were never able to get the A/C to work properly. There were other problems with the room, but we decided to stay after a long,long trip just to arrive at the Macao. To make this review short, let's just say that the hotel was at best a 2-3 star at best. Even though we were allowed to use three other Riu properties, it just seemed like there was nothing to do. We have been to the Dominican Republic two other times before and this always seems to be the case. We booked though U.S. Airways Vacations and did not have any problems with our flights. Our problems started and ended at the airport. The transfer people we had to use were terrible! The Turinter people were slow, lost, and unreliable. If you can, do not use these people. It took them almost two hours to get us to the hotel, even though there was only two other couples with us. On the return, they were early as usual, even though our flight did not leave until 4:30 PM. All the so-called representative did, was lie to us and try to sell any kind of excursion. Also the airport was a zoo, because no one behind the counter knew wht they were doing. So in conclusion, the hotel was okay and after speaking to the Assistant General Manager-who was a wonderful woman named Magnolia-a lot of problems with our room were fixed. We have not givin up on Riu properties, but we are looking for another island to go to next year. One inportant thing: men have to wear long pants any evening at the buffet, not the a lacarte restaurants, where we have stayed before.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	2	3	2	

<Author>caribtravelers
<Content>Sunnyside Up!       Pool Side View  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>madmol
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed here from 36th May - 9th June. The hotel was faultless . We couldn't have picked a better hotel I'm sure. We moved rooms after the first 2 nights as the air con wasn't working and the 2nd room was much better.The staff are lovely, happy smiley people who can't do enough for you. look out for Antonito - he seems to work all over the place at different times of the day and is a real gem!! 'Oh my god he loves his job!! 'as he was frequently fond of telling us.Champagne flows all day long and the cocktails are to die for.We didn't get very good weather the first week - lots of thunder, lightening and rain but it changed on the Thurs of our second week and was red hot till we left on the Mon afternoon.We joined in some of the activities during the day but no one got pressured into doing anything.We looked round all the other hotels on the resort but still think we had got the better option and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.We went on the Monster truck trip which was really good but we had really stormy weather and I could think of a lot better place to be than in an open topped truck in the mountains! It was certainly an eye opener and if you are going please take things for the people in Haiti - clothes, shoes, toiletries , food - they are grateful for anything at all . This is your last stop when you go to the Witch doctors.The night entertainment was ok although we didn't see alot of it as we made friends with other people and made our own entertainment.We used the a la carte 'restaurants a few times and they were really good , especially 'The Caribe' as you got a lovely breeze through as it was on the beach.the food in the main buffet was brilliant and there was everything you could possibly imagine at every meal time. The staff were very attentive at all times and kept topping your glass up when you weren't looking,All in all a good time was had by all!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CaribbeanCurt
<Content>Beach and food: GREAT Hotel: GOOD Room: VERY BAD This was my third stay at a RIU resort, so I am a RIU fan; however, this was my first negative experience. Let me start with the positives: Overall the resort was nice. The food was good and plentiful, the beach and grounds were beautiful and well-kept. The staff were friendly and helpful. Caribbean Street and the option to go to the other resorts added some variety that was nice. It was a little difficult to get reservations at the specialty restaurants, but The Carib Grille on the beach was worth it.Now for the negative part: The rooms (and I do mean rooms - we changed rooms twice and viewed half a dozen others) were not comfortable. The main problem was the A/C - it wasn't working for most of the week. Our first room was easily 85 degrees plus and the ceiling fan didn't work, so there wasn't even moving air. It was miserable. We contacted the front desk and they were helpful and friendly and showed us several other rooms. Most were no better, but we finally found a room that had a working ceiling fan so that brought some relief and cooled the room to about 80 degrees. In many of the rooms we viewed, there were refrigerators that weren't working, broken telephones, celing fans that barely worked, etc. I did notice that the moldy smell that many reviewers have mentioned was worse in some rooms than others, but it wasn't too bad in our last room. There were small annoyances: the remote control didn't work, the TV in our room only received a few channels (and only one English channel), but we were not on vacation to watch TV anyway. The showers are very narrow, so the shower curtain rubs against you when you are in the shower. Prior to our trip, I read another review that mentioned the shower curtain and I thought how petty, but it really is annoying and gross. We just left the shower curtain open and put a towel on the floor to sop up all of the water and it was not an issue anymore.Regarding the A/C, the staff said that they were having problems in the entire resort (meaning the Palace Macao and the other RIU hotels as well) and that they were working on it. But we spoke with several other guests and while most were complaining about the A/C, some said that their A/C was working, so I am not sure what the deal was. But they were definitely having A/C issues in other parts of the resort as well. Several nights the dining room was uncomfortably warm. And the casino was UNBEARABLY hot. When you see the Domicans sweating profusely, you know it is hot!! They brought out a fan for us at the poker table and that helped.About poker in the casino: They have one table where you can play Texas Hold 'Em, so that was good. They let locals come to the casino to play, which I found odd. I guess the locals think they are coming there to fleece the tourists (and let's face it, most tourists are not very good players), but the locals aren't very good either. If you are a decent player, you can make some money at the poker table. There is one older, local guy named Eli who was there most every night and he is a pretty good player. But other than that it was pretty easy money. So before I would go back to this resort, I would confirm that they have the A/C issues resolved and get some assurance/guarantee that my room will cool to at least 70 degrees. I can deal with most issues without complaining, but let's face it: when there is no place in the resort to go to cool off, it can be pretty miserable. During the day, when you can get in the pool or the ocean to cool off, it is not a big deal. But in the afternoon and evening not being able to find an air conditioned area was a real problem for me.Overall, it was a good trip and I have no complaints about the food or service. And I can't say enough about the beach and the grounds - absolutely beautiful. The public areas of the Macao are still fairly nice and well-kept, but the rooms are really starting to show their age (a/c, furniture, beds, etc.). I would say it is time for RIU to either renovate the rooms or downgrade this hotel to a club level. It certainly isn't as nice as other RIU Palaces I have stayed at.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	1	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>LeicesterLas
<Content>I can't believe anybody could complain about this hotel! Wow what an amazing holiday! I cannot believe anybody could possibly find anything to complain about when it comes to the Palace Macao! The food was awesome, massive amount of different main meal choice every evening in the buffet and the ajoining restaurants offered 3/4 choices each. The staff where incredibly friendly and couldn't do enough for you. We reported our fridge had stopped working; on returning to our room 4 hours later it was fixed and refilled! We even had a phone call the following morning to check it was ok for us and if they could do anything else! The entertainment staff/ bar staff is what made the holiday; you could do as little or as much as you wanted, they tried to include all, but if you said no they'd just leave you alone not carry on bugging you like you get in some places. Rooms were huge and spotless, being cleaned daily then bins emptied and towels changed again at night when they came to turn the beds down! I cannot rave enough about the Palace Macao!!!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>souwesterNovaScotia
<Content>perfect vacation My husband and I stayed at this resort in early May, along with 11 other friends in our group,some of them had been at the Macao before and loved it, my husband and I had never been to the DR, but had heard great things about this resort, so it had a lot to live up to. We were not disappointed!!!We loved the fact that it was a small resort, with lots of staff to take care of you, that was exactly what we were looking for, and were never unhappy with any of the service we received. Our room was extremely clean, and comfortable, and cleaned daily. The bed was never a problem, and we didn't have any issues with a mildew smell. Our room was always cool and the balcony was one of my favourite features, I brought a book light with me and read every night out there before I went to bed, it was perfect.Our fridge was always stocked daily with everything we needed, especially lots of water. The turndown service at night was also a nice touch. The great thing about staying at this resort is that you can visit the surrounding Riu resorts, we went to a couple of the other pools and played volleyball with some people we met from the US, and had some drinks at the swimup bar at another resort. We still preferred our pool because it was spotless and never crowded. We loved the watersports at the pool as well, we never anticipated playing any of the games, but when we got there we played games every day. We never felt out of place, everyone was so friendly, staff and guests both. We were surprised to hear other comments about the food not being that great. This was a concern to us before we went because we like to eat at nicer restaurants at home and we do not like greasy food. We couldn't have been more satisfied with the quality of the food, wine, and pepsi (we love pepsi). We chose to eat at the buffet most nights. The food was excellent, we loved how they prepared their vegetables. You never felt as though you were at a buffet, absolutely perfect. We really enjoyed the wine as well. Sure wish we had some right now.As for the service, we couldn't have been more pampered! We were served drinks at the beach every half hour or so, and we only ever tipped $1 or $2 depending on the amount of drinks we ordered. We never had to wait forever for drinks like we read in other reviews.For our final thoughts, we would like to say that if you want to be treated like family members of the staff, and feel comfortable on your resort, this is a great place to go. We are Canadians and we treated the staff very respectfully, and they loved us, they even referred to us as Punta Canadians. We will go back there again, and hope to take some of our other friends along with us, we know that we will love it just as much the next time.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>cuinsept
<Content>Awful ! - Avoid at all costs Absolutely a mess! Arrived to this resort got to our boxy room and the toilet was broken and didnt flush, took 3 hours for someone to fix it, so finally fixed. The bed was barely covered with a sheet which did not fit exposing a nasty mattress which the springs are buldging out, making for restless nights- the solution was getting double sheets everyday ourselves and fitting them ourselves. When able to fall asleep, the cleaning crew plasantly starts your day early (like 6am early) by yelling in the hallways and slamming doors as loudly as they can and this is a continuous process through out the week.The television worked 3 hours out of the day and was out 2 out of the 7 days spent there. The wireless feeds - non-existant so leave the laptop at home, got online for split seconds in select spots in the lobby not worth itThe entertainment is the same thing day in and day out afternoon poolside or evening after dinner majority of which is at the expense of guests.The staff at the hotel does not care about any complaints and give blank stares when bringing anything to their attention. The are superficially pleasant when expecting a tip otherwise resentment is very evident especially toward American travelers.Drink selection very limited (only 1 type of beer), crappy wine and bottom shelf liquor. Plenty of food but are the same meals everynight in the main chow - to make reservations in other places on the resort - good luck!I should mention the ice machine fire in the hallway around 4 am so draw your own conclusions But the Beaches / Ocean and external landscape was really nice  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>chelseabeds
<Content>Fantastic Holiday       Bedroom  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkMixers
<Content>Watch out for the water sports! We went to Riu Palace Macao in April. The beaches were wonderful and absolutely beautiful with palm trees everywhere!Pool was nice and clean. Staff was great and friendly Buffet restuarant is the overall best place to eat as the other restaurants were not so good. Same food each day for the breakfast and lunches. Had an awful experience parasailing where we almost drowned! People running the water sports are non english speaking and no idea on what they are doing. I do not recommend the parasailing or banana boat rides as the people running them seemed only interested in your money and not in your safety!Other than our near death experience, (and hotel staff took no responsibilty for our incident!)Saw the other riu hotels there and macao was the best one. Shows at night were not appropriate for children so not alot to do for the children or teenagers.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>picks1
<Content>family time Originally we were booked at the Rui Bambu May 14-21 for a family vacation. I realize you are on vacation and things are not like at home but come on people. The pool was filthy . The rooms were moldy and no air conditioning. Attitude very poor. The best thing that happened was that they had no other rooms to move us to and we got to move to the Rui Macao. From the time we walked into the front lobby we could feel the difference . The attention to detail in your accommidations , checking in ,room service,cleanliness, decent air conditioning, pool area always clean, food areas always clean and well stocked. Always, Always excellent service in the dining areas. I would reccomend this hotel for people who want to take a family vacation. There is not a swim up pool bar. Food very good, good assortment during the day. The evening dining is lovely and very nicely presented for many tastes. This was our second time to Punta Cana in the last three years. This was the best hotel stay .  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BMHlfx
<Content>Can't wait to go back My wife and I spent a wonderful week at this resort from Arpil 20th - 27th. We have had the pleasure of staying at some great resorts in Mexico, Cuba and the Dominican Republic including other Riu's and this was by far our favorite. It seemed to offer the best aspects of the others in one resort, the great food of Mexico along with the spectacular beaches found in Cuba. Overall the staff were great and always very pleasant and you were given the sense that their priority was to make sure you were happy at all times.  I can honestly say we had no complaints about the rooms. They were very clean, there were no water issues in regards to pressure or availability of hot water. The air conditioning worked very well, in fact at night my wife had to add the extra blanket provided. The mini fridge was restocked daily so there was never a lack of refreshments including water. To touch on the issue of the hard beds, yes they are firm but not to the point where you are not able to sleep on them or cause injuries as some have remarked. As I mentioned the food was fantastic with lot's of selection. The main buffet was incredible and I cannot imagine what the people who complain about the food at this resort eat at home. There was always a variety of seafood, pork and chicken in addition too some featured dishes of stuffed turkey, prime rib and bacon wrapped fillet's. There was another couple who joined us on this vacation who have been on several cruises and commented that the food was at the same great level. I know I don't get to eat like this on a daily basis! You are given a choice for seating times at the buffet when you arrive however they are flexible and the staff will accommodate you if you would like to change at any point. The beach is amazing with plenty of chairs available, this was the only resort we have visited where we did not have to get up early to reserve them and you cannot beat the service you are provided there. Henry does a great job keeping the drinks coming to you but if you prefer the bar is right at the beach and there was never a wait time. We would arrive at the beach around 9:00am and there were always staff members waiting to bring down the pads for the chairs and tables as well. The resort is a perfect size. The week we were there it was sold out but it never felt crowded and you were never left waiting at any time. This along with the great staff and the service they provide makes me very comfortable in recommending the Riu Palace Macao and I can honestly say to date this is the only resort we have visited that we will definitely be returning to.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>outboard
<Content>would not return I stayed at the Rui Palace.Great beach, mold in room my clothes still smell. I room where not what a five star should be. I was only there for 3 nights and am glad that was all. When you got into bed at night your sheets were damp. the service was terrible. The food was not great. I was glad to see a Wendy's at the airport when we were leaving. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The rating should be a 2 star not a 3 star.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>hmmCanada
<Content>AMAZING Vacation!       beautiful!!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>abbottlind
<Content>Loved Rio Palace Macao We stayed at the Rio Palace Macao from April 21st - April 28th. We had a wonderful time and I cannot say enough good about the service and the staff. They were amazing. We do not speak any Spanish but found most of them could speak some English and all could manage to communicate with us.The room was perfect - I could not believe how quiet it was. The room was kept very clean and we had lots of towels, facecloths, pillows, and blankets. The air conditioning worked well. The food was always good - the buffet was so good that we only tried the Japanese food once - it was good but with so much selection in the buffet we didn't try any of the others. We never had any problem getting a chair on the beach or in the shade it we chose. The bar service on the beach was fine - I never had to get up to go to the bar someone always came and asked if I wanted a drink.We did the Monster Truck Safari and that was worth the money. It gave us a good view of the country - It was nice to meet someone so knowledgeable about his country and so proud of it. We learned a lot - Thank you Sam. The beach was wonderful and we enjoyed long walks on the sand. Caribbean Street shopping was really good and although we didn't require the services of a Doctor I felt secure knowing one was so close.The Animation group were a lot of fun and we enjoyed the entertainment nightly. They were certainly very energetic.We will definitely stay at the Rio Palace Macao when we visit the Dominican again. Linda  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>KyAlwaysreadytogo
<Content>Love Riu hotels, but This was our 6th trip to Punta Cana, so obviously we LOVE it there. We had stayed at the Riu Bambu (next door) 4 times and at another Riu in Cancun a few years ago. Riu hotels have always been wonderful places to stay. However, at this particular hotel we encountered some problems. First of all, ocean view does not exist. It should be called pool view. The palm trees block the view of the ocean. This is not all that bad, but still I think they should clarify what you are getting. The main issue that we had was the air conditioning. There were six of us in our group and we all had the same issues. The room never seemed to cool down below 85, but a good ceiling fan helped. Our fan barely turned, so I reported it to be fixed or replaced. I was promised that it would be done in 2 hours, but when it was still not fixed by the next day at 4 pm, they simply moved us to another room. Somewhat of a hassle, but at least that fan worked well which was a good thing because the air conditioning in that room was not any better than the other.The next main issue that I had was with the elevators. They did not seem safe at all! There were 2 and one would actually drop several inches on the way up from the first floor, especially with 4 people in them. I was very uncomfortable on them and would only ride with my husband. If it stopped for other people, I would get off and go down the steps. The buffet was excellent, but I don't think the specialy restaurants were anything special. Now for the good review..........the beach, my favorite in all the Caribbean, is heavenly!! No where have I found the number of palm trees on a beach like at the Riu hotels in Punta Cana!! (not all hotels are in the palm tree grove, but the Riu Palace Macao, Riu Bambu and Riu Punta Cana Palace are) You can be in the sun or under a palm tree with that beautiful white sand, gorgeous aquamarine water, and a wonderful breeze. Paradise!!!! We did have beach bar service and the servers came around every 15 minutes or so. We brought insulated mugs from home that they would fill with whatever we wanted---coca lite (diet coke), beer, Miami vice, etc. We are already planning our next trip to Punta Cana, but we plan to stay at the Riu Punta Cana Palace. It looks like the Taj Majal!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dakota144
<Content>Not horrible not wonderful       Our room  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>TwoRoses
<Content>Fantastic Holiday This was our third trip to the Dom. Rep. and our fourth stay at a RIU hotel all the others were great, but the RIU Palace Macao was by far the best. Excellente as they would say.Everything you need for a perfect holiday.The staff were very friendly and helpful even though we don't speak Spanish.The food was plentiful and with such a lot of choices that no-one need go hungry.The drinks were free flowing from morning to night, we even took a bottle of champagne to our room a couple of times so we could sit on the balcony in our rocking chairs and just enjoy the view.There are plenty of sunloungers by the pool and on the beach, we never had a problem getting one and we were not up at the crack of dawn as some folks suggest you need to be. They even carried mattresses down to the beach for your sunloungers if you wanted them.There was waiter service on the beach as well as round the pooland we never had to wait too long for our drinks, as one previous review has said.We didn't try any speciality restaurants, but always had our lunch at the Caribe Grill overlooking the ocean, where the service was excellent. If you have booked a holiday here rest assured that you will have a great time.We can't wait to go back next year and are already planning our return visit to the RIU Palace Macao.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Franfromthepoconos
<Content>Best Vacation Ever I wrote a review, but when I reviewed it, it was deleted. Ergo, this will be brief. This was the best vacation we've ever had--we've been to the Caribbean 15 times (twice to Puerto Plata, numerous times to Jamaica--Super Clubs, Couples, etc--and once to Sandals in Antigua) and this place beat them all. The food was sensational (except for over-done salmon in the Japanese restuarant). Mimosas every morning for breakfast and, once, they even had caviar on the boiled eggs at breakfast! They also had bowls of red and black caviar on the buffet several times at dinner. The Mediterranean restaurant was our favorite--skewered beef and seafood was excellent. We went to all of the a la carte restaurants, but, as many have said, the buffet is so magnificent, you don't really have to. And, making reservations at them was never a problem, as it has been at other RIUs we've been to.My only complaints--and they are miniscule--were that the bath tub was too skinny (shower curtain constantly rubbed against you) and no swimp-up pool bar, which would have been nice.I loved having a bidet in the bathroom (after asking a gal exactly how to use it). What a great European invention!The pool was smallish, but very nice--there is always an attendant to get you a lounger and mat. And the beach goes forever! It is aqua and wonderful. We went on no excursions, so I cannot speak for them.The service is beyond reproach. We, as Americans, tip. But, I don't think it would have mattered; everyone was wonderful.We truly cannot wait to return.If anyone has any specific questions, don't hesitate to e-mail me--just put RIU as the subject so I don't delete it as spam. My e-mail is fkt7667@aol.comEnjoy your trip, you'll have a fantastic time.Fran  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mikebus7
<Content>Good, but not great This was my wife and I's first trip to the DR. The hotel itself was very nice and clean for the most part. Breakfast and dinner was great. There was so much to choose from and everything tasted great. Lunch was OK, not bad, not good. The service was good most of the time. It depends on who you got. I had some issues with the fact you could only get Presidente (beer) at night in the casino or disco. The alterntive was some so-so, warm draft beer. Also, it took a while to get drinks most of the time. Not to be snotty, but hey I'm on vacation and I want it now.The beach was very nice, and the pool area always had something fun going on. The gym was terrible, but there where a lot of little shops to visit all with-in the resport. Over all we had a good time, not a great time. The DR was nice and if we went back we would not stay at the RIU's.On a side note: Most of the guests were unfrienly and seemed to lack common courtesy. Not to generalize, but most of them seemed to be from a place that sounds like Your Rope. There is smoking everywhere except at the meals, which was awful. When we went to Aurba every one was friendly and we made several friends which made things more fun.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kakes
<Content>perfecto beach vacation I'm not a big fan of all-inclusive resorts, but in this instance was outvoted by my fellow travelers. The Riu Palace Macao deserves it's high ratings.........not 5 stars, but 4 1/2 for sure. As some people pointed out, some of the rooms were musty (at least our 2), but that might have been due to their curious decision to decorate in stodgy New England, rather than tropical. That's my ONLY complaint about the rooms. Check-in, seamless.......Weather was 84 degrees, sunny and breezy; if you know of better beach weather, please get back to me. Yeah, you had to get up at the crack of dawn to secure a prime pool or beach chair, but again, where don't you? Heading down to the beach with the post lunch crowd works, or like some other adventurers, pay for your lack of ambition with a few $$. As for the beach, soft sand and turquoise water as far as the eye could see. My spouse and I consider ourselves to be decent cooks, and for a buffet to be all things to all people is really a test of a good resort; I found it hard to get by the salad bar, there were so many choices.Visitors who found the buffet lacking, I'd be curious to know what and where they usually eat. The fresh fruits were a delight in themselves, mimosas passed at breakfast, great service, lovely setting.....we were more than happy. If you dig American fast food as your cuisine of choice, perhaps this is not the place for you. People complained that the drinks were not cruise quality; the last drink I purchased on a cruise was not cruise quality, and cost me $7.95.Surely, people at an all inclusive don't expect single malt scotch, and designer vodka; the liquor was decent, and the tropical drinks were delicious. There was a very nice piano bar with live music, before or after dinner.....we never checked out the shows, deciding to hit the casino instead. The staff was just great.............we tried to tip the people who we thought were paid the least, but overall they were efficient, good humored, and ready to merengue at a second's notice. The only thing I would avoid is an extended tour; even to a beautiful place like Sanoa island; it's just too big of a chunk of a day to spend travelling on crappy roads! The 1/2 day Caribbean festival was a fun time, but for the intrepid snorkler or diver, you will be disappointed, the reefs are somewhat beat up. The bottom line is for a person who generally does not like all inclusives, and loves to complain when things are not up to snuff, I had a great time! Don't forget to brush your teeth with the bottled water from the fridge, your tummy will thank you.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>workpays4travel
<Content>Great Service We stayed from 3/20 - 3/27 with a party of 9. Last year two of stayed at the Paradisus Palma Real so the bar was set pretty high coming in to this resort. First glance was alright but not spectacular as I was expecting from the literature as the palace. You can't see the ocean from the lobby and the while courteous the front desk staff isn't that efficient (more on that later). Everyone in our party speaks Spanish so it wasn't due to a communication issue. Room was a nice garden view (code word for non-ocean view). It was two queens (seemed larger than doubles) put together as a king, which was perfect for the my spouse and two children. The fan was nice although the air conditioning was not all that cold and really was unaffected by the thermostat. The room was clean but had a bit of a musty odor at times. Our sink drain pipe was broken and leaked all over the floor and our phone didn't work. We alerted the front desk numerous times about both the pipe and the phone but they both took over 48 hours to fix and we had to live with a trash bucket under the sink so that we could use it. Again, our party speaks Spanish so it wasn't a communication issue. The pool area was very nice. There were plenty of chairs and towels and as long as you tipped early in the day your drinks were constantly refilled (tips didn't hurt the service even though they are included according to the literature). There is a second kids pool but it's more of a foot pool than anything so it got dirty quick. There was no swim up bar but if you want a drink quick there is a pool bar nearby which also has a self-serve ice-cream machine (big hit with everyone including the children). The beach is awesome again with plenty of seating and service and there is a bar pretty close to the beach. There didn't seem to be any drink service on the beach which was a little disappointing. The water and beach were perfect with little seaweed as we had experienced with the other resort further east. During our stay we had four red flag days and four yellow flag days so watersports were pretty much out of the question in the beginning. We used the paddleboats, kayaks, and sailboats which were all free on the yellow flag days. The restaurants are hit and miss. You are assigned a seating much like a cruise at the buffet, either 6:30 or 8:30. The good thing was that the staff accomadated you well if you wanted to change on the spot. Reservations at the other restaurants were made between 7 and 10 AM and were not a problem, especially if you tipped the reservation guy on the busy days. Steakhouse: The steak was good but nothing that wasn't available at the buffet. The appetizers were a little different and worth the meal. The dessert was a crepe that was a little too sweet but not bad.Kabuki: We were warned by our travel agent not to go here but did we listen, no. This Japanese restauarant had very bad stale sushi which wasn't even close to authentic. The meals were more like Chinese takeout than Japanese. The lighting was flourescent and too bright and not very warm. The redeeming value of the restaurant was the dessert, fried ice cream (Japanese??) although many in the party ordered the lychee exotic dessert only to have cantalope appear as they were out of lychee. Everyone in our party ended up eating room service that night.Caribe: The view from this restaurant makes dining here 1 or 2 times worth it. The steak and shrimp were both good as was the entire meal. The dessert again was the crepe which again was too sweet. The view...well worth the reservations.Buffet: Probably the best choice (outside of the view at Caribe). There was a wide assortment of meats, vegetables and sides. The made to order pasta bar rocked with lots of choices. Desserts included all kinds of cakes, ice cream and treats and you couldn't go wrong. Drinks: The red wines were less than average choices from Spanish and Italian wineries but I didn't try the whites or sparkling. The mixed drinks were very well done.Breakfast: Probably our favorite meal of the day. Anything that you could imagine was there. The fresh fruit juice smoothies were fantastic. The entertainment was very good and run by a man by the name of Johnny Bravo and his sideckicks Big-Papi and Super Johnny. We saw a show every night including a Michael Jackson imitator who was just like the real thing. The kids had fun dancing at the mini-club and playing bingo. The bar had a piano player every night and had very good singers as well. The shows were tastefully done and you could bring the kids to every show. During the day there were many events held by the pool which were fun for many different age brackets. The workout facilities were very disappointing and far from the room. They were literally in a hut-like open air building with two rooms. There were some free-weights, old treadmills and spinning cycles but the facility was univiting and dated because of that we didn't want to go near them and didn't. The spa facilities on-site were non-existent and you had to go to the shopping center to arrange for any services which were not in the hotel. I enjoy spa services on a trip like this so it was a little disappointing that they were not more integrated into the resort as a palace destination.The guests were an ecletic collection of many nationalities. There were many German, Spanish, French (Canandian/France), and Americans. Everyone was very polite and got along very well. It was easy to strike up a conversation with almost anybody there and our children made many different friends during the trip. Speaking different languages didn't hurt but almost everyone spoke english in some form. Now to the best part of the whole experience.....THE SERVICE. The service outside of our maintenance needs was outstanding. Every day we had the same breakfast waiter, Winston, who was phenomenal. Winston went out of his way to not only make our breakfast enjoyable he went above and beyond. The lunch waiters were varied but equally attentive as was the drink service. Dinner service was great at the buffet and the restaurants and was consistently good. Bar service by the pool and at night in the club was very good and consistent. The service would make me return again without question.In conclusion, I was expecting more aesthetically for the resort as they bill it as one of their Palace resorts but all in all it was one of our best vacations ever, one that catered to all ages with great service and I would return without reservation (okay I probably would make a reservation).  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>mamaprib
<Content>Beautiful, laid-back resort       rum in a coconut, yum!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beetle45
<Content>Riu Macao...Punta Cana My husband and I just returned yesterday from Punta Cana. We were very sad to leave the beautiful beach and sunshine behind. We stayed at the Riu Palace Macao. It was absolutely amazing. The food was great and the organized excursions were plentiful. We went hosre back riding one morning along the beach, and the next day we took a helicopter excursion which was magnificent to say the least. Our resort was all inclusive, so we were never in the want or need of anything because it was all there. Riu also has a few other resorts right beside us, and we were able to go and enjoy the services at the other resorts if we wanted to. The Macao had so much, that we didn't need to go to the others. We spent most of our days at the beach being catered to by the waiters on the beach. We rarely had to get up and get our own cocktails...The only reason we would get up would be to go for a swim in the beautiful ocean. A helpful hint to those travelling from Canada...bring an adaptor so you can plug your battery chargers and curling irons, etc. in...I learned the hard way, and had to use an adaptor they let me use from the hotel. It didn't quite fit the things that needed to be pluged in, so they cut away at it until it fit my items. Very interesting.The service was great throughout the hotel and it was quite clean. We ate mostly at the buffet meals as it suited our schedule the best. We didn't want to be on a schedule, and with some of the retaurants at our resort, we had to make reservations. We made reservations once and the dinner was great.There was entertainment each night at the resort and lots of various sport activities offerred during the day from volleyball, horse shoes, ping pong, archery, etc.We had a great vacation to the D.R. and would go back again in a heart beat. I would also recommend the Riu Palca Macao as a beautiful place to stay in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soap2
<Content>Great Vacation spot Stayed from January 8th to 15th and flew out of Kitchener, Ontario. We would fly from Kitchener every time if possible- shorter lines and personal service. Check-in was fast and easy and our room was ready immediately in the middle of the day. The buffet was top-notch; always many selections to please the palate. Steakhouse was good but not enough to take us from the buffet. Lobster one night in the buffet was excellent. Service at the bars was quick and friendly but could have used blenders for some frozen drinks. Rooms were good size and well-appointed. Very clean and all rooms that we could see had a good view of the pool area and the ocean through the palms. The beach area still seems to be the best we have seen and we have been to many islands and Mexico. You can walk for miles up and down the beach. Lots of lounges on the beach - with and without shade. You didn't have to be there at 5:30 a.m. to obtain one or two. Entertainment was pretty good- the staff tries real hard and they put in an incredible number of hours. Waiters are always roaming the pool area and even the beach occassionally to ask if you need drinks. Staff is always friendly and try hard to get you involved with activities but they also understand the word- No, when you don't want to be involved. The fact that you can use facilities of the Riu Bambu and Riu Taino is a bonus. Italian Restaurant at the Bambu is still a favourite of ours. We discovered this one when we stayed at the Taino last year. We always felt safe and never threatened. Side trip on a catamaran to swim and snorkel with nurse sharks and rays was a little overcrowded and over dramatized. WILL return to the Palace Macao or the Bambu next year.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>allthetoys
<Content>Excellent Visit Being Canadians, we visited the hotel during the Canadian March break. We found it to be an excellent vacation time. The hotel was neat, clean, quiet and nicely decorated. The staff, from the reception desk to the room maid, though sometimes short on English, seemed genuinely eager to do all they could to make our stay enjoyable. There was a bit of a musty smell when we arrived but it aired out quickly. We liked the balcony with the rockers and the bar fridge was always well stocked.The food was plentiful, good tasting and offered a varied selection. We ate most nights at the buffet and had no problems getting reservations. You only have to designate an eating time (6:30 or 8:30) on check-in and you are good for the entire stay. Long pants are required but jeans seemed to qualify. We tried the steak house one night and the Japanese on another and had no problems making a reservation without lining up. The pool was nice but small and we didnéˆ¥æª› use it because the ocean was much better. The water was warm and clear with a steady breeze to keep any bugs away. Beach loungers were plentiful but about half the loungers would be empty with towels draped over them to reserve them, contrary to hotel policy. And for those of you that came back to find your loungers gone and your towels in the sand, that was me.It was generally an older crowd but entertainment is available at the adjoining resorts. We took the monster truck tour and the reef snorkeling tours and they were well worth the money. I wouldnéˆ¥æª› recommend wandering off the complex property by yourself though.The only problems we had were a squeaking toilet that took 4 maintenance visits over 4 days to finally fix and no running water in the rooms on our last day there. Bit of a ripe plane ride home.Things to watch out for:-baggage handlers at the airport are very aggressive.-charges for phantom phone calls on the hotel bill (could be the maids)-tap water undrinkable-rooms that face out on the sides generally get a lot of metal cart noises during the day.-adequate signage is a rarity. Be careful which bus you get on when coming or going. - whiney Brits explaining how they USE TO run the world (See a previous entry).Suggestions:-bring sunscreen from home. It is very expensive there.-bring a laptop as there is free wireless internet in the lobby (close to many bars...but then what isnéˆ¥æª›)and it is much cheaper to use Skype than the phone.-If you want snacks (chips, candy bars etc)...bring them with you.-bring Pepto bismal tablets, Tylenol etc from home-Ignore whiney Brits.All in all an excellent trip that I would do again next year.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tmleafs26
<Content>If you complain about this place - you got problems with your head Stayed here for one week MArch 16-23.The resort is amazing, the food is amazing, everything about this place is amazing. Yeah so they don't speak English for the most part, you are in their country, learn a few words and watch how they warm up to you and smile at you. Don't blame the resort because your airplane was delayed, or your bags got lost, that has nothing to do with the resort. The weather was a bit off for 2 days, but thats ok, theres still pools, beaches, so much to do. After dinner each night we were so full we needed to relax a bit because we ate so much of the AMAZING food. The place is truly a 5.5 star. ZERO COMPLAINTS. And if you have complaints about this place you need to get your head checked out - better yet don't travel at all down south, because if this place isn't good enough for you, then nothing is.Book this place without any sort of fear, it's truly AMAZING.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>choconut779
<Content>Excellent!! This hotel was outstanding in terms of service and dining! We have been to DR three times before and this hotel definitely beats the rest! The buffet was incredible- I have honestly never seen such a wide selection- about 14 appetizers and over 15 entree choices! The service was attentive as well- the piano bar/ pool bar/beach bar/ show room bar all had a great selection of cocktails/ martnis and long drinks. And the beach was beautiful!Only one word of caution- avoid making any phone calls from the room- we used our intrnational calling card and still got charged $26 for a 10 minute conversation- the front desk explained that they put a sub charge on all call card calls!Otherwise, this hotel is awesome!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>AlSusie
<Content>Perfect! When my wife and I arrived, the Reception staff told us how they were there for our enjoyment. I must admit to taking that with a large pinch of salt but I could not have been more wrong. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left, we were treated like royalty by all the staff there. The Reception staff were informative, helpful and always friendly. The staff working the bars always ensured that you did not have to move if you wanted another drink.....a bit lazy but hey, you're on holiday! The staff in the Restaurants were very efficient and friendly and the food was always fantastic. Always so much choose whether it was breakfast, lunch or dinner. The rooms were really comfortable and clean and the cleaners always did something special with the towels or nightwear, a lovely touch. The location right on the beach was superb. I'm not a great one for all the entertainment but the daytime fun and games really were great fun and the evening shows were pitched just right. The main compere was fantastic. All in all, a perfect hotel to make it a perfect holiday.By the way, go on the quad bikes and you must wear 'old' shoes and clothes. You will not stay clean!!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HappyGranbyMA
<Content>Fun vacation Three of us enjoyed a wonderful week at the Palace Macao. The hotel itself, the staff, the beach, the food, and the weather were all perfect! I have to chuckle at the reviews rating the food. The food at the restaurants was the same as the food at the buffet. Although the food was geared to Europeans it certainly was delicious. Hopefully we will get back soon!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>amberflagg
<Content>Riu Palace Macao       beach  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>skiingrob
<Content>Loved the Riu Macao, would recomend it to anyone I just got back from the Riu Macau Punta Cana, and I would recommend it to anyone. The staff was great, very friendly and engaging. The three restaurants in addition to the main buffet which had a different theme everyday were good. The Japanese restaurant served a great salmon, but you will not get sushi or shimie in any quantity or quality. The other two were Caribbean and a Steak house, which were great. The grounds were flawless and staff would bring you drinks while you laid around by the pool or on the beach (all included, but its nice to tip...hint hint) I would recommend bring $100 in singles and another hundred in $5 for tipping and to carry a few bucks on yourself during the day for those small things like Allovera (for those sun burns.) I would tell anyone to go there. This was my first all inclusive resort, so I donéˆ¥æª› have a basis for comparison, but I could not have asked for anything more while I was there. This place was what I pictured in my head of what an all inclusive resort would be from tv, movies, and books, and then they took it a step further. There is a live show every night from 945 to like 1115 or 1145. The head of entertainment Johnny Bravo is funny, engaging, and puts on a great show. Plus alcohol and food 24x7, a four bottle liquor dispenser and a fully stocked mini fridge in your room is awesome and adds to the enjoyment. There are free amenities if you enjoy kayaking or sailing a catamaran. You can pay for other stuff like scuba.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KandiDisco
<Content>Great hotel (picked bad weeks - Spring break!) Hi, Booked 2 weeks starting 3 March 08 for Myself and Girlfriend.Had been to Riu before on North of Island and fancied a similar experience but new surroundings so booked in for Macao. Hotel was Excellent throughout. Very Friendly staff whevever we went, Hotel was simply laid out and access to bars restaurants easy during day and night. We Tried speciality restaurant once but was really just same food as from buffet so we ate there for rest of Holiday, which was only food let down. Lots of different food on offer everyday and lots of fresh fruit and salad which was always well prepared. Waiters very attentive and constant supply of water wine and beer on tap! Only BIG dissappointment was we didnt know it was Canadian Spring Break when we went and if we had known would have changed holiday dates. Our first few days were lovely, mainly couples and small groups enjoying peace and quiet but then loads and loads of Large Parties of Canadians turned up and took over pretty much everything at full volume for rest of break. There were lots of nationalites there, Spanish, German English mainly but Mainly Canadians. The bigger the group the louder and many had a small army of young children which turned restaurants and pool areas into a bit of Childrens Camp, lots of sreaming, shouting, kids charging round and then Very Loud Canadians shouting at kids. We ( along with others I noticed) had to often move along beach or bar areas just to hold conversation between ourselves as When Candadians get going about how much money they have, how many dirt bikes they own or how big there Yacht is, everyone within a 50m radius gets to hear too! If you are a couple looking for a beatiful hotel, great rooms, fantastic Beach and attentive staff this hotel is definately the place to go, but Please check your Dates to avoid dissapointment when you get there.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>keith5919
<Content>3rd Time The Best Riu Palace Macao September 02 éˆ¥?09, 2007Three couples from Detroit using Apple Vacations and USA3000:Flights: On time with no problems. I knew beforehand that USA3000 had changed their meal policy and now charged $5.00 for a snack box.Customs  Immigrations: No problems, with our bags coming within minutes of us arriving at the carousel.Transportation: When we arrived at our bus we were told we would be stopping first at one of the Barcelos and then the Palace Macao and the Riu Bambu. The driver, fortunately for us, missed the turnoff for the Barcelo, so the Palace Macao was first. Our return bus showed up on time and we were some of the first people for our flight dropped off at the airport.Check-in: There were only the six of us checking in at the Macao. We were given our bracelets and then told to come back in a couple of hours to get our room keys. They did give us our room #s though, so after a drink at the lobby bar we went to check out our rooms. We found they had given us three rooms on the main floor overlooking the back of Caribbean Street. I had emailed the hotel ahead of time and got very nice responses back from the asst. hotel director. This was our 3rd trip to the Macao and had requested rooms in the center of the building overlooking the pool.We went back to the front desk and told them the problem and then the reception manager gave us three rooms exactly where we requested. Before dinner this first day the asst. hotel director found us in the bar and asked how the rooms were. He seemed surprised when I told him my story and he then said of course you are in a suite, no (I am a Gold Card member)? I said no, but we were happy with our room and didnéˆ¥æª› want to change.Weather: It rained one evening while at dinner and then one morning for about 15 minutes, which drove us from the beach to the pool bar to wait it out. The temperature was very warm, with high humidity, but there was always a nice breeze off the ocean. Around the pool it was very warm.Food  Drinks: This trip we ate all our dinners at the buffet. They still keep to the two seatings rule with men required to wear long pants. This was not much of a problem as the dining room has a/c. We found the food to be good as in past trips. We ate most of our lunches at the Caribe Grill, which is directly on the beach. We also ate once at the Pizzeria, but for some reason that day they had no pizza.We always spent our days on the beach directly next to the beach bar, under one of the umbrellas. Very good location for drinks and there are restrooms in the Caribe Grill close by. The water was very warm and very mild éˆ¥?no undertow and no waves. The water was very clear.Other: We walked over to the Punta Cana Palace a couple of times after dinner. They allow Riu guests to walk around, but will not serve them if youéˆ¥æª™e not a guest of the PCP. The lobby is very nice (and cool).Thatéˆ¥æªš about it. We all enjoyed our stay and are looking forward to a return visit.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>jetoem
<Content>Macao Review       RIU- carribean shopping street  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kpeele
<Content>Get there now! The resort is beautiful! The weather was about 85 during the day. It usually rained for about 10 minutes max each morning, but not a show stopper by any means. The crowd at the Riu Macao is a bit older than at the neighboring Riu resorts, but you can still enjoy the same food, drinks, and entertainment at the other Riu resorts if you feel like taking a quick, pretty 5 minute walk down the beach. The pool and beach are great. The beach is a little bit windy, so the pool offers a nice break from the wind and sun, if you need it. The sand and ocean water are very clean.The hotel staff helped make our stay even more enjoyable. The front desk let me charge my camera battery (I didnt have a converter) while I was eating breakfast one morning. The waiters and waitresses that bring your drinks to you (at the pool and the ocean) seem so genuine and happy. All in all, this vacation is going to be hard to beat! I can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>britdb
<Content>Terrible Vacation! Wouldn't recommend! Maybe it's because we chose to book our vacation through Apple Vacations! Our number one mistake! I couldn't have imagined a worse vacation. The area of Punta Cana is absolutely beautiful and the people there are very friendly, as in the city. At the hotel, if you have a problem, except them to pretend they can't understand you, when most of all the employees can understand exactly what you are saying, but they forget when you have an issue. We got there and were suppose to have a king bed, we had a a room with two double beds pushed together with a large crack in the middle, not real great for your honeymoon! We were also suppose to have beach side, we received the side that faces the dumpsters and the back side of the street that you can walk down to go shopping, so not very impressive! The hotel remained farely clean, but if smoking bothers you then don't bother going to any shows, bingo, etc, because it's pretty bad. Then scheduling dinner can be really a chore. They say everything is inclusive, but you have to get up at 6:30 in the morning to go down and put your name on a list for an actual resturant or plan on eating the buffet every meal, and it was always the same food! Later come to find out, if you go with lots of American dollars and plan on throwing them around to get what you want, in a place that is suppose to be all inclusive, then you will get what you want, but you will be paying for it! We met several people down there who were wine and dined for 100 to 200 dollars a day.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	3	1	3	1	

<Author>car2gr4
<Content>Loved the Riu Palace I thought the Riu Palace Macao was one of the best places to stay in Punta Cana. The hotel was clean and we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite overlooking the pool and ocean. You couldn't beat the view. The staff was excellent and the hotel had an upscale feel without feeling too stuffy. The beaches was great plus by staying here you have access to two of the other Riu Hotels, so you never have to worry about getting board with the restaurants or pool. There is plenty for everyone to do if you would like to or you can just hang out at one of the many bars, pool or ocean. I found that many of the guests there were very friendly and I can't state enough that the staff there was outstanding. Also Adam our Apple Travel Rep. was great! He was helpful and funny had a great attitude. He seems to be always available and helps you determine which excursions are best suited for the individual or group. I highly recommend the Outback Safari.All and all it was a great place to stay or to get married at (I did both so it made the stay and trip even better). If you are planning on having a wedding there then Magnolia will make the wedding an easy feat for you. She is energetic, helpful and very sincere. She is everything that you want in a wedding coordinator.There is also some great night time entertainment where guests get a chance to take the stage and have fun while making the audience laugh at the stunts that the host and crew make them do. It is all good humor and that group is made up of some of the greatest people that I have had the pleasure of meeting.I think if you stay here you will have a wonderful time, I know I did. In fact I am already thinking about going back there next year and I am the kind of person who never wants to go back to same place twice.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ren817
<Content>Great Vacation Let me begin by stating that this was our first time staying at an all-inclusive. My wife and i are in our mid 50's and have gone on cruises for the past ten years. This year we were looking for something different. Most of my comparisions will be to a cruise. First of all, the Riu Macao is a gorgeous Hotel. Very tropical. Our room was large and very clean. There were no odors as listed in other reviews. We had a very nice balcony that overlooked the pool. We didn't spend too much much time in the room, but when we did it was a pleasant experience. You will need an electrical adaptor. American plugs don't work in their outlets.  There were many more Europeans at the Macao than Americans. I'm not saying that this was bad, Just another thing that was different from our cruising experience. The beach was absolutely beautiful. White powder sand, palm trees, ice blue water. We've been to many beaches in the Caribbean and this one may have been the nicest. There were plenty of beach chairs and there was always someone to help you get set up. It did appear that there was a shortage of chairs around the pool. This didn't effect us, as we were at the beach most of the time. On our first two nights, we made reservations at the specialty restaurants. I wasn't impressed with either one. Not saying the food was bad, but on a cruise, if you go to a speciality restaurant, the food and service is always otstanding. We ate at the bufett for the rest of the week. The was good(not great , but good). You always had plentty of choices, we just missed the attention that you get at diner on a cruise. The breakfast bufett was great. Eggs made to order. cereals, fruits. All the normal stuff and it was alll very good.. Now to the booze. One of my favorite drinks is vodka/cran. I don't think that they had any cranberry juice in the entire Domonican Republic. I quickly acquired a taste for vodka/tonic. The lack of cran also impacted my wife as one of her favorite drinks is a cosmo and you can't make a good cosmo without cran. They really didn't seem to have any top shelve drinks. The best vodka was stoli and the best gin was beefeaters. The only beer that you could get was local beer . It was actually pretty good.Overall, the booze and the food were a cut below cruise quality. Both were acceptable, but not great. They had some type of entertainment every night. We went the first night and it was a tribute to Michael Jackson-- that was enough for me- he's creepy enough in the USA. I don't need to see the Domonican version. The lobby bar was good. You actually seem to get a better quality drink there. I would recommend that you try the bars in some of the other RIU propertities. I must also comment on the staff. Everyone was always smiling and cheerful. it was almost spooky. How could they like their job that much. Everyone was very helpful and they did not expect a tip. On several occassions, I actually had to chase them for the tip. Overall it was a very relaxing vacation, more so than a cruise. Howver the food and beverages are better on a cruise. I will definately do an all-inclusive again and I would consider going back to the Macao.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>snooker85
<Content>Overall great!       Maids' artistry  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TwinLakes
<Content>Wonderful trip! I wanted to write a review but then read In-depth review dated Feb. 22 and prepared by macauwasawesome. I dont see how it could have been said any better than that. And its true, smiles are the universal language. If you give, you will receive.Rather than re-iterating that wonderful description, I can't help but feel that there are many people who compare 5* with those in their home countries. If that were the case, none of us would be able to afford this trip. From what I observed, it was one of the best hotels in the area and if it doesn't satisfy 5*s, then I would suggest that all the hotel ratings in Punta Cana (or throughout the Carribean should be lowered).If you have made the choice to go, you will love it.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kittykatnj
<Content>riu macao was a great kid friendly vacation What A great Family Vacation!!! We left cold and snowy New Jersey to land in a Beautiful country with great beaches and wonderful warm climate!!! The Macao is a 5 star hotel great for couples!!! Right next door walking distance is the ultimate kid friendly resort. Riu Bambu Thank god they are sister hotels so we can use the facilities!! Angela is in charge of all the children guests, she does a fantastic job w/ all the activities she plans every day and night!!!! When we go back we will stay atnthe Riu Bambu if it's just adults the Macao!!!! evfeyone is lovely but very laid back. There is no rush for anything!!!! The teach you to relax you are on vacation!!!!! It was economical and a ton of fun!!!! Highly recommend it!!!! Manasquan, New Jersey  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>gwitty
<Content>Unless you want to smell like mildew...skip it This hotel, and others in its chain, look beautiful from the outside, but once in your room it's a whole different story. The rooms here are completely overcome with mold or mildew smell. Even the kleenex stinks. Every time we went back to our room it was like getting blown over by a mildew bus. Everything we brought there, from shoes, to suitcases, to makeup, still reeks of mildew. Clothing that was washed twice still smells. Suitcases that sat outside for days and were then doused twice with Febreeze, still reek. Plastic bottles, makeup containers, etc, still smell.To end on a positive note, the beach is wonderful. If you could sleep out there and avoid the rooms, it would be ideal.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	2	4	

<Author>kmwott
<Content>A little work needed, but overall a good experience My elderly mother and I just returned from a week at the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana. The Palace Macao was chosen for its compactness. It is more of a traditional hotel style rather than the bungalows that many of the resorts have.We were on a Skyquest Vacation and flew with Skyservice. Departing we were delayed 6 hrs because of mechanical trouble. They finally sent another plane from Toronto. We arrived at the airport in the middle of the night - 3:30 or so. Mum has had several joint replacements and also gets short of breath so I'd requested wheelchair assistance on all flights. Even at that late hour the chair was ready and an enterprising young man wheeled her to baggage, customs, and over to get the bus.Check-in at close to 5 am was a new experience but it went ok. Basically they just gave us keys and told us to get wristbands etc in the morning. I'd requested a room with 2 beds, close to the elevator. They got the elevator part right but we spent the rest of the night in a king-size bed. I wasn't going back to change it at that point. In the morning I spoke to them and we did change rooms.The Riu Palace Macao is getting older and the elevators are small - 2 sets are on either side of the main reception area. There may be others. We weren't adventurous. The elevators were a bit of an experience - noisy at times, jerky at others and more than one person had the doors close right on them.The 2nd room was a good size with 2 double beds. The balcony was much smaller than the one in the first room and the view was blocked by a palm tree but we enjoyed the sound of the ocean and the nice breezes.The lamp on the dresser didn't work when we arrived. I mentioned it to a maid. It was picked up a day later and a replacement came several hours after that. The new lamp worked initially but then stopped. We really didn't need it so I didn't make further fuss and just reported it at check out. The hotel admin phoned us 2-3 times to ask how things were going; whether we were happy with the room etc. Once the replacement lamp was in place that stopped but I was impressed that they'd follow up on reported problems. I've never experienced it in North American chains but did get a similar call in a Riu hotel in Mexico.We didn't attend evening shows and had dinner at the 6:30 sitting but were pleased to see that there were movie channels on the TV - Fox etc. We saw a couple of good movies during the week - English with Spanish subtitles.We had a slight problem with the minibar fridge. They added extra soft drinks and put one near the small feezer. It froze and the bottle either broke or leaked... a bit of a mess to clean up.Bathroom was a decent size and my mother was able to manage to get into the tub. The tub wall was a bit high but there was a grab bar on the inside wall. We put a hand towel down in the tub to reduce slipping - probably could have got a plastic mat from them. Each room does seem to have a stool and that would have fit in the tub if needed. We did have problems with cold water a couple of mornings. The hot water was plentiful but on its own the shower was just too hot. There was almost no cold water available in the sink or tub on a couple of days right around 8 am. Possibly it was just too many people using it at one time. When I asked someone he seemed to indicate that it was being worked on - but there was a bit of a language barrier there... Last bathroom problem occurred on the last night. The chain connecting the handle to flush the toilet disconnected. We were already out of street clothes so just made do and raised the flapper manually. While the problems with the room were a bit inconvenient they really didn't bother us a lot - or for long.Meals -- good -- too good actually.. the scale says that we ate a lot more than we should have. We had breakfasts and dinners at the main buffet and tried lunches at a couple of the other places. We didn't bother trying the theme restaurants. We were amazed with the Maitre D's memory. With some 350+ rooms and people coming and going every week he is able to keep pretty good track of who is at what table without checking his list. We went into the dining room one evening and said good evening. He looked at me and said - table 62 - and was right.We skipped tours, just too hard for seniors with joint troubles. We did use the Spa twice and enjoyed that. We also wandered the shops on Carribean Street - part of the Riu resorts. There were lots of chairs at the beach and we did sit there a few times. Chairs around the pool tended to be hard to get. While the hotel says that people are not to reserve lounge chairs with towels, they don't take much action when people do. Given that each person gets 1 towel card at arrival I was baffled as to where these people were for hours at a time while their towels were sitting on chairs around the pool. We actually preferred to sit in the bar areas where the chairs were easier to get in and out of - and there was much more shade.Overall we had a good week, a nice break from Ontario winter. The hotel wasn't perfect but it was better than expected in some areas. Wireless Internet service is available free in the lobby area - or for a fee in a business centre. I'd go back but admit that I will also investigate other hotels possibly. My mother really could not have managed the resorts that are very spread out, lots of walking. She was fine going from the room to the dining room and going on short walks to pool, beach, Carribean street etc. We saw at least a couple of people in wheelchairs and many with canes so I guess that it did suit several older people. There were quite a few families with young children as well as people in a range of other ages.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iwillgo4you
<Content>Riu Macau nothing special-not great Quick background...my wife and I arrived for a quick four-day stay due to work  our children back in the states. This was our forth visit to Punta Cana resorts in seven years and this review is based on comparisons to other stays in this area.  Check-in was seamless and uneventful-we later learned the resort was booked at about 60-70%. We received an upgraded room simply by asking. The room was clean but dated and the old bedding and mattress were well below par. Food at the buffet for all meals was good and varied. The on-premises restaurants offered little variety and slow service and were rarely filled. We found these restaurants were not worth booking. The grounds were good  the pool was clean-nothing more worth adding-we stay at the beach. The beach provided plenty of loungers and enough shade/sun for everyone at any time. Service was great and we always appreciate the staff that typically work 11 straight 10-12 hr days  3 days off. We appreciate everyone there b/c we know they work hard. We would not go back to a Riu property again. This was sold as a better than average level Riu. There are better run and better maintained resorts (Iberostar our favorite) that we enjoy more.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macauwasawesome
<Content>In-depth review       cerveza esta bueno!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NYCMetsFan
<Content>Nice Vacation, Average Resort My wife and I just returned last night from a 5-day/4-night stay at the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana. I have really benefitted from Trip Advisor reviews in the past, so I feel obligated to return the favor. Here goes:We arrived on Saturday afternoon and found the check-in process to be pretty slow and disorganized. When we finally did get a room (call it 15 minutes), there was a maid cleaning it . . . it was not ready yet. I returned to the front desk to ask for a different room, and the staff was somewhat unhelpful, and basically just told us to wait. Fine, no big deal, but not off to a great start.Dinner the first night at the buffet was good, but not great. There are plenty of options, but the food sits under heat lamps for a while, and it can be luck of the draw whether you get something hot off the stove. The waiters come around with drinks, but they were in no particular hurry. The wine and beer options are somewhat limited, but not terrible.Breakfast at the main restaurant (El Patio) was quite good, and we started each day with a full meal. We spent each of our three full days sitting at the beach rather than the pool. We never had a problem finding chairs at the beach (in the sun or the shade, both were fine). Waiters brought us drinks at the beach, which was nice (not a great selection of options, but enough to keep us interested). The pool is nice enough, and there seemed to be chairs when people wanted them, but it drove us crazy how many people just left towels on chairs to reserve them for hours at a time when they were not using them. Not a huge deal, just kind of rude and in contravention of the resort's rules. The beach is absolutely beautiful, and without a doubt the highlight of the trip (despite some questionable bathing suit choices by some of the guests; I guess as an American I am not accustomed to European swimwear. To each his own, I suppose). Lunch is a buffet at each of the restaurants, and was probably the lowlight of the trip. The food was warmed over, and not very appetizing. We stuck to the main restaurant for dinner after reading that the specialty restaurants (a la carte) were not as good as the buffet. (Note: the resort requires long pants and long sleeve shirts for men for dinner in the buffet, but this rule is loosely enforced. We didn't see anyone in short pants, but short sleeves, jeans, and flip flops were plentiful). In the evenings, we checked out the show, had a few drinks in the bar, and gambled a bit in the casino. The shows were, in the main, very tacky and pretty lame, but it was something to do. The casino is small, but there are a few blackjack tables and roulette tables, and a bunch of slots and I enjoyed it (despite losing more than winning). We didn't get to the dance club -- not really our scene.As for the staff, they get a solid B- in our book. There was nothing overtly wrong with them, but they were there to do their job and not much more. My wife and I both felt that no one went above and beyond in any respect. Just by way of an example, at one point during the trip I lost my wallet (totally my fault, I left it by the pool and it was gone when I came back). When I asked the front desk if anyone had turned it in, they were pretty indifferent. When I asked if I could get access to the business center (so I could use phone and internet to cancel my credit cards) they said it was closed, and there wasn't anything they could do, but I could go to some other part of the resort and ask one of the managers for help. Again, nothing overtly wrong, but they definitely didn't spring into action to help me out. (The wallet was ultimatey returned a day later, all my credit cards were there, but $50 in cash was missing). There is nothing *wrong* with this resort, there is just nothing spectacular about it. The price was pretty reasonable (we thought), unlimited food and booze is great, and the beach is beautiful. If you show up expecting the Ritz-Carlton, you are going to be disappointed. If you show up expecting a decent resort for a good price in a beautiful location, you will get exactly what you want.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>pdveer
<Content>Nice...but wouldn't go back We have just returned from a stay at the Macao (Feb 10-16/08). We did not arrive until the 11th due to a missed connecting flight at JFK thanks to Delta airlines. Funny though, although we arrived a day late, we still had to wait almost 15 minutes for our rooms to be ready. We travelled with a group of five couples. We found this resort to be geared mostly toward quiet, older guests or families. We found many of the guests to be quite unfriendly and even rude...for example...bumping into you accidentally poolside but never saying excuse me or I'm sorry. One older fellow even raced my girlfriend to the buffet to get to the omelette bar first!! Anyway, the pool was very pretty but very quiet. They do have a few aerobic classes and other activities periodically at both the pool and at the beach, the same as any other resort we've been to. There was no music playing other than when one of the activities were taking place. The piano bar was okay, with only a few songs played nightly. We found the staff to be quite friendly and willing to help out with whatever you needed, but many of them had difficulty speaking English. The rooms were standard, nothing special and I found the bed to be quite uncomfortable. The food was okay, again nothing too extraordinaire ...compared to our stay last year at a Bahai Principe. The beach is beautiful but all of the resorts share the same beach of course. There are lots of chairs available for use and there is plenty of room for sitting in both the shade and the sun. We found more fun going over to the Riu Tainao and the Riu Bambu! The disco does not open until 11 p.m... too late, but it seems it is geared mostly toward the staff anyway. Overall it is always wonderful to get away on a trip, but none of us will consider returning to this resort again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>gc/kc
<Content>Good Food/Service/property is beautiful We arrived at the Riu Palace Macao for a weeks' stay. This isour 3rd time in Punta Cana, all at different locations. Elvis dida thorough job of checking us in and was helpful. We enjoyeda lovely tropical drink brought to us during the process.  Our main objective for this vacation was to relax and the hotel and grounds were the perfect place. The beach is vast and staff attendents bring lounge chairs and pads to you. There are plenty of tall palms around so there is a chance for both sun and shade. We spent the days on the beach and late afternoon headed toward the pool for a swim and a drink. The food and service were excellent. The El Patio buffet had lots of choices and we ate all our dinners, but one there. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable, but the shower and tub were very small. Overall our stay was wonderful.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katieandpat
<Content>Destination Wedding @ the RIU Palace Macao       Junior Suite ~ Rm 3124  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>akehllah
<Content>would definitely go there again We just came back from a wonderful stay at this resort. We agree with previous reviewers that the El Patio restaurant buffet was better than the one ala carte restaurant we tried so we did not venture to try any other.The food was always of a wide variety and there was something to suit any taste. I especially loved the way vegetables were prepared and the abundance of them. This is the first of 4 all inclusive resorts we visited where I did not have to go out very early in the morning to reserve shaded lounge chairs. There are sooooo many beautiful palm trees to park your lounge chair under and if you can't find one, the beach boys will help you. Lots of sunny space and chairs on beach too. Animation team was good but did not go out of their way to engage vacationers in the scheduled activities. Evening programs were a nice variety with the exception of the MISS show which we thought was in very poor taste for several reasons (sexual comments and violence implied). The room was always immaculate and maid always left some fancy decoration with flowers.Only updating we would suggest would be new bedspreads. We did not get the feeling that hotel and beachstaff was seeking tips. In fact the times we did try to tip we found often the waiter would quickly move on before you could give him /her the tip. At no time did we experience any unpleasantness among the staff who was always very friendly. Grounds,outdoor seating options were just beautiful and we loved the evening lounge entertainment. Beach area was what we expected...wide, beautiful.  Men be prepared to wear long pants every day for dinner in the buffet restaurant.we saw one guest turned away because he was wearing shorts...ala carte restaurants did not require long pants which we found different from other all inclusives. Also, although the electric outlets are for 120V...my curling iron plug did not fit...had to ask for an adapter plug at front desk (5$deposit) .With a little muscle power my husband did get plug to go in the adapter, which then fit in the wall outlet. One final suggestion, if you are going to consider any excursions, try the half day outback safari...it was well worth the price. We hightly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RoadLessTraveled-3
<Content>Repeat Offender - LOVE THE MACAO       Macao pool  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>roxy24
<Content>wouldn't go back To anyone under the age of 65 I do not recomend staying at the resort. Although it was very nice and the service was excellent the lack of things to do for people in their 30's was dissapointing! I do not recommend to anyone going to the disco or casion. i believe that the disco was also for the staff which made it a little unsafe!! the casino ran scams to take every bit of your money do not take any thing for free in the casion you will pay for it later!! also for a resort that is 24hr all inclusive we had to still pay for our drinks in certain places??? the beaches are beautiful, the hotel is very clean, the food was good, and once again the service was excellent!! if you're looking for a resort to just relax and sit on the beach you'll have fun. if you're looking for entertainment or any kind of activities this is not the resort for you!! one last thing if you have previously stayed at a riu palace like i have this is not even comparable to all the others!!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	4	3	5	3	

<Author>lit50
<Content>Quite Fine This was our 5th stay in the DR, and 3rd in Punta Cana. We had stayed at Iberostars recently (La Hacienda in La Ramana and the Iberostar Punta Cana) and feel that the Riu was at least on their level. what was great? the beach - we like waves and wind and in january both were present. the volleyball games were fun. walking the beach is great, and the shipwreck always something to see.the watersports were good (catamaran, kayaks) though the watersports staff often did not permit their use when the wind was up - they did seem a bit too safety-conscious. I admit i was irritated when the red flags were up two of the days - no sailing or kayaking! then again, the next days we saw many people who really did not know how to sail or even kayak attempting to go out into the waves farther out. the staff - we thought all staff were particularly fine. waiters, waitresses, bartenders, front desk staff - they all were helpful, pleasant, and multi-lingual.the food - good-to-great. the seafood was excellent. the range of choices was fine. dinner was probably the best, though at breakfast made to order omelets were fine and fruit juices excellent. they do ask you to sit at the same table each night in the buffet - we thought this would not be positive but in fact it worked well - we got to know our servers and they us, and it became a pleasure to walk in and immediately get wine or our favorite drinks brought to the table. we were able to get a table for two that was ideal - we saw no family or couple forced to sit in shared circumstances.the balcony - we had one of the cheapest rooms, and the balcony still was wonderful for relaxing in the evening with the last drink of the day.what was not great?the pool was way too small, but we are not pool people so we did not mind. the check-in was slow, and since we came in after midnight, one would have hoped they would have been notified in advance of our arrival and had more people at the desk when our bus dropped a lot of tired folks off. the air-conditioning initially was hard to get right, but once we nailed it it worked fine.the bed was very hard - i loved it, but my wife did not. many pillows, and extra blanket helped.we had a good time, and would return again if the price were right. we would do the iberostar punta cana instead if priced lower - we see them as different but overall equivalent.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>guyfromboston
<Content>A good place to loose weight Ok, I am in my early 40's and have traveled extensively for business and pleasure. I chose the RIU Palace Macao because I was taking some top performing sales people away for a reward trip and had a very limited budget and the RIU fit it. I would rate my room as fine but nothing special. The pool was fine but nothing special. The beach was very nice, but it was crowded. The service was good and very friendly. The drinks were good (but not the wine) and included, thank god because the food was horrible. I admit I am an adventurous foodie but this was just below what should be standard. Greasy was the description for anything that was cooked but not in a stew. I would say that it was below Denny's grade. In fact, I would have been thrilled to go to a Denny's as an alternative. They have a number of restaurants for dinner. All of them are empty because they are a joke. The japanese resturant was comical. They served sushi, which was rice with a shaved sliver of fish on it with a thick soy sauce. Then, some version of Sukiyaki, which I believe was the from the beef stew from the buffet that they washed off and served with rice. The steak house offers a 6 ounce rib eye, which was fried, not grilled. I could go on. I think they have the resturants so they can market that they have them but everyone ends up at the buffet out of despiration. I should add that I saw a number of people enjoying the buffet. I can only imagine these are the people that go to Denny's for dinner, not the ones that end up at Denny's at 2 am to absorb the alcohol. Also, the front desk quoted us 150 dollars and a 35 minute ride to play teeth of the dog golf course at Casa de Campo. Well we did it and it ended up being a 3 hour ride and 300 dollars. Great course but it was tainted by the false promises. There is a course right next door to the Palace Macao, Punta Blanca, which was a very good course, and was really 150 dollars and it included a limited lunch, though not on the ocean like the Teeth of the Dog.All in all if your budget is limited and you can't afford much and food is not an important part of your vacation the Palace Macau is not a bad choice. The one good thing about the safari accross the island to play golf was I got to see outside the well guarded compound that is the resort. The island has a lot of potential but the poverty was wide spread and I must admit makes me ashamed of writing about how poor the food at the resort is as it would most likely be the meal of their lives. Yet, you do deserve to know what to expect before you go as spoiled and pompus I know I sound.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	2	

<Author>susanliber
<Content>Wonderful all inclusive We just returned from the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana DR. We had a wonderful time. The food was excellent. We ate mostly in the buffet but we also had dinner in the Steakhouse, the Caribe Grill, and the Kabuki japanese restaurants. No complaints at all about the food. The beach was lovely. Punta Cana is on the Atlantic side of the island so the water was a bit chillier and greener than the Caribbean side. The sand was soft and fine. There were plenty of loungers. There was surf to play in and free non motorized water sports. We booked an excursion through Scuba Caribe onsite for a sunset snorkeling trip to the Caribbean side. This was very good. We also did an excursion through Prieto Tours for the Caribbean Festival - a half day snorkeling trip, swimming with nurse sharks and seeing rays up close. On the ride back there was a Dominican Folkloric dance show on the Catamaran. The only complaint about that is there were too many people for the small area that we were allowed to snorkel in. It was very crowded and we kept getting kicked and swum over top of. The activities at the resort were good. There was music in the Cubano Bar every night. There was usually a show too every night - dances from the Caribbean, Mexico and Dominican. There was also a Caberet show and a Micheal Jackson show. The activitiy staff were very high energy and multilingual. On Thursday night is a Caribbean Party on the side street next to the resort with music and dancing and silly games. Really a lot of fun. The only real complaints we had were about the air conditioning in the room. It was not cool enough for my husband. (It was fine for me.) The room never got cooler than about 72 degrees. They kept saying they were working on it but I don't really think so. Also, housekeeping was very inconsistant. They would come any time from 8:30 am to 4:30 pm. They did not always do a thorough job. And even if we hung our make up room sign and left for 4-5 hours, there was no telling if the room would be done or not. Also the casino is not very good. There are no rules posted for the table games....hubby said they only used one deck for poker. The slot machines were old and sticky and did not all work properly. Overall the staff people were very helpful and friendly. Not all the tourists were though. There are many French, German and Russian tourists here - as well as visitors from the UK and Canada. We did enjoy our time there. Two weeks was perfect. It only rained the day we arrived and the day we left.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	5	

<Author>WhosWho72
<Content>Loved the Riu Palace Macao Myself and some from friends (6 in total) wanted to travel to have a Girls Vacation. We booked our trip through American Express travel, our agent was on top of everything down to the last minute when we were scheduled to take off. The shuttle service was on time and waiting to pick us up . the ride was air conditioned and relaxing from the airport to the hotel. When we arrived to the hotel we were greeted with punch and roses. The bellman, was helpful and so was the front desk. So far everyone we encountered spoke very good english and was very very helpfull getting us situated. All were very pleasant and accommodating. The food was EXCELLENT !!!! We had so many choices, we tried to venture out and try different things but we loved what were served everyday within the hotel they seemed to have had the best servings daily. The japanese restaurant was secluded the servings were small. But to each his own. The breakfast was delicicous serving omlettes, pancakes, sausage fruit, and some traditional domican foods. The service was phenominal!!! Although we did not have to tip because our vacation was all inclusive we could not help but to do so, such great service. Lunch and dinner were the same. The food was delicious and there were all types of foods for everyones liking whether vegetarian or no beef / pork eaters. The entertainment and performances were extraordinary and funny, but had a very bad impressionist of James Brown! The night life was exciting and fun, the Bachata was the club, that was right oustide of the hotel grounds. which 4 other hotels surrounded. I think the theatre within the hotel was very smokey was not a non smoking area, with a damp feel and smell.... the pool closed early and there was only one major pool with a jacuzzi. I think there could have been more pools. The Fitness center needs to be upgraded tremendously, out of the 4 machines they had 2 were not working. The Fitness center is a walk within the hotel grounds. The rooms were clean, the bathroom and rooms were newly furnished, and the service was excellent but the room had a damp smell to it. Tv's need to be upgraded, satellite dish went out a couple of times. Most of the channels were snowy and not clear. One person in our party was celebrating her birthday while we were there and the hotel was totally accomodating, decoarted the room with balloons and flowers gave a complimentry bottle of rum and champagne, with a birthday cake and a live band during dinner. The weather was beautiful very humid, leaving the room going to the beach the camera lens would fogg up. I would suggest everyone to take the safari, that was very interesting and told about the country and how the Dominicans live, Overall it is a good hotel the service is excellent, there needs to be some upgrades, i would stay here again!!!! Had a great tine and Loved it............  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Finbarr1313
<Content>Great Vacation       Can you say merengue?  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>AddictedtoRhinos
<Content>Third Stay, Booked Our Fourth! We've stayed at the Palace Macao three times now and are going back again in May. We promised to try somewhere new but just feel so comfortable there!I prefer the top floor rooms and have had no problem with requesting this on arrival or by email. Staff are friendly, and learning a few Spanish phrases can make all the difference. Service is generally very good. The bar staff at night are the best as you can learn to make cocktails behind the bar at 4am!Food seems pretty much the same at all the hotels we've stayed at in the Dominican, but the champagne is a bonus!The beach is just lovely, great for long walks. Disco is great on the Carribean Party night. Like all the large complexes there is a loads of shops, but we tend to haggle up at the market on the beach.We've also stayed at the Iberostar next door to the Riu, and would recommend it also.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>FamilyB-3
<Content>Beware with teenagers We recently returned from a week at the Riu Palace Macau in Punta Cana with our 16 year old son. I wanted to post this since I was negligent in researching the property and its practices with regard to liquor. Traveling with a 16 year old presents challenges, which were compounded by the fact that the legal drinking age in the DR is 16. The hotel was very accomodating and eagerly served teenagers at the bar. When I inquired about a different color bracelet to prevent my son from drinking, I was told they did not do that. In addition to the liquor, cigars are freely given out to anyone wanting one by the people who set up tables to sell their wares to the guests. Both these policies should be reviewed.In the future I will be more vigilant about investigating the drinking policies at resorts we visit.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>profwenger
<Content>Lovely, but all too much!! Our holiday started with Check - in at Gatwick to be informed of a 5 hour delay, great start. Finally arrived at Punta Cana, tired, dishevelled and weary to be Photographed on arrival!Finally arrived at the hotel which was a vision of beauty lit up like a christmas tree, very beautiful. However the check in was disorganised, no welcome drink as is usual for a Riu and no clear instructions to get to our room. Beware no signposting!We had booked  paid for a Sea view in the UK, please be aware this hotel has no sea view! We had a superior room, but upgraded to a suite the following day which was lovely, however no full length mirror in the suites? Our suite overlooked the jaccuzi, please be aware whilst it feels very private and discreet, you are visible, my husband called it the gene pool,, due to the number of unprotected couplings that took place, we were woken one night at 0430 to see 5 guys and 2 girls, use your imagination as to the noises!The hotel feels tired and I would guess is quite old, it feels like it needs a makeover. The Bambu next door was based on the new Riu format, and I would not be disappointed to have stayed there.The pool was fabulous, but very cold, and the beach superb. We did have a late hurricane which was something else, but the staff coped admirably, considering 25 died and they must have been very worried about their families.The Riu concept is based on everything you need, we will provide and they do, beautiful gardens, spotless service areas and pool, they work very hard to make your holiday a success. This hotel very much caters for our German friends, and German is more understood and spoken than English, this was unusual! Entertainment: we did not see any, as I was still on English time so went to bed early!Food: More than anything you could want, in fact it was all too much. The restaurants were good, my preference was the steak house and the lovely Mateo, who never lets your glass empty!The main buffett was an experience, usually the buffett is relaxed and an ad hoc affair, you eat when you wish, here beware. You can only eat at 1830 or 2030, and you must only eat at the table allocated....nightmare, why make the buffett so regimented? apart from that the food was outstanding, Lobster and Champagne, giant prawns, smoked salmon, carvery, specialist foods, nothing was unavailable. Gentlemen beware, you must have long trousers and the whole event is a dress up affair, not a dress down one!This was the first experience of a Palace, and the first time we have stayed in a Riu where tipping is expected, especially by the pool boys, who will whistle at you to get your attention and bring your mattress to you ( they do smell a bit), However, we do always tip, but this was the first time you felt uncomfortable if you were not doing so.Overall, we had a lovely holiday as we always do.Caution, please buy any duty free or gifts before you leave the airport at Punta Cana is a joke. Puerta Plata last year was wonderful and provided everything at reasonable prices.Punta Cana was minimal and they did not even have a tot of rum for a cuba libre!!! Minimal fragrances and choice of tobacco. The charges for drinks and food was outrageous even more than the UK airports and you cannot take bought in the airport water on to the flights! If you are delayed allow plenty of cash! ( 1 beer and 1 vodka tonic $16 !!!If you want a Dominican experience I would return to Puerta Plata and the Merengue or Palace there, alternatively, if you have a family I would suggest the Bambu, lovely pools and service areas. The people were as always in Dominca wonderful, if you haven't been you will love it.If this review sounds a little negative, it is just saying it as I found it, however, remember I am now back in gloomy England and back at work!!If you go have a great holiday!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>m2swim
<Content>Met all expectations We stayed at the Riu Macao right before Christmas. We chose the Macao for a couple of reasons: predictable food, especially at the main (buffet) dining room, several Riu properties within a short distance from each other, giving my 19 y/o daughter plenty of different people to meet and the beach. I agree with all previous postings concerning the food at the Macao - the buffet was beyond expectations and the specialty restaurants were slightly below them. Even my daughter thought the same as we did. Having several properties within walking distance gave the younger crowd more reason to check the other hotel beaches out during the day. There was a constant parade on the beach, which gave her the opportunity to meet others in the same age group.And then there is the beach. Needless to say, one cannot say enough about the beaches in Punta Cana. They DO stretch forever and they are as nice as they come. The sand is real fine and doesn't get too hot to walk on. I guess the only drawback is that during this time of the year, the sun starts getting shaded by the abundance of palm trees close to the beach around 4:00 p.m.We will be going back to Punta Cana and the Riu Macao will be on our list of choices when we do.Swimmin' M  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Lovingthesun
<Content>Exceptional Hotel - Very Impressed!       The Beach  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingLovers911
<Content>Absolutely Loved       Polly wants a craker  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>senoratravel
<Content>Great resort but........ HolaJust returned home from two weeks at the Palace Macao, November 29th to December 13th. We flew direct from Vancouver with Air Transat and had no problems either side. Ground transportation was with Coco Tours and after some running around at the end trying to locate a rep to check our pick up time they showed and we got to the airport. This was our second trip to the D.R. and first time at a RIU. Last year we stayed at the Bahia Principe Bravaro and we both agreed that we liked the Palace Macao much better. Our room was a bit better at the Bahia, bigger and brighter. The Japanese restaurant at the Bahia was also much better. But do you really go to the D.R. for Japanese food? Overall the food was good and the best was probably the main buffet. Japanese was terrible, Caribe Grill very good (except the Lobster Bisque, yuck), didn't try the Steak House and Mediterranean. Bars were good, service could be a bit slow though. The staff from the waiters in the dining rooms, bars, housekeeping and front desk all very friendly. Please tip, they work very hard to make your stay a memorable one. Alot of Europeans who smoke, so if you don't smoke be prepared. Smoking is allowed everywhere, too bad.We were fortunate to attend a wedding and there were no complaints from the Bride and Groom, all went well except the minister (?) was 45 minutes late. Alot of couples, honeymooners and families. However, guests from the other RIU's would come and hang out at the Macao. The Palace Punta Cana was beautiful but guests of the other RUI's could not use any of their facilities. It did have a sports bar though. It seemed that the Bambu was a party place especially around the swim up bar. The other two, the Naiboa and Taino I wouldn't recommend just from what I saw. Did hear rumors that these two will be torn down and replaced by a new Palace. The Macao seems to have a good mix of all amenities.Now my BUT....... Please be very careful of a game in the Casino. It is called Progressive Roulette. It is a different game that Roulette, which they also have. Sometimes at the enterance you will be given a $10 token to use for this NEW game. This is how they will get you to play. IT IS A SCAM! You can never win. We lost $100 dollars before we figured it out. Another couple we talked to lost $700, so be forwarned. If you are able I would suggest you take a tour of the island. What you see at the resort is nothing like what is out there. Last year we took the Monster Truck tour, long day but really got to see how the people live and the beautiful countryside. Our son, this trip, took the snorkling with the sharks and rays and all that went thought it was awesome. I would recommend the Palace Macao and was impressed with the RIU chain. M  MVancouver, B.C.P.S. Laundry service is slow and expensive  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveldOlly007
<Content>specialist restaurants not up to scratch Hotel situated on fabulous beach. Staff well trained,odd one not so helpful. We asked for change of room which they did without a problem. The entertainment was ok but a lot of it relied on the hotel guests taking part. Dinner in the evening was two sittings which some guests did not approve of. We found it worked well as you knew you had a table waiting when you went in for dinner.Food in the main restaurant was very good but the speciality restaurants were poor. The holiday overall was very good value for money. I would certainly stay in the resort again, but would perhaps try a different hotel.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>beachbum350
<Content>great time the room was big,clean and comfortable. Big porch with two big rocking chairs.No problem with bugs,Asked for room near elevators because I have problems with my legs. Got a room down two long coridors.To the very end.that put a big damped on my vacation.The food was very good and changed everyday.I ate all my meals at the buffet. Breackfast had everything you could dream of plus.Lunches were very good. light. Suppers were very good with theames some nights. I didn't see the entertianment. Counldn't walk there aftrer walking to my room.The pools was great and kept clean. The soft serve at the pool bar was so good. The servers at the pool came around all the time asking if you wanted a drink. The beach had very soft sand. The water was cold and rough. So I stayed at the pool.I didn't go to the caribian street but the venders came two time to the hotel at night and I bought a few things. You have to bargin because they asked for outrages prices. I knew about what I should payfor the items.I had no problem with the water long as you brush your teath with bottles water.They clean and clean there. Everything is spotless. The pool entertianment is fun. Horseshoe anyone. Water arobic is very good. If you do not swim this is not the place for you. The pool is 4foot 11 inches. I am only 5foot 1 inch. I could not stand in the pool. I had to stay on the steps.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>oceanloverCornwall
<Content>wonderful!!!!!! I recently stayed at the Riu Macao on November 11th for a week. I would have to say that we loved it very much....This is my third time staying at a Riu and I love it even more.......The service was great everyone from the receptionist to the cleaning ladies were absolutely wonderful......The food was great the ocean was beautiful the drinks were delicious,,,,they have a new line of martinis and I could go on and on For the price we payed I would go back in a flash (that was my ninth vacation in the last 5 years) and like I said do not hesitate to go there you will be so pleased.....Relax and enjoy  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Suzski
<Content>Enjoyable Stay       Looking at the Resort from the next property over  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lucychops
<Content>A Very Good Hotel - Could be Excellent with improvements Arrived October 8th 2007 with my wife and we were given a lovely room . Air Con Freezing (great and a must in this humidity). a small tip to the reception staff made sure of an ultra 5 star service. However service throughout the hotel is exceptional without tippingBeach was awesome and grounds lovely and very well kept and a beautiful design lots of nice palm trees etc. Pool not bad a bit small but we used the beach a lot ,so it didnt matter to us.Food The main Buffet El Patio was very good, try the omlettes for breakfast .Lunch and Dinner very goodSteakhouse not very good but it depends on the quality of Steak you are use toCaribe Grill not bad either probably the best of the speciality restaurantsJapanese not bad either but make sure they dont deliver your saki , kettle hot. All of the speciality places are definately NOT al la carte, but this is all inclusive just dont expect to much. They are designed I think to break the routine of the standard buffet.Reservations you make for these each morning on the day you wish to use them but they are never overbooked so you can go as much as you like. My only complaints about the dining were the Wine (awful) and the Coffee (warm but awful) and these were pointed out to Head Honcho when he asked me how our holiday was going. But to wrap up food very good but could get a bit repetitive.Drinks generally very good some top shelf spirits etc and good portions. Dont think anyone could describe them as weak unless your used to a bottle a day. If in doubt just use Mucho after Vodka, Tequila Rum when ordering .They will also make you any drink you care for if not on the bar list . If they dont know what it is ,they are happy for you to show them .Entertainment very average but funny staff sort of made up for this. You will enjoy Bingo after your hol as it is played in entertaiment lounge only air conditioned place after room and Main Restaurant. Overall the hotel is Very good, Service execeptional and about as good as it gets for a holiday destination .I would give it 3.5 stars in my opinion definately not a five star city hotel. It could be better if improvements are made in some areasLastly a good hotel is a good hotel with variations on a theme, I mean that what pleases you is not not necessarily what pleases others . Negative experiences can be down to the indivdualA final word must go to the people we met on holiday Dave and Traci from California and Trevor and Ann from Near Grimsby Absolutely delightful and all the other nice people we met from the northwest to many to mention.Would I recommend this Hotel ? Yes Would I return No because there are to many other places left to visit  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>gannab
<Content>Beautiful but not American Friendly Beautiful beaches and pool....no one I mean no one can speak english or understand english ..... lots of food, pretty good, but have to make reservations day before at 7=10 am every morning...don't have to for breakfast or lunch but designated times to eat only....no information or lierature ar0und so have to fend for yourself if you have a question....nothing going on during the day, shows are 10 in the evening....drinks are very weak, never saw anyone looking like they had drunk too much....air conditioning in rooms and bingo lounge but no place else and we just got back and the humidity was about 90 percent...rooms are nice and roomy....they only provide soap and a contaihner of shampoo in the shower, no individual mini bottles....forget room service as they don't understand english....pretty safe just ordering coffee....lots of walking to rooms...care of the rooms was excellent...choice of gin, vodka and 2 kinds of rum in liquor dispenser, but no mixes to use them....nothing on the resort grounds to buy as mixers...frig. is full with beer, water, and sodas....no mixers....we enjoyed the beach and pool but would not go back to a RIU....there are 3 other ones you can walk to and they are all run the same way....lots of young couples and TOPLESS BEACH  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Tameca
<Content>Relaxing Vacation       Parasailing  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Binkle
<Content>Relaxing Holiday at Palace Macao My husband  I have just returned from Riu Palace Macao... 10th October 2007.It has been a wonderful relaxing holiday. The hotel staff are very friendly always smiling and ready to help you in a trice.Anything that you need is no problem for them.Checking in was friendly, professional and very welcoming. Jimmy on the front desk was a real character!Our room was very well presented altho the air conditioning is not as effecient as we have experienced at other hotels elsewhere.The maid service is excellent, clean linen daily and a turn down service at night which was very nice. Flowers on your pillow or chocolate treats on the turned down covers!!The mini bar was stocked religiously each day and such jolly guy that does the job. There are ice stations at the end of the corridors to fill up your ice bucket from your room, nice touch!The food was excellent in the main buffet and at the Caribbe Grill, couldn't say the same for the Steak House tho, very mediocre.The Caribbe Grill is right on the beach and has a fantastic view of the sea and the selection of fish at lunch was excellent. The shrimps in garlic butter...MMMmmm!!!!!!The guys serving there are really friendly, smiley people and all seem genuinely pleased to see you, especially when you turn up again the next day!The beach bar is a great place to say 'Hi' to people and see what Jonny Bravo is up to, either Salsa lessons or Aerobics and have your favourite drink served by Antonito, he is so happy and has a great selection of hats!! His top saying 'Oh my God, I love my job!!'Champagne is available from morning til night and it is sooo... lovely!With regards to 5 Star Hotel I would definately say NOT.Maybe 3.5 or 4 Star, the hotel is a little tired.But the staff are definately 5 Star with 5 Star effort consistently!The location is superb, blue sea, fine white sand, what more is there?All in all we have had a great holiday doing very little, which is what we intended and the Riu Palace Macao served us well.Would we go back?..... Yes we would  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ohiobunny
<Content>Choose the Riu Palace Macao for 'tropical!'       Partying at the lobby bar  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>on4ajt
<Content>We had a wonderfull time there and the 4.5 rating is correct. This hotel confirms in every aspect to the reports given through this forum. It answered completely to the picture we had made up. The staff is doing their very best to please you. If there is a problem report it to the front desk and they will try to fix it within 24 hours, according RIU policy, if not possible they offer you an other room. Reminder this might be more difficult when there is full or nearly full occupation. Sometimes they say yes and did not really understand what you meant but just to please you they say yes, be understanding and repeat your point, if nessesary talk to someone else who does understand your language(English or French, better)The pool could use an update(fresch painting) but is well maintained. If you like a peacefull vacation and want rest you will find it at the Macao. All Dutch speaking people visiting this forum who are interested in, personal, non commercial excursions please contact me for further information. Pesonel i would to recommend are Alexandra at the front desk and Antonito waiter/bartender at the pool. We will never forget his motto Oh my God, I love my job ! and believe us, it seems he really does.We had a wonderfull time there.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sunshine_Cutie
<Content>A m a z i n g ! ! !       me and my fiance!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChrisSanFrancisco
<Content>What an Awesome Hotel We just returned from 4 nights at The Riu Palace Macao. It was such a relaxing wonderful hotel with a real tropical feel to it. The staff bent over backwards to accomodate us. We had a top floor room with a cathedral ceiling and a King Sized bed. The A/C worked great and the room and the hotel and grounds were incredibly clean. We loved the decor and ambiance. The hotel had a nice collection of paintings and sculptures in the public areas. The pool was incredible and they even had waitstaff to serve drinks by the pool. The beach was flawless. We are hard to please and really couldnt understand how anyone could not like this place-we loved it. The food was great too-We loved the shrimp omelettes-made to order and the fresh tropical juices at breakfast. We loved the Japanese restaurant-the Szechuan shrimp(not spicy) were to die for-so were the Udon noodles. The Caribe Grill on the beach was amazing too. The hotel is not new or flashy it is classy and polished as well as understated. The staff spoke English and were amazing-We cant say enough!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tdned
<Content>Macao Wonderful Vacation We recently returned from 7 nights at the Macao. We loved it!!! My party consisted of 2 couples, ages 32 to 40. I have been to Jamacia, BVI, Bahamas and this was the most beautiful beach. I have also been to Cancun and a couple of beaches in Spain. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Jean at the front desk was very helpful. The bartenders were friendly, fun loving and quick to serve.  I Love My Job! is the phrase I heard 90% of the time I asked for a drink. Our mini fridge was stocked everyday and the maid service was outstanding. I read the comment earlier about the glasses, I put my belongings in the room safe, but the couple I was with left money out on a couple of occasions and nothing was taken. The entertainment staff was very entertaining. Does not compare to a Vegas show, by any means, but very entertaining. They did a great job including the guests in the activities. The Pacha disco was fun, and very crowded. It is a small dance spot, but seemed popular with the RIU guests. Americans were the minority here, food geared to Europeans and the beaches were 80% topless, but I think that is part of the fun of a vacation. I asked several guests from Spain, Germany, and England why here? The answer everytime was this is the most beautiful. I asked What about the Greek Isles? they said this was much more beautiful. Most come once a year.We met a local who was very friendly and spoke English very well. He offered to be our guide. We rented a car and he drove us to Santo Domingo. It was nice to see a little of the island off of the resort. People drive CRAZY. Nice to have a local doing the driving. Unlike Jamacia everyone was nice and I never felt threatened in any way. Most of the travelers we talked to were couples, but we did see several singles groups. Some girls, some guys, some straight, some gay. It looked like everyone was having a blast. However...this is no Cancun, with miles of bars/dance clubs.My only complaints... (which my no means put any kind of damper on my vacation) Only Dominican beer, which was not bad, just not offered in a light beer and it was very filling, Stoli (sp?) was the house vodka, until I spotted a Smirnoff bottle behind the bar. (we actually bought a bottle of Absolute at the store) No Jack/Crown...not top shelf anything. The matresses were not the most comfortable. Not terrible, just not home.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NatalieRM
<Content>Riu Macao was Wonderful       Riu Macao beach  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mbrebnor
<Content>Loved the Riu This hotel was a pleasant surprise for me. This is the 3rd hotel I tried in Punta Cana, and I feel like it was very nice for the money compared to the more expensive properties. The hotel was not as crowded as the other 4 Riu resorts so it was very relaxing. The rooms are a nice size. Paul and the rest of the front desk staff are amazing. It was my best friends birthday, and they made sure she had a great time. Beautiful beach, as it is with most of the hotels in Punta Cana. The snorkeling staff made the snorkeling trip most enjoyable. There's nothing like partying on a boat! The food is pretty decent for what you are paying. The lunch selection got old after the second day though. The grilled meats were tasty. The pool could use a swim up bar area, but it wasn't a big deal. The hotel staff speaks Spanish, French, English, and some speak other languages. The entertainment in the evening was enjoyable. I would definitely recommend to all types of travelers. Whether you are trying to relax, or party, there is something for you. All 5 resorts are connected, so you should be able to find something to make you happy.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Marine07
<Content>If Youre Looking For Excellent Service Dont Go Here. The hotel was absolutely beutiful as well as the beach. The food was excellent but the customer service was awful. We checked into a room with no AC and got a hard time exchanging it. Then my wife gets her Versace glasses stolen from our room. The manager never accomodated us in any way other than sorry. By the way the beach is topless and we did not know that until we got to the beach.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nancyox
<Content>We LOVED the Macao Palace!!! We just returned late last night from a wonderful week at the Macao Palace......all positive reviews are absolutely on point..the beach is by far the most beautiful beach we have ever been on...and we have travelled to most of the caribbean islands as well as hawaii.The property is beautiful; the grounds are very well maintained. We upgraded to a ground floor suite (we were only charged $25/night extra so it was a no brainer to do the upgrade). Our room had a living room and dining area with a balcony with a step up bedroom with a large bathroom and another balcony overlooking the pool with a limited ocean view. We knew from reading the reviews to stick to the buffet for dinner; we were not disappointed. The service was impeccable; the staff is constantly clearing your plate or bringing you a beverage....the food trays are replenished regularly so that at no time did we see an empty platter. While it is not gourmet cuisine by any stretch of the imagination, we were always able to find something we enjoyed. We did not find the food to be underseasoned at all....there was always a few fish, meat or chicken choices as well as countless salad and vegetable choices...in addition make your own pasta was available nightly. I don't remember seeing anyone mention the freshly made donuts every morning at breakfast...delicious!! We usually ate lunch at the poolside buffet...again, always pizza, burgers, dogs and pasta available as well as salads, fruit and dessert. there were daily special entrees as well. one day they made poolside paella, which was delicious, accompanied by sangria, requila sunrises and rum in fresh coconuts. The one thing you need to know is that the food is geared to european palates. there were a lot of strange looking dishes that we are not used to seeing, but they were very good...just have an open mind and you won't be disappointed.I cannot honestly understand how anyone could be disappointed with this hotel. I guess if you are dead set on looking for things to criticize, then you are always going to find something to complain about; however, in all honesty we were so pleased that we are definitely planning on returning soon.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Are79
<Content>Worth Every Penny       On the Saona Island Excursion  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>lsnhc
<Content>OK....just OK We were supposed to be headed to Cancun (Riu Cancun) on Aug 20, but with Hurricane Dean on the way and a very small window of possible travel dates, we rebooked at the last minute at Riu Palace Macao. Let me say at the outset that the vacation allowed me to accomplish what I wanted to achieve - a week away from a very stress-filled work environment and the opportunity for my family to spend a week together before our oldest left for college. That being said, while we loved the absolutely gorgeous beach and grounds, we were not totally pleased with the property.We had booked the lowest priced rooms (garden view), and after a real dog and pony show, were given complimentary upgrades. While we really did appreciate this, after a day of travel, it would have been nicer just to have been given the pool-view rooms at the outset, instead of being paraded to several rooms and being asked how much we would be willing to pay for the deluxe rooms. At any rate, the upgrades WERE appreciated.The rooms, while a bit dated in decor, were nonetheless very nice and spacious - no complaints whatsoever (well...except the door on the minibar in our sons' room falling off due to rust!!).Here are the positives of our stay:1 - beach - absolutely gorgeous - as nice as any we have been to. The water was absolutely crystal clear and debris free.2 - Staff. I cannot say enough about the staff - everybody from the front desk personnel to the pool attendants. All of them seem to get it - tourism is their only industry and we were unfailingly and enthusiastically polite and helpful. My wife and I have stayed at very high end all-inclusives (Royal Hideaway, Secrets Capri) and have not been treated any nicer. The animacion staff (entertainment staff) worked like crazy - seemingly 24 hrs a day - to keep things interesting!Unfortunately, for us, the negatives outweighed the positives:1 - Food - really unappealing. While we are unabashedly foodies, we have also done a lot of traveling to places that are not known for fine cuisine, including a number of cruises, and I can state, unequivocally, that we found the food to be the least appetizing of any place we have been. The buffets, while certainly lavish in assortment and quantity, were unfailingly repetitive and bland. Virtually all of the meats and fish dishes were very overcooked and underseasoned. Pastas were generally the highlights, but how often could you really eat a dish of pasta - certainly not twice a day, every day! BTW....we heard similar comments about the food from a significant number of guests.We were very surprised by the lack of any variety of lettuce for salads and the complete absence of fresh fruit juices. All of the juices we had were very, very sweet and artificial tasting. The sit down restaurants were, at best, okay, but still nothing to rave about - very limited menus with little opportunity for substitutions.2 - Lack of air conditioning. As is the case with many hotels in the tropics, a lot of the public spaces are open-air and lack air conditioning. Here, the ONLY air conditioned public spaces were the main buffet restaurant, the Japanese restaurant, and the La Boheme room (where the shows were presented). Dining at the three other sit-down restaurants was HOT, as well as the main lobby bar. Remember, this WAS the end of August, and even at night, the temperatures were in the high 80's. 3 -Gym -Truly a major disappointment. Located in a couple of open-air buildings on Caribbean St., there was some very antiquated equipment in another non-airconditioned facility. A huge disappointment for a Palace level resort.Another thing to note. While we were there, North Americans represented only about 20% of the guests, with the majority coming from Spain, UK, and Germany. For us, that was certainly not a problem, but I make note of this only to state that if you are an American or Canadian traveler that enjoys vacationing with fellow countrymen (or those for whom English is their first language), this is not the place for you.So, in the end, the trip accomplished for us what we sought, especially given the difficult conditions we had to deal with at the last minute. Would we return? Probably not, as the deficiencies noted above really did detract from the overall experience.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>EdikToronto
<Content>Great 2 weeks Vacation at RIU Macao We (couple 40/37 + 6 years old daughter, Russian speaking Canadians) arrived to Toronto from Punta Cana this morning (Sep 2nd) after having 2 weeks of vacation in RIU Macao. We had a great time!The vacation started bad - our flight was rescheduled due to the hurricane Dean, but it was just smooth and fine right after.We already stayed at RIU Taino (next door resort) 2 years ago ( advertised as 5 star hotel) with no A/C in the restourants and therefore were considering a place with that option. This time we also thought to book kids friendly Riu Bambu, but realized that the restourants there are not air-conditoned either.Riu Palace Macao has A/C in the main restourant (International)and in the Japanese one.The food was great, pretty big selection and the spectacular presentation. The only concern was the small metal tea kettles - y look uggly and designed that bad that some portion of your tea always will be out of your cup. From our past experience we concluded that nothing is better then the principal restourant and going some where was not an option. They offering a kitchen tour ... I amaized how hard those peaple working, most of the food is handmade, no dish washer. One Canadian lady - a professional food inspector - joined the tour and was pleased with minor concerns - it's pretty good result.The room was just fine - the staff organized a separate bed for the child. It was a 1st floor Superior room with a big balcony, pool view (limited ocean view too) - always clean and air-conditioned, no smell. The only problem that I recall was an unpredictable changing a water temperature when taking a shower - it was a pretty big discomfort specially for our little daughter, but we managed to work it out.The RIU Macao beach is amazing, it's the best one from all hotels around. You can always find a shadow place, no need to rush in the morning to towel-book as we did 2 years ago in Riu Taino. But many towels themselves look dirty with the stains,which downgrading the hotel from the advertized 5+ stars.Overall, I would give to this hotel 4 stars being in Canadian/US standards. The main reason we arrived to Punta Cana was the beach/ocean - we tried to be on the beach most of the time.I personally don't understand the peaple who arrived to that paradise and spend all day long next to the pool with chemicals in it. Hey! Everyone makes it's own vacation! By the way, there is a pretty good pool entertaiment program, but I think that Taino and Bambu are better. There is no direct access from the pool to bar - you can not swim to get you drink like it's possible at Taino/Bambu and Palace Punta Cana.The kids programs are the best at Riu Bambu, our daughter was few times at MiniClub at Bambu and had a good time, also we took her couple times to MiniDisco 8pm kids entertaiment at Bambu. Riu Macao also has some kids activities but not that many. The night entertaiment is pretty good, we loved Michael Jackson show. Some remarks ... the performers have pantyhoses with holes and it looks cheap - seat a bit far away - you won't see it :-). The earopeans don't have advanced anti-smoking policies and it's seriously impacting life for non-smoking peaple (and the kids) in the bars and the shows. The restourants have separate smoking tables and you almost don't feel this problem when dining. So, for the evening shows we went to RIU Palace Punta Cana with a half-open theater and more advancedventilation system. We also found out that the life entertaiment (dancing with the ocean breeze ) before the show is also much better at that new resort.Another positive experience: the flight to Toronto, Canada was scheduled at 9:15pm. The pick up time was 5:15pm, check out at 5pm (the hotel management did not have any problems with that) - 4 hours before the flight. We decided to stay in the hotel longer, checked out at 6:30pm, had a dinner and arrived to the airport by taxi (35 min- $35). We could not belive: few peaple from our hotel who left at 5:20pm still were checking in their luggage. It was worth paying for the taxi ... By the way the flight back home and the landing were very good - thank you SkyService!I tried to be objective and listed things that may be helpful for the guests and for the hotel itself (to improve). We defenetly had a great vacation and want to thank all peaple who contributed - we will consider coming again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Regular_Riu_Users
<Content>Best holiday we have ever had !!!       Beautiful beaches  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NikkiDLite_7
<Content>Awful This was my worst vacation ever. I have traveled to the caribbean many times and this was the worst. This was so bad,we were originally scheduled to stay 4 nights, but were so disgusted, we checked out the very next day and went to the Riu Palace Punta Cana instead (not much better). Furthermore, I have never written a review, good or bad; but after this experience, I felt compelled for the first time to do so. Here we go:FRONT DESK: No one speaks English. At a 4/5 star hotel you would expect for the éˆ¥æ¸’eyéˆ¥?employees (front desk, bartenders, etc) who have the most contact with the guests should at least be bilingual. Even asking for basic things was very difficult. You either never received what you requested or it took at least 3 tries for them to understand that the telephone in your room is working. The key to the room and safe were éˆ¥æ¸ctual keyséˆ¥? so you were forced to walk around the entire resort everyday with 2 keys and the key for the safe actually had a string attached as if you wanted to walk around with a key around your neck.RESORT: old, smelly, extremely out-dated. The elevator can only fit 2 people at a time. The ceiling of the elevator was only about 5éˆ¥?éˆ¥?and it was very bumpy. We decided to take the stairs instead.DRINKS: Not at all top shelf and the choices were limited. AMBIENCE/ATMOSPHERE: There were no atmosphere and ambience what so ever. The lobby area and bar areas didn't even play soft background music. If it wasn't for the spanish speaking staff and the beach, I wouldn't have known I was in the caribbean.ROOM: DISGUSTING odor EXTREMELY outdated. Very old furniture, hard mattresses, plastic feeling sheets. Upon check-in, we discovered our telephone and television werenéˆ¥æª› working. It took 4 walks back and forth to the front and 24 hours for our telephone to get fixed. As we were checking out the next day, they were arriving to our room with a replacement television.FOOD: Disgusting. Upon check-in, we asked the front desk if we should reserve a table as we were told the dining room will assign you the same table for dinner each night. We were told by the front desk that we can sit anywhere and no need to reserve a table. So, we go to dinner and were seated. Once our drink orders were taken we proceed to get some éˆ¥æ¸„isgustingéˆ¥?food from the buffet. As we approached our table with our plates, we find someone sitting in our seats and our belongings had been changed to a different table. We were told by the couple who were in our seats (because the waiter was unable to explain) that they were assigned to that table. Did we not ask the front desk if we should reserve a table?ENTERTAINMENT/ACTIVITIES: There is absolutely NOTHING to do in the evenings. RESULT: We were so disgusted by everything, we checked out of the Macao the very next day and checked into the Riu Palace Punta Cana (not much better)OVERALL: The worst vacation I have EVER been on. Definitely not 4 star. 2 star at best. These travel companies, example, Liberty Travel really need to reevaluate their rating for this hotel because it is FAR from 4 star status for MANY reasons.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>katierunxc1
<Content>A Great Vacation We just returned from a wonderful week-long stay at the RIU Palace Macao. We arrived early last Friday after an easy morning of travel. An Apple Vacations van picked us up from the airport and the drive to the resort was about 40 minutes. There are five all-inclusive RIU hotels confined within the gated resort area so there is never a time when you do not feel safe. Two members of our party ventured outside of the gate one morning and there is really nothing there so I recommend just enjoying all that there is to offer on the inside. Let me first begin by commenting on the food because there is a lot of it. The food and service was exceptional. The breakfast and dinner buffet at El Patio has pretty much any kind of food you could imagine. The fresh fruit and variety of cheeses are muy deliciosos. Lunch is a little more limited. As Palace Macao guests we were lucky because you could eat at all of the surrounding RIUs for breakfast and lunch except for the new Palace Punta Cana. Making reservations for some of the specialty restaurants is a little difficult. Like a previous poster said, the specialty restaurants fill up rather quickly. The buffet is just as good as any, however. Three members of our party went to the Japanese restaurant and the consensus was that the chicken was good but pretty much everything there could have been found at the buffet. The Japanese restuarant or Kabuki waiters even walk into the buffet's kitchen to retrieve the food. Also, take note of the presentation of food. It is quite remarkable to see how intricately designed each piece is. The beach was great. The water was an ideal temperature that felt a little cool upon entering but very comfortable after floating for a little while. The time there really flies by. It is easy to find available chairs and cushions are available to make you even more comfortable (if that is possible). If the sun gets too intense for you, there are plenty of palm trees that provide the ultimate shade, quite convenient for reading a book and relaxing. While lying on the beach, take note of the action taking place in the water. Parasailers, kayakers, paddle boats, catamarans, and even this strange looking boat that flies, all pass by continuously. We even saw a pelican flying around the beach two days in a row. Many of the water sports are available for no fee so take advantage of them. There are also intense volleyball games that take place several times throughout the day for the competitive guests. If for some reason the beach does not keep you occupied, many people sit around the pool. The pool is nice and wide but I feel as though some of the neighboring hotels have nicer pools. If possible, make the short walk to the bamboo or other neighboring hotels to check out the swim-up bar. Nonetheless, water aerobics and pool games will keep you entertained while at the other pools or the one at the Palace Macao. The night entertainment is also wonderful. There is a show every night at about ten o'clock. The Michael Jackson one was a favorite of ours. One night they had a carnival on the Caribbean Street, which is just a short walk from the Palace. There is also a casino which is fun and a discoteca, which we did not go to. The room is the only portion of the vacation that we could find fault with. It was ready when we arrived on Friday, which was before noon, and they even told us that we had received an upgrade and that we were now facing the pool. I think that some manipulation was taking place. Our room was situated on the top floor of the building, and pretty much every room has the same view. We realized that our a/c was not working the first day and the front desk was very friendly about sending a mechanic up to check it out. The mechanic came to our room and appeared to be doing some maintenance work and told us that it would work now but it never functioned properly for the whole week we were there. Several people on our level did not have air either and most relocated to another room because it was so hot at night. Advice: if you are on the 3rd floor (4th including the lobby) and your air is not working, asked to be switched immediately. They do have air, but apparently not in many of the rooms of the 4th level. Additionally, the water basically just plops out of the shower. In other words, there is not really much water pressure, in our room anyways. The door to our refrigerator also fell off several times. Although these may seem like minor flaws, we felt that they collectively made for a less than 6 golden star rating. Other words of advice: -do not tip until the end of the week -bring a lot of ones because they are very useful for tip money and it is hard if not impossible to get american dollars once you run out. You will receive pesos (100 pesos= about 3 american dollars). -do not forget to pack long pants if you are a male because they are required for dinner -come with some knowledge of the spanish language. Atleast know the basics (please-por favor, thanks- gracias, more-mas, no more, eso es todo or no mas, por favor, etc.) -make use of the path near the beach to check out the neighboring hotels. The lobby of the Punta Cana RIU is pretty spectacular so take the short walk to the left and right of the Palace to see the other hotels. -enjoy your stay; the week truly does fly by so make the most of it!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>FunVACALori
<Content>Not bad Arrival: We had no problems with the front desk and were quickly escorted to our rooms without incident.Rooms: Overall, they were average, or maybe a bit below average. I was a little disappointed that our room did not have a king sized bed. It had two fulls pushed together. The sheets did not fit and always seemed to slide off of the mattress. The room was cool enough and we had no problems with the air conditioning. My biggest complaint was the shower. They are very small and the curtain seemed to attack you as you were bathing. Quite disgusting considering that I doubt they clean them often. Another problem that we had was the hot water. It seemed to change temperature five-six times while taking a shower. It was too hot, then too cold, etc. Minibar: Diet pepsi, pepsi, orange soda, mineral water, and a gallon of water...filled occasionally. I am a big diet soda drinker and during the whole week, I pretty much had what I wanted 5/7 days. They also have four bottles of alcohol attached to the wall so you could make your own drinks but we didn't bother.Roomservice: Don't order the nachos (stale) or the club sandwich, that's all I have to say about that. They were both disgusting!Restaurants: This was my absolute biggest complaint. Breakfast was good. They have typical American fare and some Dominican cuisine. The fresh fruit juice is amazing. The only option available is the buffet and it is the same every day. Lunch was HORRIBLE!!! The only option available yet again is buffet. I don't mind it for breakfast, but it gets annoying around lunchtime. They also have the same thing everyday. This is basically pizza (not bad), fries (OK), burgers (disgusting!!!), hotdogs, fruit, bread, and different types of pasta/seafood salads. I attempted to make my own salad one day but they really only have lettuce and tomato slices for a salad. The only option for dressing was thousand island. Basically, it stunk. AND, there was only one restaurant open. I absolutely hated lunch and we ended up skipping it.Dinner was good. The buffet has a lot of options for everyone, and we ended up eating there twice, enjoying it both times. They have a pasta station, and different meats. The menu changes slightly every night, which is nice. Steakhouse was good and I was delighted to discover that they actually had Caesar salads that were quite good. My husband and I don't do Japanese and the Italian restaurant only had dishes with cream sauce or seafood (my husband doesn't eat either). Basically, if you are on a diet don't eat here. Everything that I ate was cooked in grease or butter. Be prepared to be hot since men are required to wear pants.Pool: Never hard to find a chair, well maintained, and beautiful. No swim up bar and the bathrooms are a bit of a hike (they are towards the back of the pool bar).Beach: Beautiful. A bit of sea grass but overall it was gorgeous.Bars: Best bar was the main lobby. Drinks are really good. I am not into top shelf liquor, so that didn't bother me. The frozen drinks made up for it and were delicious. They also have salted peanuts as a snack. Try the Mama Juana. It's a Dominican run that is awesome sipped alone. Yovanney is the best bartender.Excursions: Don't do Bavaro splash or the catamarans (three hour bus drive from hotel, they don't tell you that). We attempted to go to a Dominican restaurant called Jellyfish. Paul in the main lobby suggested another restaurant called Langosta Caribe. I said that this was fine with me. After a 20$ cab ride, it was closed. I was NOT happy!!! We ended up paying another $20 to get to Jellyfish, and $20 for the return home. Casino: Very SMALL.Overall, it wasn't bad for the price we paid. I tend to focus on the negative because it's just there. We had a nice time on the vacation and the staff was very nice. I really think Paul made an honest mistake. The worst part for me was the whole 3 buffets a day. I just can't deal with that!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>livinlife565
<Content>We loved the Riu Palace Macao Punta Cana! My husband and I just got back from staying at the Riu Palace Macao Punta Cana. After reading some of the reviews, I was a little anxious about our vacation. However, I have to say that we had a great time! The hotel is beautiful, the service is fantastic and the food and drinks were great!Airport- When you get inside the airport in Punta Cana, you are charged a 10 dollar fee to enter the country. Be sure and have exact change. I had read on this website that the airport restroom was filthy so I was a little nervous about using it. The restroom was clean. After getting our luggage, several men offered to drive us to our hotel. If you have already arranged transportation to the hotel, bypass these people and look for the kiosk that has the name of your transportation on it. Although the hotel is only 18 miles from the airport, it took us about 40 minutes to get there because there were other people on our bus that needed to be dropped off and there are also a lot of speed bumps that slow the driver down.Room-When we got to the Riu Palace, I asked for a room overlooking the pool. We were on the first level once you get on the elevator. Our room had a balcony and a gorgeous view. Our room did not have the musty smell that some people complain about. I had brought candles and room freshener because of the complaints that I had read but didn't need to use any of them. Our bed was also very comfortable. We had 2 queen beds that were pushed together. It was very clean, comfortable and like I said, a great view!Food- I can't understand why some people complain about the food! I am a very picky eater. My husband and I ate at the buffet every night but one. There are so many choices- salads, beef, chicken, seafood, any kind of sidedish, desserts, etc. The food was fantastic! My husband had various types of fish, chicken, beef, etc. He and I also had fresh pasta that they cooked right there for you with your choice of sauce. I had beef tenderloin, chicken stir fry, steak wrapped in bacon, etc. The side dishes varied from night to night. The meat was very tasty and well cooked. The morning buffet included all kinds of pastries, french toast, fresh omelets made to order (by Marvin).The dining room reminded me of a cruise dining room. It was decorated with fancy fruit decorations and the waiters wear a tie and jacket. The night that we didn't eat at the buffet we ate at the steak restaurant. My husband and I had a delicious meal there as well. You do need to make reservations in the morning at the podium inside the buffet restaurant if you want to eat at one of the other restaurants.Service-The service at the hotel was wonderful. In the dining room, at the buffet, you sit at the same table every night. We had a fantastic waiter named Villy. He made sure our wine glass, water glass, etc was always full. Like I said, the service was wonderful everywhere at the hotel. We even received two phone calls from the front desk asking us how our stay was going and if we needed anything. The people at the bar and in the restaurants are so nice and aim to please. We took the advice of another person who wrote a review and brought with us one hundred one dollar bills. We tipped often in the dining room, at the bar and left tips for the lady who cleaned our room. I also brought some little gifts to give to the lady cleaning our room. I know you don't have to tip but we were told that the people working in the resorts only make around 5-7 dollars a day. When we tipped, they were SO appreciative! For the most part, the people who run the front desk, wait on tables and work at the bar, they speak pretty good English. Only the lady who cleaned our room spoke no English. Entertainment-The entertainment at the Palace was somewhat boring. We watched a show and some dancing. The third night, we walked down to the Bambu hotel. There is a sidewalk behind the hotel that runs parallel with the beach that you can walk on to get you to all of the other hotels. The entire hotel complex is gated so it is very safe. At the Bambu, we sat at the bar and watched the show. It is a lot more lively and a lot more fun. They have a menu with about 15 different specialty drinks to choose from or you can pick something else. They also make fresh mojitos. We spent the rest of the nights at the Bambu for entertainment. We had a great time with the waiters at the Bambu bar as well. During the day, we went to the Bambu to enjoy the swim up pool bar. We never did check out the other hotels because we were perfectly content with what the Palace and Bambu had to offer.Beach-The beach was very nice. The water was warm and had lots of waves. The sand was very smooth and not rocky. Again, because of the reviews on here, I was concerned about not getting a chair on the beach. My husband and I got out on the beach around 10:00 every morning and there were plenty of chairs.The chairs are everywhere for miles down the beach. There also some topless women on the beach. Casino- The casino is small. There are two blackjack tables, one roulette table, one carribean poker table and a few other tables. There are around 30 slot machines. They are old machines that only take quarter tokens. I had some luck on a nickel machine called Aladdin that was located to the left when you walk in. I won about 300.00 on it. Finally, our vacation at the Riu Palace Macao was fantastic. Please feel free to email me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Loonybat
<Content>What a great place!       The beach and the hotel  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vanessad678
<Content>Amazing, Relaxing Vacation I had an absoultely wonderful time when I went to the Riu Palace Macao! I would really recommend it to everyone! The hotel is beautiful and has everything that you would need! AIRPORT: Getting there was fine, but leaving another story! Took longer to get to the airport because of the traffic. They made us wait in the bus for almost 30 mins, so that the bus driver's baggage carrier friends could take our stuff to the departure desk which was only a 1 minute walk away! People on the bus got pissed and demanded to get off. You are expected to tip well if they take your bags. They are very determined to carry your bag.ROOM: The room was very good. Had a small fridge with water and pop. There was a drink dispenser in the wall, tv, small hair dryer, A/C (worked well). There were two huge beds put together and two arm chairs and a table. My boyfriend ordered room service every night. They had a small but good menu. I think food could be ordered until 11. Large closet and safe. Don't leave money out as the maid will take it for tip. LOL I recommend small tips each day, as the people that work at the resort alternate shifts.MEDICAL FACILITY: There is a doctor and pharmacy at the Caribbean Street. The Pharmacist didn't speak very good english, but still gave me the correct prescription. POOL: The pool is nice as well, but I preferred the Riu Bamboo pool because it was more lively and had a swim up bar and waterfall. You can always visit the other hotels pools. But the Riu Macao had a nice hot tub. It was hidden inside trees like a canopy. The water really wasn't warm though. The only thing I didn't like was that you couldn't swim at night. FOOD: The food was excellent. They had special meal nights and also different events going on everyday. They also had four restaurants for dinner. You must make reservations early (for the specialty restaurants) and I think you can book a few days in advance. The buffet is always available. The grill closest to the pool got really hot at dinner time because of the temperature and cooking inside. My boyfriend felt too hot also b/c he had to wear pants. The drinks are good. They had a lot of variety. THINGS TO DO: Make sure to visit Caribbean Street and if you walk towards Riu Naiboa, there are some shops there that you can get some really great deals. It's a little sketchy. I found the resort to be nice and comfortable. Riu Palace Punta Cana was worth taking a look at, but was so fancy I felt I needed to dress up if I stayed there. I went to the Animal Adventure Park. Make sure you ask the events planner. They never mentioned anything about it during the excursions lecture. They had a booth at Riu Bamboo. Was worth going as you could swim with the sea lions, play with monkeys, watch a bird show, swim with nurse sharks, pet a baby lion, star fish and sea cucumbers. The drive to get there takes about 1 hour and was really bumpy. The facility was nice. They take your picture at the various places and you have the option to pay for the expensive pics. Bring your camera! Some extra fees to swim with sea lions and nurse sharks as well. Some other people I have talked to recommended the catamaran trip to this island near by. Perhaps look into that. BEACH: The beach is wonderful! Nice white sand and clear water! Excellent! Much better than Puerto Plata. PRICE: I booked my trip around One and a half to two months prior and the trip was $1100 CAD pp with tax and ins. So I thought a fairly decent price. I am looking forward to going to Riu Place Arruba. I would like to stay at the other Riu resorts.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hangthedj26
<Content>Anywhere but here First off, this hotel is NOT 24 hours all inclusive. Once the restaurants close and room service ends at 11, there's nothing to eat but mystery meat hot dogs and hamburgers that sit out by the pool until 2 am. There is a huge communication barrier because the resort caters mostly to European tourists. The beach is basically a topless beach, so this isn't really a family resort. The staff for the most part is not really helpful, and are downright rude at times.Food: The buffet was somewhat edible. I'm not that much of a snob and went with 5 guys who basically will eat anything, and we were forced to subsist on french fries and sub-par pasta. The meats were always questionable, and the room service was inedible, sandwiches and stale nachos (stale tortilla chips with cold cheeze whiz). The reservation system was annoying too. If you didn't make your reservations between 7-10 am that day, you were stuck with the buffet. Even if you went to make reservations, by 9 am most restaurants are full.Grounds: The hotel itself is pretty to look at and the beach is incredible, but the service and the food were so lacking that its not really worth it.Drinks: Awful. There was rarely blended ice in the mixed drinks. Stick to beer and rum and cokes.Excursions: DO NOT book excursions with the hotel beds representative (MAYA) located in the front lobby of the hotel. We went on this Laguna de limon tour which costed 100 dollars per person. We were promised a scenic drive up a mountain, a swimming at untouched beaches, cigar rolling and lobsters. Fine, the mountain view was nice, but the beach was far from untouched (the hotel beach wa much nicer). There was styrofoam and cups everywhere. We were forced to spend about an hour or two in gift shops. The tour guide did not give any information on any of the sights, the lobster was cooked at least a day before and was inedible, and they claimed that a group of 5 could only roll 2 cigars. We paid 100 dollars so that each of us could roll a cigar. The worst however was being forced to watch a cockfight. This was not included in the brochure and when we went back to confront the Hotel Beds rep about it, all Maya could say was, but there was no blood. I can understand if it was in the brochure or explained to us before going on the tour. Aside from my personal feelings about animal cruelty, I don't like paying for things or being subjected to things that were not advertised in the brochure. And guess what?! There was blood. There was a bloodied featherless chicken getting its butt kicked (not my idea of an excursion).Additional things that can't be categorized include: the one towel per day rule; the maids coming into your rooms at all times of the day and/or night, even if the do not disturb sign was up. The room constatly smelled like mildew and the maids would turn all the power off everyday. Sucks when you have an alarm clock that has to be reset every two hours.Please spend your money elsewhere. Go to Mexico, go to Jamaica, go to the Bahamas, or the Virgin islands or Aruba. I will never return to the DR again, ever.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>wrigleyAtlanta
<Content>Great experience Visited the Riu Palace Macao in May. Some of the reviews are way off. First of all, my girlfriend loved it so therefore I loved it.This is a long beach with many resorts dotted along the way. They all share the same beach. Like I said, it's long and appears quite safe. I stayed in a garden room and upgraded to a beach view room before my girlfriend arrived. To tell you the truth, we didn't spend much time on the balcony but I guess the beach view was nice. It's not too expensive to upgrade. Why should you stay here? Well, like I said, my girlfriend liked it and she walked some of the other properties. She said I made a good decision, so that made me quite happy). It's smaller which I was concerned about before arriving but after the experience I think smaller is better. You do have a chance to interact with other guests and it is easier for the resort to pay attention to details. As far as activities, there's a shop down on the beach and representatives in the lobby for anything you could do at any another hotel. Snorkel, horses, etc. etc. etc.We went on the Santo Domingo trip. It's ALL day (7am to 9pm) and alot of time is on the bus... enough said. Still, I think the dominican trip would be incomplete without it. It gives you some history and perspective. And they do stop for some shopping. Ah, it's okay. When you're on the bus you keep thinking maybe you shouldn't have done it and especially when it gets late but afterwords, it seems worthwhile.We both thought the food was good. I thought the main buffet was as good as or better than the theme restaurants. Sushi was kind of like bazzaro world sushi... entertaining. Okay, I do admit we were still hungry after sushi but it was entertaining. The buffet is really pretty good and a couple nights really stood out. One night they had a good seafood selection and another they had a great beef selection. They do a good job with it! Some of the fufu drinks aren't good, some are. The beer is just like beer. Rum and coke, just like rum and coke. The rooms are okay, nothing bad. The pool is fine and not too crowded. It gets hot hot hot around the pool because there isn't much breeze there. I liked between the pool and beach because there's plenty of shade and plenty of breeze. Take two drinks and zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Oh yeah, the people were a mix of US  Canada, German or Dutch, French, or Russian in that order. Interesting to people watch, very interesting to try to tell where people are from before you hear them speak or observe which book they are reading.The domican experience quite pleasent. The people were great, 90-95% great people. Not too pushy but looking to make a deal. wink wink We'll go back, definately... it's a super value. When we do go back which I think will be in October, I'll do the following based on my experience:- go on the island trip- be more disiplined with spending, we bought a lot of stuff.- make sure you bring enough cash. ATMs not around every corner, but everwhere takes plastic.- brush up on my spanish. just to impress)sometimes long distance cell phone service is unavailable during peak times 3pm-6pm so keep that in mind. the resort does have a computer center open for a good range of hours. the computers are loaded with skype, i think, and have headsets.overall, i came with a set of expectations and concerns. none of the concerns were realized and the expectations were exceeded by 2-5 times. divide what they deliver for what you pay and there isn't a better value or experience on this earth, imho.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mikez68
<Content>A Party in Paradise! Not sure about some of the negative reviews abaout the Macao. 17 of us went and we all loved it. Food: Great, especially the buffet. hundreds of items to choose from and every night there were many different dishes. I'm not a fish eater, but I'll try anything and the fish filets and calamari were outstanding. All other meats were just as good. Fresh fruit, cheese, breads, pastas - everything was freshly made and high-quality. Some had some mild stomach issues but with all of the sun, booze and different foods we were eating, who knows what the cause was.Rooms: Needs a little updating but overall they were very clean. No thin, skimpy towels, or sub-par toiletries here like some of the reviews state. Pool: Very nice, needs a little updating but it'd not in bad shape. A bar is right there and free-ice cream cones are avaialable poolside all daY!Beach: Clean and safe, no locals bother you, anbd there are hundreds of palm tress if you want to lay in the shade. Staff: Very friendly, attentive and responsive to our needs. Alcohol: Plenty of it, and all top-shelf. Beer, water and soda for free in the minibar, and an alcohol dispenser with brandy, rum, gin and vodka is in every room! I've read review where people complain there was no miller light available. You are in the Dominican Republic so you get Dominican beer, which is very good I might add, so deal with it and enjoy!Activities: The activity team of Super John, Puff Daddy, Ray Ray, Evelyn and Claryce kept thngs lively at the pool and beach with volleyball, bocce ball, darts, archery, crazy games, aerobics, dance contests, etc. Entertainment: The activity team ran the shows at night as well and kept us entertained, there were audience participation contests, dance shows, a carribean carnivale, defintely never a dull moment. They do need to add some more music to their playlist because some of the songs were played over and over and over.Overall it was a great place, not perfect, but I've never stayed at a perfect resort.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lucdev666
<Content>Beautiful getaway spot The property is beautiful...I felt like I was on a cruise ship on land...the hotel was fun and very spacious....the city is a little crummy but with a beautiful beach like that, one can't complain....food is not good and don't drink the water  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>123goSt_Louis_Mo_
<Content>Please Read Before...... My wife and I are travel agents and have stayed at almost every Caribbean and Mexican resort imaginable. The Macao was nice but definately NOT a family resort. If gay and topless are your thing than this is the place for you. The food is typical European and does not compare to Mexico. The manager, Mario, was not much help. He either played ignorant or was anti-American. Beware of the language barrier. The tourists are 50% German, 30% French, and 20% American and Brit. Many of the staff are bi-lingual, but it is not Spanish-English. The rooms are nice, but very small showers and no purification system for the water as in Mexico. There is also an anti-American bias from the large Muslim population. We will not be recommending this resort to our customers. M  L St. Louis Mo.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Wubba
<Content>Loved the Beach! We stayed at the RIU palace Macoa April 1- 8th. Great weather. no rain, very Hot but a constant breeze helped. The hotel was wonderful. Very well kept but the pool was too small for the hotel size. We spent most of our time on the beach because it's the most beautiful one you can imagine. Everyone was very friendly and helpfull.Great food always something to eat and drink. Insulated cup was the best thing we had considering how hot it was. Were going back this November for our third trip to the Dominican and will be staying at a different place just because we like to try new places. All the negative reviews you read disregard because Punta Cana is heavenly. Michiganders from Bay City.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>drtraveller
<Content>****Absolutely loved it ***** We just returned from the Riu Palace Macao on July 20. We stayed for 1 week. (family of 4) We travel to the caribbean 2 times a year and have been to the DR more than a dozen times.Our room which was upgraded to a suite was more than adequate. It had a living room, small dining area, wrap around balcony and large washroom with a bidet. The water pressure was good and shower was great. Also robes were provided, It was clean and there was no smell what so ever. I found the maid to be very accommodating as well as most of the other staff. Our room was made up by 9:30am every morning. I dont understand how people can still complain when this resort is so accommodating and tries to help whenever they can! Yes, the power does go out on the island at times and is of no fault to the resort.The food was very good for all meals. There was always something to eat and the wait staff never let your glass go empty or was always there to clear the table.The pool was large and warm. It was alot of fun if you were sociable since we found it to be a friendly place to hang out at. Yes it was hot there but this is the caribbean and if you dont want to bake then go elsewhere.The beach is spectacular and you can walk and walk and walk.The lobby bar was great at any time of the day for drinks and piano music. All in all I can't fault this resort for anything. If you didn't ask then you didn't get. Ignore the silly complaints and look at the big picture. This is truly a great resort and I would reccommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ljflipflop
<Content>Best part of our D.R. vacation We just returned from 5 days at the Riu Palace Macao. This resort was the highlight of our stay in the Dominican Republic. We began our vacation with 2 days next door at the Riu Bambu but quickly realized that particular hotel was absolutely not what we were looking for. We have traveled in several all inclusive resorts throught the Carribean (Riviera Maya and multiple times in Jamaica). We have even stayed at the Riu Palace in Ocho Rios. The Riu Palace Macao was definately in our top 2-3 of the resorts we have visited.  ROOM- The room was very comfortable and clean. Plenty of space for me, my husband and our 8 year-old son. There was never a problem with the air conditioning. The room was wonderfully cool, even when returning from the beach/pool in the afternoon. My husband is a big guy, and I am seven months pregnant. We were both very comfortable with the temprature of our room. The beds are comfy, especially when coming from the rock-hard beds at the Bambu.SERVICE-Wonderful! The Palace Macao staff make you feel like a guest and an appreciated guest at that. The manager spoke to us at least three times during our stay to ask how things were going and if we needed anything.FOOD-Good for an all-inclusive. We ate at the buffet for every meal because it was easy for us and our son to find things we all liked. There was never a time during the day that we wanted food and could not find it. If the main buffet is closed, the poolside and beachfront restaurants were available. The ice-cream machine by the pool is nice also. Just be aware men MUST have long pants for the buffet dinner. This is unusual compared to most all inclusives.POOL-Very nice and not crowded. Only a few shallow areas but that is a few more than the Bambu had next door. My son was even much happier with this pool. The fountains are nice to watch and fun for the kids. We met several very nice people from the USA to talk to while we were there. The ping-pong tables and poolside games are also nice entertainment.BEACH-Gorgeous! The last day we were there was the first day of beautiful weather in several days (lots of rain) so the beach was incredibly crowded. We still found 3 chairs with our choice of sun or shade. My son and husband attempted to Parasail. The price was reasonable, but unfortunately it was cancelled the first day due to weather and on the second day the boat broke while they were out waiting their turn to Parasail so they never actually got to do it. I did not think the people attempting to book the water sports were pushy. A simple no thank-you was sufficient. There again being quite pregnant may have bought me some disinterest from the water sports staff.EXCURSIONS- We were limited to our choices in excursions (or at least I was). We did do the Animal Adventure park where my husband and son got to swim with a Sea Lion. That was one of the highlights of the trip. They have a great bird show. Several other animals you can see, hold, and make pictures with. Nice half-day trip but it can get hot so take lots of water. We also did the Carribean Festival boat/snorkling. This was a lot of fun. My 8 year-old even enjoyed the dancing and music on the boat. Some of the nicest snorkeling we've done and they even give you food so you can feed the fish and bring them closer to you. I sat out the snorkling with the sharks and sting-rays but my husband and son really enjoyed. Both trips were worth the money. A note of advice. Most of the transportation to and from the excursions are open-air vehicles but not air-conditioned.Overall the Riu Palace Macao saved what could have been a miserable experience if we had been stuck next door at the Bambu. We did have some issues with the D.R., mostly airport and customs stuff (Don't buy the bottle of Mamajuana without the rum in it. You will either have to buy rum from the shack convieniently located across the walkway from customs or have the bottle conviscated by D.R. customs on your departure.) IF we ever go back to the D.R. I would definately return to the Riu Palace Macao.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mike_y_katty
<Content>Riu Palace Macao delivers again       Balcony View  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dave8008
<Content>A palace? hmmmm First off: The resort is beautiful, incredible scenery, landscape and first class beaches and rooms. The hotel rooms are comparable to 4 star resorts. Felt very safe there. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly.Food: ehhh. I would say it was edible at times, fair to poor most times, however, it's not any better at the other Riu's we snuck into or sampled in this resort complex. Stick to the buffet as you are bound to find at least one item you can tolerate. The British and Germans raved about the food and couldn't stop taking pictures of the buffet, but in the US, The Golden Corral beats this buffet morning, noon and night and I'm not a huge Golden Corral fan, but that's what level you are dealing with.Drinks: Awful, every bar served drink, unless it is frozen. Frozen was good. The mojito tasted like jet fuel.Service: Excellent, but there is a huge language barrier, better know how to speak Spanish, French or German.Nuisance: It's all inclusive, but the pay-for sea sports people are everywhere hitting you up. The country is very poor, leaving the resort is not appealing. The other pain in the rear was scheduling dinner, which must be done between 7a and 10a of the same day and the dinner restaurants confine you to an all out bad meal or semi-edible meal. Stick to the buffets at the general restaurant. There are snacks 24hours a day, you just better know where to go, because they are not in the same place. Favorite thing: The beach, although I sat in at least 4 broken lounge chairs while I was there, but the ice cream cones all day long near the pool are great and the pool at the macao is the best.Casino: Nice, I won. Watch out for the 'house' games they try to lure you into.In my opinion, this is the best Riu property out of all of them in Punta Canna, but the food is not good, unless you are from Britain I guess. This is a very European geared resort and we are not snobs, because we eat fast food in the US and great meals at fine restaurants and we travel the Carribean often. If you can stay here cheap and for no more than 4 days, you are in good shape. The region is years from becomiing a major player against other places like the Caymans or Bahamas. An American resort could come in here and destroy the competition, but there must be a good reason they have not at this point.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>skipperdog-7
<Content>No thanks The Riu is not a 5 star resort. I have traveled a lot and let me tell you it isn't even close to being a 5 star.Lobby: Beautiful open air lobby with polished wood.Pool: Small. The apron is tiled with dark grey stone that gets so hot your feet will sizzle if you dare step on it after 10:00AM. It also radiates heat upward threatening to cook you if you try to sit there.Room: Smells like mildew. Cigarette burns and holes in the bedspread. Furniture is all banged up. No potable water in the room, except for bottled. Use bottled water to brush your teeth and keep your mouth closed when you shower. My husband left his mouth open in the shower and got 2 weeks of diarrhea for that.Comfort: The power kept going out all the time we were there. This means that the toilets didn't flush. Not good. Especially when someone in your room is sick.The air conditioner only cooled the room to lukewam. The staff shuts off your air as soon as you leave so that when you come back from the beach and are looking forward to a cool, comfortable room, your room is stifling hot and stinks from the mildewed mop they use to clean it.Everything always felt wet in our room.View: Ocean view means anywhere the ocean is visible even if it is just a sliver of it. The balcony had chairs on it which was a nice touch.Front Desk Service: Okay. Not stellar.Towel service: You only get one towel with your towel card. You have to turn in the towel to get another. One day I asked for two so I could sit on one and dry myself with another. He gave me the extra towel, but when I went into the water I saw him take it from our umbrella area.Restaurant service: Very good. The servers are nice and polite as are the people preparing the food.Food: Not good. The cold foods sit on platters on chilled plates on the buffet. They get beaded with moisture because the room is so hot and humid. So the cheeses and cold cuts were wet and not appetizing. I also think they refill the wine bottles with watered down wine. You can't get a hamburger or a hotdog. The steak was awful. There is no food available except at mealtimes, no matter what they tell you in the brochures. The pizza, when we went to get it, wasn't free, even though we were told it was supposed to be.There was a parade of ants climbing into the bread table three mornings out of 5.Drinks: Awful. Just awful. All we wanted was a frozen strawberry margarita like we had in Cancun. When we requested this we were given a martini glass full of red liquid (no ice) that tasted like Smarties with cheap tequilia on them. Stick to beer. The wines and mixed drinks are terrible.Security: Terrible. A man yelled at us on the beach because he was trying to sell us something and we didn't buy it and we didn't get him the beer he was begging us for. He actually wanted us to get him free beer from the beach bar. We were besieged with aggressive people trying to sell us excursions and bad jewelry. You couldn't relax.The person cleaning our room stole two shirts from us, and opened all our medications and removed almost all the pills from the bottles. I hurt myself on the last day of our stay and went to get some pain killers and realized they'd been stolen. I had to buy one 800mg ibprofen tablet from some place they sent us and it was $8.00 US. Keep your ibuprofen in the safe. Hopefully they don't have a key to that, but I wouldn't be too sure.Beach: Absolutely beautiful. Bring some bread into the water and feed the fish. It's fun and makes for great pictures.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>BettyBoopy
<Content>Extraordinary Simply Fabulous!!! We loved our vacation!! The Riu Palace-Macao is Beautiful and the staff treated us like Royalty. We love Paul..he is so intelligent and spoke at least 8 different languages. Another person we would like to mention is DeJesus. He made all the shows so much more enjoyable with his dancing and moves.Then on the beach he kept everything going from playing volleyball, aerobics and contests. Two other people we would like to mention is Simone  Izabella from the dining room.They always made sure we had everything we wanted. Everyone here is always smiling  are upbeat. They sure have changed our outlook on life. Everyone is so nice, happy and they truly care about all their guests. The Riu Palace-Macao always had something going on where as the The Riu Palace had nothing going on after 7:00 pm. Therefore we had couples that would come to enjoy everything from shows, the casino and an all around good time at the Riu Palace-Macao. We would say for a wonderful vacation to make memories go to the Riu Palace-Macao....We know we are going back. We loved it !!Jimmy, Betty Jo, Ryan  Amber  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jmj606
<Content>Incredible Vacation except the Casino This was our first experience at an all-inclusive resort and my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our seven-day at the Riu Palace Macao. The pool and the beach were spacious and never crowded. The spa at the beach offered wonderful massages. My only surprise was the Casino. We found the rooms clean and comfortable, the food good, and the hotel staff was always friendly, cheerful, and eager to please. The beach was clean with snorkeling right off the beach. Of the five resorts within walking distance the Macao is the only one with a Casino. When we were looking a various locations for our vacation one of the things that interested me was the fact that the Macao had a Casino. I was looking forward to playing some Texas Hold'em poker. The Casino was smaller than I expected but it did have slot machines, although many were old and others were broken, and one table of most of the games you would expect find in a Casino. The Casino did not hold any Texas Hold'em tournaments but there was one cash game table. At a resort where the only local people I saw (in seven days) were hotel staff, the same three or four local Dominican Republic residents were playing Texas Hold'em every night. It didn't take long to realize that they were soft playing the tourists. They would check down hands if all the tourists had folded and would bet very aggressively if a couple tourists were still in the hand. I talked to several other people that saw the same thing happening. With three or four guys soft playing the tourists it affects the flow of a poker game. While most tourists would cash into the game with between $100 to $200 dollars the locals always had $500 to $1000 on the table. In a no limit Texas Hold'en game that made them the bullies of the table. That in its self would not have been a problem if it wasn't so obvious that they were slow playing the tourists. With these guys being the only non-staff locals on the resort some of us (tourists) wondered if they were actually Casino employees. I talked to several guys that felt like what should have been a friendly poker game with other tourists turned into a game between us (tourists) and the locals. The locals worked well together and were good at what they did.After having said all of that, my wife and I will and are looking forward to returning to the Riu Palace Macao for another vacation in the future.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>fishbowl
<Content>Wonderful cheap vacation This was a wonderful vacation for the price! We stayed at the Riu Macao at the end of May 2007 for five nights. The beaches are beautiful, and there was NOT alot of seaweed like many reviews stated. The weather was perfect at 90 F everyday. The hotel is lacking in real entertainment if you are in your 20-30s except to drink but if you are looking for a relaxing vacation this is great.The one drawback is the food. After 4 days of eating essentially the same meals you get a little sick of it, so for those who end up staying longer might want to consider other options for meals.There is no charge to use kyaks, and paddle boats. There are no annoying people selling things on the beach like in Acapulco. But by far go to the DR for the beach and the water.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rc53mm
<Content>Nice Hotel for a slow paced vacation I found this hotel to be of the quality Riu is know for. I stayed beginning on a Sunday and departing on a Friday. FOOD:What you would expect of an all inclusive hotel, but lacking on fresh vegetables. I enjoyed all the resturants that reservation are required and found no problems in making reservation.DRINKS:Seriously lacking. I tried almost every mixed drink offered on the menu and found them to not be suitable, thank goodness that I did not have to pay for them. It was such a disappointment that we drank beer, rum and coke, or vodka and 7up. ROOM  STAFF:I had no problems with the room and staff. Bartenders seemed a bit indifferent, but all the other employees were friendly and welcomingEXTRA:I found the found that the night club was not open until very late (1100PM) which really makes for a long day when most people start a 800AM. Pool and beach were never crowded and you could always find a nice spot. Thursday night they had a Carribbean Street Party. It is basically a showing of vendors and some dance exhibitions, but the hotel does have booth along the event for you to get a drink. The hotel uses Scuba Caribe for recreation activities: scuba, catamaran, snorkel, etc. Total disappointment WHY? it is impossible to get a catamaran for the same day because guest of three hotels are sharing the use of 4 catamarans. Scuba - they will tell you the can do it , they cant and won't. Snorkeling - the area they take you to is great, but on our trip 30+ minuntes were wasted when Scuba Caribe personnel failed to properly equip customers of snorkeling tour. We were not given additional time or refunded any portion of to fee. Like most other guest, I went to see the action at the larger Riu Palace liked it more. Most of Riu Macao's guest are in their mid 50's and therefore not too lively and resulted in our party nicknaming the resort as Nursing Home. WOULD I GO BACK? No, this is not due to the people or hotel, but due to the area in general. I found the DR lacked the Carribbean Vibe, but it is a place to go sit by a pool or at the beach and play cards, sleep, or read a book.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KARENandMICHAEL
<Content>Excellent Experience The Punta Cana beach is one of the best. White sand and clear water. There is always a nice cool breeze coming in from the water. There was ample places for Riu guests to relax on the beach.Nice and clean rooms with a mini bar at your disposal filled with alcohol, beer, soft drinks and water. Refilled everyday!The pool is ok, actually pretty small for the size of the resort. And no swim up bar, oh well. There were a number of places to eat exclusively for Riu Palace Macao which was nice, especially the restaurant right by the water. Make sure to book well ahead of time for lunch and dinner.The staff was always friendly and helpful, greeted you nearly everytime.Overall, great time and highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mcha
<Content>Favoirte Place in the Carribean We have been to Mexico, Jamaica and now the Dominican Republic...this by far is our favorite. We compare the beuty of the Dominican to Mexico (minus Montezuma which we got to experience) along with the wonderful service that we experienced in Mexico.We stayed for 7 nights at the end of May 2007. We absolutely loved the hotel! The RIU was extremely nice and well spread out. We were a little worried because the RIU complex is made up of 4 different resorts, but we did not experience overcrowding at all. It had some quirks about the buffett that we were not prepared for, but we adapted.Service: Wonderfull!!! They were very hard workers and were on top of their game. A wonderful breath of air compared to the service we recieved in Jamaica (even on the Sandals Resorts it was terrrible). We recieved a fruit plate on our first night there. Several nights we recieved turn down service, and they decorated our room for my 30th birthday leaving us a fruit plate, and a bottle of rum and a faceless doll.Beach: Gorgeous! Water was beutiful and calm. We were a little concerned being as it is on the oceanside, but you would think that you were in the Caribean Sea. The beach was very wide and you did not feel packed on top of each other. My favorite part was the numerous palm trees. They were everywhere, when you had too much sun you pulled your chair under one for the shade. Much prettier than the palapas. While walking the beach the RIU is one of the only resorts we saw with all of the palm trees along the beach.Food: The buffet got some getting used to. We are used to buffet's that you walk in anytime when they are open...This one has two seatings and you have to choose the first night either the early seating or the late seating. At 8pm the buffet closes for the first seating and no one else can enter until the second seating opens at 830pm (a little late for dinner). Toward the end of the week we realized it wasnt that big of a deal and went whenever was more convenient for us. The one thing that was ver yUNEXPECTED, maybe that was our fault but we didnt realize that the men were expected to wear long pants even at the buffet. Posed a minor problem for my boyfriend being as he only brought a few pair of long pants. We are used to buffets being able to wear shorts form men. We went to two al a carte resturants, we were actually more satisfied with going to the buffet.Rooms: Standard rooms, no complaints and nothing spectacular. Picture is included. Tours: We only took the Marinarium tour. WASTE OF MONEY. The snorkeling was terrible, with too many people. I kept getting kicked in the face and run into. We only recieved about 15 min. of snorkeling before we got the VAMOUS! into the shark tank. We got a little longer in there. The boat ride was ok, not really our speed with the dancing. The swim in the natural wading pool, also about 15 min. before we had to go. Just way too rushed and too much money for what we got.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jeff11
<Content>No! If you care about any of the following things do not stay here!1) Nice Room2) Good Food3) Nice poolThe beach is nice! We upgraded to the Punta Cana Palace and that was better...but not 5 star...I would seriously give the Macao 2 stars out of 5. I would give the Palace 3.5 out of 5. THESE ARE NOT GREAT HOTELS! THEY ARE AVERAGE!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>play22222
<Content>hated the mosquitoes, smelly mold, housekeepin took my cell phone the room smell like mold i got tons of mosquito bites from staying in the room and one of the staff took my cell the drinks were terrible dont come here go somewhere else  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>indofranco
<Content>Wonderful and Relaxing Time Wonderful place to stay. Very relaxing time. Beautiful beach. We were actually supposed to stay at one of the other RIU's but we were upgraded because they were overbooked at our original hotel. I must say that we were extremely lucky. We had not booked transportation (inadvertently) and were a little confused at the airport. We ended up taking a shuttle for about $35 U.S. dollars for 2 people. We also had a little bit of a problem trying to check in because we did not have any paper vouchers. We thought that the on-line booking would suffice. You should at least print out the on-line confirmation of your hotel reservation and bring it with you just in case. Other than these minor bumps in the road, we had an excellent time. My husband actually proposed on this trip on the beach at night and it was very very romantic!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	3	3	

<Author>2Dreamers
<Content>Macao is the best! My husband and I stayed at the Riu Palace Macao for 11 days in June. We were blown away by the cleanliness of the hotel facilities, by the warm and caring staff, and by the beauty of the beach! The atmosphere is warm and casual, but elegant. The other guests were of an older generation, so there was very minimal noise. The hotel and beach looked exactly like it did on their website, so we were actually very surprised when we got there. It exceeded all our expectations!The entertainment department needed a little work, but they were in the process of revamping their programming.We actually became friends for life with some of the staff and with some of the guests. Two staff members gave us gifts before we left. We just took a little time to get to know them.We plan on going back as often as we can. We viewed several of the surrounding hotels, and concluded that Riu Palace Macao had the best mix of luxury and casualty of anyone else.I hope you'll enjoy it as much as we did!Molly and Joel Stroud  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SAHESS
<Content>Riu Palace Macao Vacationed here May 19-27....Very nice resort..Not oversized...Grouped together with 4 other Riu resorts....Large pool gets busy sometimes and runs out of chairs although we would go to the beach in the morning ang pool in the afternoon...Pavers around pool burning hot in the afternoon (wear sandals).I'd give the food a C+ with breakfast being the best meal of the day....Excellent drink service at all the bars and good quality drinks...Entertainment staff really tried hard to be friendly with all guests...Johnny Bravo was funny as hell...The Michael Jackson show was pretty good but dragged on a little..Lunch at the Caribe Grille was good and its location near the beach is perfect..We would definitely come back to this place and recommend it highly to couples who want a quieter more laid back vacation..Only drawback was a large group of loud and obnoxious people from some housing project arrived and took over the pool....Lucky I had only 2 days left...Spent most time by the beautiful beach and ocean anyway..  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JJSHR
<Content>Great Stay for the Price I wanted to make sure to add a review as we just returned from a very nice vacation at the Macao.The service was great and we did not run into one unfriendly staff member at the resort. We brought lots of singles and tipped the servers, they work really hard as does the rest of the staff.The activity staff also deserves mention, they were alot of fun....look for Super John, Puff Daddy, Johnny Bravo, just to name a few. Entertainment was OK (but then is that what you are really going for????) We had alot of fun at the shows every night, the activity staff makes it great!Beach was one of the nicest I've been to. Nice to have great views of the ocean but stay in the shade of the palms. The water was very nice, not a lot of seaweed. You can walk the beach for miles, made for great exercise.Food was, for the most part, good. I never had anything terrible or saw anything scary or gross. I recommend The Caribe Grill for a beautiful dinner by the ocean. Only complaint was the bed in our room. The mattress was terribly uncomfortable. They should upate the beds.I would go back in a heartbeat........maybe next year ; )  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>poohbearpoohbear
<Content>Not a safe place I was at Riu palace Macao in May 2007 and the first night I was there I got attacked in the ladies bathroom. My sister and I went to the wash room and a guy came in and came after me. I pushed him away and he tried again, again I pushed him away. My sister was using the washroom so I told her to hurry up. I was so scared. I could not leave the washroom with my sister still in there. Before she came out of the washroom the same guy with another guy came back in the washroom. When I seen the two of them coming I got so scared. They both came after me and I kicked and screamed for them to leave me alone. I started to run to the door I pushed my way passed them and got to the door and opened it and started to scream help to the top of my lungs. They thank god ran out of the washroom. I keep screaming and no one came to see what was happening. I then went to the front desk which was not far from the washrooms. I ask them if they heard anyone yelling and screaming and they said yes. I asked why no one checked out as to why someone was yelling help and he just said I don't know. I then told him what happened and they did not do one thing. I was never so scared in all my life. It was the worst experience that I have every had. Being the first night I was there it really put a damper on the rest of my holiday. I was always looking over my shoulder, it was scary. I just can not believe that the resort did not do a thing. I do a bit of travelling and Dominican is one place that I well never go to again or well I every stay with Riu resorts again. If that is how they handle something like this I do not want to book with them again. There are to many good places to book with to book with a place that can not even take care of there clients. I just wanted to share this with you. I would not want what happened to me to happen to someone else.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>Dreamin23
<Content>Gorgeous Beach First off the cheapest place to book this particular hotel is Bookit.com. Also, I've read a lot of reviews that say to book your transfers before you arrive. Well we didn't and it was actually a few dollars cheaper. The airport was very easy to maneuver through and if you just bypass all the guys trying to take your luggage and go directly to the stand that says TAXI, it will cost you $33.00 to get to the hotel. (we had 2 in our party) We stayed here for 6 nights and loved it! The hotel is very pretty and intimate with only about 350 rooms. The rooms are very comfortable with your own mini bar filled with drinks and your own liquor dispenser in the hallway. The only complaint I have about the hotel is it is only 3 stories tall so you really cant get a view of the ocean from your room because of the beautiful palm forest in the way. I have never seen so many palm trees in my life. They start where the pool ends and go almost all the way to the water. It's worth staying here for that alone. We walked up and down the whole beach and saw many different hotels and no beach compared with the Riu Macao. It was really beautiful! The sand was so soft and powdery and if you take a walk you will even find some pink sand further down the beach. We had to bring some back of course, so don't forget the baggies. As for the food, well I would stick with the main buffet. They served great food for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Just make sure you take some dressy clothes because you can't get in wearing shorts and a tshirt. Men have to wear pants. I would wait until you get to the airport to pick up some T-shirts. They have this wonderful shop there called Del Sol and they are solar shirts that are really cool. We are already planning a trip for October.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>elk99
<Content>Pure Relaxation       Walking into the pool  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gavwell
<Content>Was Amazing! The Photos Online Don't Do It Justice.       In Room Optics  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gant21
<Content>truly a palace I have just returned from the macao, i loved it . A really lovley place, the food is good lots of a choice, drinks are good. Staff work so hard and wait on you hand and foot. The night time shows are not the greatest, some were ok but some were not very good, but they do try. The beach is beautiful. We did 2 trips while we were there the soana island and the monster truck. The soana island was nice but our trip got cut short as my boyfriend got stung by a stingray. But dont let that ot you off could happen to anyone although we did have to be taken to the hospital , hewas in terrible pain for hours and his ankle and foot swelled up.The monster truck is excellent . I would defintly return to this hotel. Really nice people there. A great holiday.Any questions i am happy to answer  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joeyramone78
<Content>great honeymoon at riu we just came back from our honeymoon at the riu palace macao in punta cana, it was amazing. The service was great, the front desk was a little unorganized at times, but over all we felt the staff was excellent. The food was great All the restaraunts were good. I heard a few complain about the food on here, and once we got there i couldn't believe people could complain. The service at the restaraunts was top notch always refilling your drinks very polite and friendly. The beach was amazing and very clean, over all just a great place for a honeymoon. I highly recomend this place for honeymooners, well worth the money. All inclusive is the only way to go, we didn't worry about money the whole time, we did tip the servers, because i got the feeling they were over worked and underpaid, even though they said gratuity was included. i would return one day for sure.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Paxter
<Content>Must read, the review that tells it like it is First off, not a rookie traveler. Been to Punta Cana 4 times as well as Cancun, Cozumel etc... I'm 31 and my wife 26. The RIU resorts complex contain 5 resorts- all next to each other. If you stay at the Macao you can eat and drink at all the other ones, except the Punta Cana. The Macao is somewhat of a reserved atmosphere... not as reserved as the RIU Punta Cana, but not as fun as the atmosphere at the RIU Bambu. I thought it was just right for us.Everyone dresses up in the evening, as if on some fancy European cruise ship. My wife and I are seriously not complainers: but AVOID the Japanese restaurants!!! It will be a waste of an evening dinner because it's not possibly edible. Honestly: Buy raw chicken, dont wash it, microwave it until it is cooked, then cut it up and serve- uuhgg- the smell of this chicken will make you gag-that is a brief insight into the Japanese restaurant. The Maitre'd told me most who eat at the Japanese complain, but the RIU owners refuse to change it-$$$.Aside from that the Buffet was actually not bad, and the buffet was better than all the other restaurants. Pool is small and only 4 ft deep, we used the other resorts pools,Entertainment was so upsurd we spent it laughing at times when the Act was suppose to be serious, think lyp syncing chubby dancer rolling on the floor in attempts to be seriously dramatic. My wife and I glanced around the audience... everyones jaw hung in shock and dissapointment. Other than that the beach alone is worth this trip, we did not want to come out of it(and we are not beach bums). The sand is as fine as sugar, no sea weed, blue warm water. The service is impeccable compared to other Dominican Resorts. No Mosquitos... not one. Rooms are nice, rich dark cherry wood everywhere about this resort. Lots of pool aerobics, but no pool volleyball or other games. The one night club was over by the side of RIU Naiboa- the club was lively, fun, dancing, packed a really good time. The Naiboa and Taino, by the way are nice but think younger spring break crowd, and also think the type of crowd that would pay less for a resort, You'd still enjoy and fun there though. The RIU Punta Cana by the way is gorgeous.... stunning, but only for one night. The RIU Punta Cana is BORING! There is absolutely nothing going on there, except maybe read a book. It's really older couples in slacks and polo shirts smoking and chatting it up day and night... Many tables of about 4-6 older people travel together, they talk and sip during lunch, talk and sip during dinner then go to sleep at 8pm. Very reserved and empty atmosphere... think ghost town after 8pm. All of the younger people at this resort ended up spending most of there time at the other resorts.The Bambu is where everyone is happy, beautiful resort, better entertainment, the atmosphere/decor/people/workers all memorable. Macao:Pros:Nice looking hotel with good ground work upkeep. Impeccable service, not alot of kids (though there were some) everwhere. No springbreakers (they stood at the Taino). Lots of class. Nice beach.Cons: Food needs improvement, entertainment is dismal, Beer is no frills (not Presidente), hotel somewhat reserved(though mush less than the Punta Cana).Overall: Will return to Dominican Republic, but I would sooner go to the RIU Bambu which has a happier atmosphere combined with hotel beauty. Or go back to Iberostar Bavaro-better food,entertainment,grounds etc...So if you are reading this review to figure out where to stay:Riu Bambu/Iberostar Bavaro/ if not then seriously consider RIU Macao, you won't regret it.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>UnionSq
<Content>Good place except for the lack of umbrellas I just got back from a long weekend at Macao. Overall, it was a great resort, my first all inclusive resort. The highlights were the ability to go to the other Riu properties to use the swim up bar and the club. The food and drinks were plentiful and better than what I expected. The only con was there was no umbrellas on the beach, there were literally 5 umbrellas. I would recommend this place unless you need an umbrella while on the beach.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>air4382
<Content>Amazing! my friend and I planned a girls trip in march for 4 nights 5 days at the Macao. it was BEAUTIFUL!!!! by far the nicest out of all the RIUs in DR- we walked around and we definetly made the best decision. The staff was incredible and they made our trip that much easier. the hotel is gorgeous- beach is beautiful. the only thing is the food was OK. but that is what you get with an all inclusive! i definetly recommended and still have no stopped talking about how amazing our trip was!!!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lpweb
<Content>What we expected !       Beach Shack Stores  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SextonT
<Content>Pampered and spoiled. My wife and I spent 7 nights at this wonderful resort and absolutely fell in love. The rooms were wonderful and the atmosphere was intoxicating. The staff were most attentive and catered with a smile to our every need. I would however like to offer a couple of helpful hints. Take a bundle of cheap washcloths with you as these are not put in the rooms. Take along some extra clothes hangers as you will need them. Also purchase one the adapters for you electrical items from the Mini-Mart in the lobby, as the receptacles are recessed into the wall and items such as, camera and cell phone chargers can't be plugged in without them. For action after sundown, walk to the Riu Bambu, left when you hit the beach, as the nightly shows are most entertaining and the crowd is a little more lively. One last thing after spending your morning on the beach, if you feel the need for an excellent snack, simply pull on your shirt and step into the Caribe Grill for a very good light meal.I know all tips are included, at least in the travel package that we had, but the young ladies who worked in the buffet waiting tables were there for all 7 days we stayed and they worked @ 16 hours per day. If you get up early enough you will see the housekeepers out picking the flowers they use for decoration in the rooms, consider the unending smiles and hard work these people put into your stay. A few dollars will go a long way to making their lives and work more enjoyable.Enjoy :)  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Teej33
<Content>An Amazing Romantic Getaway       Go Raptors - all the way from Dominican  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>allison12
<Content>Great Resort!               
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Daliada
<Content>We loved it!!! We had an amazing honeymoon at RIU Palace Macao. The size of the hotel is great!! Everything is close and you donéº“t have long walk.Rooms were very comfortable they are big and clean.Food is good, not waw, but they make an effort. As Iéº“m a vegetarian I didnéº“t have too many options. Forget about the Japanese restaurant, it is awfull!!! The worst sushi ever...Entertainment is amazing, we loved the shows! We did almost all the activities from ping pong to aqua gym. They really make your stay fun.Just remember to tip everybody....  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>trows
<Content>Loved it!!!! My husband and I and 2 other couples went to the RIU Macao, to celebrate our 25th anniversary. What a great time we had!! There really isn't anything bad to say. But we did not understand their sitting times at dinner too well, as we tried the ala carte resturants and we never ate at the same time. That was the only real problem we had. The rooms were kept really clean. If you needed anything all you had to do was call, as between the 3 rooms we had, we could easily drink the beer that they had stocked in the frig. As we had our own happy hours in the rooms.The beach was beautiful, the water was gorgeous. We always were able to get 6 lounges every morning. And the beach bar was not far away. The drinks were good, especially the coco loco. A have to try drink.We also went on 2 excursions, that were so much fun.We are totally going back sometime and will stay at the Macao again, as the staff and all the entertainment guys(Puff Daddy, Jesus, and Johnny Bravo) we all so fun and got you involved even if you didn't want to.You will not regret your stay here!  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sansat
<Content>Miss it already!! My parents,Husband , son and I , Went April 4th to 18th for a wonderful two weeks, We were unsure what to expect, since we had never travelled to the Dominican before. Had read all the reviews and were a bit apprehensive about some of the negative comments people had made. There must be some really picky people out there!!! We honestly couldn't find anything to complain about!!! The Beaches are to Die for!! The People are the most beautiful we have ever met and seen. and the food was great! Even being there two weeks, you could always find something yummy to eat. Checkin was easy and even when are room leaked, WidneyLuis (fabulous Men) upgraded us to a room facing the pool!!! Try to ask for 2nd or 3rd floor rooms , since bottom floor rooms are a bit musty smelling ,(mind you it is a tropical country)We checked out the Palace Punta Cana, next door, It was beautiful, but a liitle impersonal. We have been to the Palace in the Mayan Riviera and found that we are now officially hooked on the Riu's!!!!! Sandy Abbotsford B.C.ps will try to send photo's when can!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>David_L_H
<Content>Here are some tips that would have helped us My wife and I stayed at the RIU Palace Macao from April 20 through 27, 2007. Despite some bad weather, including several days with periods of torrential downpours, we had a good holiday. We loved the gracious and elegant Spanish colonial architecture, with lots of dark wood in the common areas and in the rooms. We liked the food. We found the staff uniformly friendly and helpful, and quick to respond to any problems that we encountered (e.g. fluorescent light bulb started flickering and needed replacing). When the weather permitted lying on the beach, we loved the soft yellowish-white sand, the majestic tall royal palms and the beautiful warm turquoise water. We did discover some things that were not apparent beforehand from the reviews we read, and so I would like to pass them on.The bathrooms have a bidet, as well as the usual shower, bathtub, toilet and sink. I found the bidet useful on occasion for washing the sand off my feet, as well as for its intended function. The balconies are wide and deep, with an overhang that prevents sun from directly shining into the room and keeps the rain off most of the balcony. In addition to two rocking chairs and a coffee table, the balcony had a rack for drying towels and bathing suits, which we found quite useful.We had hoped to find a calm sea, with little or no wind. In fact, although there is a reef off shore that breaks the waves, the water was usually quite rough. Only on two or three of our seven days was it possible to swim in the sea, and then with some difficulty. Further, there was a constant east wind, whose force ranged from a stiff breeze to a gale. This was not what we were hoping for, although we put up with it. Around the pool there was much less wind, presumably because of the protection from the hotel building and the royal palms that dot the property. Since we are not pool people, this was little consolation to us.Also, at the place where we went in the sea, we found that the bottom, though uniformly sandy, dropped off quite sharply. After getting beyond the churning brown sandy water at the shore, and the seaweed just beyond it, you found yourself in a couple of steps over your head. Since my wife does not like to swim in water over her head, this required a delicate balancing act.If you do decide to stay at the Palace Macao, here are some pointers that we would have found helpful, more or less in the sequence where you might find them useful.One review of this hotel said that men were required to wear long-sleeved shirts for dinner. This report is false. Most men wore short-sleeved shirts. Long pants are a requirement. During the day, however, most men go around in a T-shirt, shorts and slides (no socks), when they are not in their bathing suits. I took running shoes, but never used them. I wore slides during the day, and dress shoes (with socks) in the evening.At the Punta Cana airport, after clearing customs, you will encounter the often-mentioned baggage handlers *before* you emerge into the area where your tour representative is waiting to tell you which bus to go to. If you want to use the services of a baggage handler, as we did, he will put all your luggage on his dolly and go with you to the tour representative, find out your bus, and then take your luggage and see that it gets put on the bus. The Sunquest book at the hotel recommended tipping one dollar, but we actually tipped five. Since it costs $1.75 Canadian at the airport from which we flew (Toronto) to use a cart for your luggage, we did not object to paying this money, especially since it provides a decent income in a country where people really need it. On the return journey, where the baggage handler physically carried our three large bags about 30 feet to the check-in counter, we paid 1 US dollar, which seemed to be quite acceptable to him.When you get to your hotel room, you should check that there is a gallon jug of purified water in the room, and ask immediately for one to be provided if there is not. (The tap water is not drinkable.) We found the hotel quite bad at keeping our room supplied with drinkable water. Although a man was on our floor every day with a cart with bottled drinks for the room fridge, along with jugs of purified water, he never left us water without our asking for it.For some reason, the hotel has designated sittings for dinner in the main dining room, which has a sumptuous buffet. On your first evening, when you enter the dining room for the early or the late sitting, you should identify yourself to the maitre d', who will take you to an assigned table, which you are to use for the rest of your stay. I found this a peculiar system, since part of the dining room is for smokers and part is a non-smoking area, and one can easily get assigned to the wrong part. Presumably one can point this out if it happens, and get re-assigned.When you check in, you will be given a key to your room and a key to the safe in your room. Both have your room number on them, which means that it is not a good idea to leave them lying around on the beach or at the pool. I got into the habit of leaving the room key at reception when I went to the beach or the pool. The key to your safe should be kept with you at all times. When I went swimming, I put the key to the safe on the draw string of my bathing suit before tying the string.It was only on the last day that we discovered that there are toilets on the ground floor. Up to then, we had been going to our room whenever nature called. The toilets are in the westward-leading corridor just behind the reception area. The only clue to their presence is a very discreet WC sign at the first bend in the corridor.On our return journey, we found the check-in procedure at Punta Cana airport extremely fast, efficient and hassle-free. There are four steps: check in, pay departure fee (US $20), clear emigration, go through security. There was no line at any of these stages, and the whole thing was done in less than 15 minutes, after which we had more than two hours in the departure area to get bored.If you intend to buy duty-free cigarettes, the cheapest we found were in the duty-free shop in the Punta Cana airport, 24 US dollars for a carton of 200 brand-name US cigarettes. On the other hand, the prices for liquor were slightly lower on the plane coming home (Skyservice) than in the duty-free shop; we pre-ordered our liquor on the flight to Punta Cana, and were given it on the flight back.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hueyConn
<Content>Would go back in a heartbeat -- great time We just returned from a great week at the Macao. The place is great. The staff is very friendly-always willing to help. The food was very good. We just went to the buffet and every meal there was something offered that we all could enjoy.Noone from our group got sick. The pool and the beach are both very nice-actually the beach was great-not too crowded. The room was fine-alittle small for the 3 of us(wife daughter and myself)but we didn't spend alot of time in the room.One thing if you are traveling with children this is probably not the greatest place for kids only because they did'n't seem to have alot of activities for kids.The casino is really weak-they have slot machines that look like they were bought from Vegas when they got rid of them in 1960 real old and don't really pay out much.I read alot of reviews before I left and I don'tknow how anyone could really complain about this place. I know that our family would definately go back  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JemimaF
<Content>The Best Ever It was incredible. I just got back yesterday (Apr. 22, 2007) from my trip and I'm still wishing that I was there. The hotel is absolutly gorgeous. The food is awesome. The wait staff incredible. Front desk folks are the best ever. They are very helpful. Overall it was the best vacation ever. I am so glad that I picked this hotel to stay at because nothing can compare to in in the least bit. The pool was cleaned daily, morning and evening. The entertainment team was great. The beach is absolutly beautiful. Everything is clean. They are always more than willing to accomidate you. I mean it was great. I can't stop talking about my experience there. The dominican men are great and very cute. So sweet. Over all it was a wonderful experience. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. If you're heading out to Punta Cana definatly go to the Macao.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JEROME79
<Content>Had a relaxing vacation at Ria Macao       puppy on the beach  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Plt1087
<Content>Splendid Vacation Best vacation we ever had. Can't say enough about the beaches, pool, cleanliness, food, drinks, courteous staff. A few pointers for first timers: Bring lots of American cash. Credit cards not easy to use, and ATM is not on hotel gorunds (have to walk into town). Look out for prices at kiosks in pool area (cigars, t-shirts, jewelry, etc.). Bargain down on prices. Tip bartenders and wait staff liberally. They work really hard, and it improves your service. Shows are quaint and enjoyable. Buy a BLACK (not white) power adapter for your American appliances (cell phone charger, etc.) Casino is a rip-off. Try a snorkeling trip to coral reef. For $31.00, it is a great deal for the experience. This will surely become your vacation spot of choice.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>DonnaMark
<Content>Wow! Wow! Just returned from a spring break week with 8 adults. Wonderful experience. Previously stayed @ Barcelo Bavaro Palace (pretty, but several of us became sick and no one @ resort spoke English), and 2 resorts in Cancun/Mayan Riviera (severe sickness each place). Rui Palace Macao is not a large hotel, but very classy. Finally a comfortable bed. Service was the best ever - English is widely spoken by most everyone. Food in buffet was unbelievably excellent. Other a la carte restaurants were each good, as well. Bars served real drinks, not cheapie cheapie. Strolled to new Palace next door - too big and too impersonal! Beach, palm trees, and clean water were fantastic. Took Outback Safari excursion - what a great experience! Only criticism - evening entertainment was not good. Latin music for dancing @ pool would have been fun. We will never go anywhere else in Punta Cana or Mexico other than the Riu Palace Macao. It is excellent!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Movee
<Content>Clean resort with Great Service! I stayed at the resort April 11 - 16th with one of my girlfriends. We had a great time. The Domincan men were so nice and fun! The weather was great and the resort was very clean. The beach was beautiful. Our jacuzzi suite was spacious and clean. The food was ok. I would not rave about it. But we did enjoy our meal at the Japanese restaurant. We had two slight incidents: there was a large cockroach roaming throughout the bread table. We informed a server and she just waved it away. We informed the front desk and they gave us extra towel cards (by the way, you only get one towel card per person for the pool). Also, although this is an all inclusive resort, you have to reserve the time you will eat dinner (6:30 or 8:30 pm). They assign you a table. When we arrived for dinner the third night and sat at our assigned table they came over and argued somewhat that we were not reserved for that time and table (we had the paper that they gave us with time and table written on it). They moved us! We weren't happy about this but we eventually came to a resolution. This is my second visit to Punta Cana and the first at the Riu Macao. It was fun and very relaxing, but I will not return. The damp smell was quite overpowering in the rooms. We had one of the best suites at the resort. But the beds were so hard and for me quite uncomfortable. If you plan to bring children, please understand that they will see topless tourists at the beach and pool and some funny, ugly sites with thongs (men and women).  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Melibi
<Content>Overall, a nice resort We stayed at the Riu palace on our honeymoon in June of 2002. It was under construction for rennovations then, so there were not many guests and it was nice and quiet. Most of the couples we met were in their mid twenties or ealrty thirties and many of them were also on their honeymoon. The standard rooms were large and had either two double beds or one king. The bathrooms were marble and also large and were stocked with toiletries and many towels. Every room had a balcony, and ours overlooked the pool and ocean.The food was bland and boring. All of the people we met there agreed that you had to be careful what you ate. Many of us chose the pizza and were sick for a day because the cheese went bad.The mixed drinks were wonderful but the wine and champagne were limited and very bad.You had the option of going to all of the other Riu hotels in the area if you stayed at the Palace, so it was fun to eat at and visit the different locations. There were many excursuins offered through Sunquest that sounded like fun but we decided to just relax and enjoy the beautiful beach and pool for the week.The major downfall was that we had to check out of our room at noon and our flight did leave until 9pm. The hotel refused to offer us a hospitality room or a late check out. This was a drag but we didn't let it ruin our trip. Overall, a great place to relax and do nothing, if you don't mind putting up with bland food and bad wine (but who goes to the Caribbean fof food and/or wine any ways???)  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>mamasitaPgh
<Content>A Wonderful Vacation! We just returned from our vacation at the Riu Macao - Punta Cana 30 March-April 6! We had a WONDERFUL time and would go back again! After reading the reviews over the past several months there were times I was seconding guessing our choice and times I couldn't get to Punta Cana fast enough. We booked our vacation throught our travel agentApple Vacations. We flew USA 3000 - great service - the plane was a bit cramped for my husband, but for the kids (14/12 yrs) and myself we were confortable. Upon arrival at the airport after retrieving your luggage, we were greated by a Apple Representative who directed us to our bus. The bus ride to the hotel is roughly about 35 minutes to the hotel. Upon arrival at the hotel we were greeted by the front desk with a smile and tropical punch. The room was spotless but did smell a bit at first. No problem - opened the sliders to the balcony and lit some candles that we had brought along with some fabreeze sheets for the closet (a suggestion I got from this site). We never seem to have the smell the rest of the trip - when we were in the room we always had the sliders open. The room was SPOTLESS and we all found the beds  pillows surprising comfortable - many complained the beds were too hard - we like a firm mattress so there was no complaint there. There is something to do for EVERYONE of EVERY AGE. The Activity Directors had plenty of things to do for everyone. ..volleyball, dance lessons, darts, bocce, ping pong, aerobics, etc. You can choose to participate or not. The beach is absolutely BONITO! The pool is also enjoyable ...we NEVER ever had a problem finding a chair at the pool or the beach and we were not down at the break of dawn for reserve a chair for 4. The food is good with the buffet offering the most variety for everyone. Sometimes some of the meat was overcooked, but there is some much to choose from fish, meat, pasta, salad, fruit , cheeses, etc. and service with a smile. Everyone was pleasant ,spoke English and gave us a chance to practice our Spanish! There were visitors from all countries US, Canada, England, Germany, Italy - a nice diversity.Just a hint in regards to water sports and tennis - you need to reserve early (the day before most likely) if you want to make sure you get a sailfish, paddleboat, etc. and court. Excursions we participated in and enjoyed was the Jungle Safari ask for Danny Boy (the guide) he is fabulous (enjoyed the most), The snorkeling/swimming w/ nurse sharks/ray and the Quad tour. Would go back in a heart beat!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>chineegal
<Content>Riu Macao was good, but not the greatest We stayed at the Riu Macao Mar 15 to 23, 2007. The hotel is nice, clean and welcoming. Make sure you request a room closer to the ONE set of elevators or else you will be walking a long way to your room bc the resort is huge. The staff are friendly and courteous but most speak only Spanish in the restaurants. The restaurant food is not so great after 2 days the food gets really boring as it is almost the same every night in the buffet. My 3 yr old daughter ate pasta for 7 days twice a day and of course she had ice cream at each sitting too. Just a tip for those of you who eat alot of salad -- bring your own salad dressing as they only have flavored oil and dill sauce. The salad bar and fruit bar is filled with lots of very fresh and delicious items so take advantage and bring your own dressing to make it even better. The pool is small and you have to wake up early to reserve a good spot otherwise the beach is a good alternative if you arrive late. The beach is amazing...white sand and lots of beach chairs. Back to the pool, if you have young children the kids pool is small and dirty (just still water, I wouldn't call it a pool). Mydaughter ended up playing on the stairs of the adults pool for the whole week as there is no shallow end also make sure you bring some toys that your kids can play with in/around the pool otherwise they will get bored going up and down the stairs all day. Bring inflatableballs and toys as they charge $20 US for inflatable dolphins/whales. The soft ice cream by the pool is delicious, I think my daughter and I had 5 cones a day. The waiters by the pool are very good at makingsure you always have a drink, so make sure you tip them bc they are running around all day getting drinks for everyone. Our hotel room was clean and nice but the beds are hard and uncomfortable. Water pressure in the bathroom was good too but no exhaust fan in the bathroom so it can get stuffy in there if you know what I mean: ). We were allowed to visit the other Riu Hotels on the strip which we did but other than the newer Riu Palace, the other Riu's were a bit lower end than the Riu Macao although I think the food is the same at all the hotels. All in all I think this hotel is a great hotel especially if the weather is nice. My only complaints are that I thought the food would be tastier and more variety, also the pool is small for such a big resort and there are no activities for children.Anyways have fun and try not to eat too much soft ice cream!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lorital/scar
<Content>Awesome resort My husband and I along with my parents just got back from staying at the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana ( march 13-20).I can't say enough good things about this resort.It is so remarkably cleanThe food is pentiful and many assortments to meet everyones needs. ( one week is good two weeks you may start getting sick of the food).The restaurants we went to the one that specializes in seafood. It was good but the buffet is better.THe staff made the trip a memorable experience. THey are extremly nice and accomadating. They are at your service all day and night. I have been to other resorts but nothing topped the service here. THey are extremly remardable people.THe activites could be a little better but they were entertaining. THe water from the taps can not be used. THere fore you have to use the jugs provided in your room. I would suggest bringing a empy water bottle and fill it up if you plan to walk or run along the beach as it is hot and you will need the water. If you stay by the pool drinks are on hand all the time.The beach was a little rough due to bad weather in other parts of the world. However the sand is so soft and pleasent to walk on. Our experince at the Rui Palace Macao was fantastic. I recommend this place to anyone. I am already looking at next years vaction at another rui perhaps in Mexico.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thekiita
<Content>Felt like a queen Thirty three of us went for a wedding, and when me and my boyfriend got to our hotel they had no room left, BUT they upgraded us to the PALACE macao, Which was AWESOME. I absolutley loved it, that place is SOOO beautiful, and the locals are awesome, I recommend the jungle safarri, its beautiful! The people that work at the hotel are soo helpful and i cant wait to go back again  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kimberlyn
<Content>Wedding in Punta Cana Deciding on a destination wedding can bring about a bit of resistancefrom your friends and family...looking back on our trip it was the best decision and we don't regret a thing. Everyone who joined us continue to say it was the best time they have had at a wedding and on vacation, especially those who were a bit concerned before the trip. Several of us are planning another vacation together in April as it was so much fun to be away with friends. It is a really unique experience were both families have a whole week to get to know each other, something that doesn't happen at traditional weddings. The week was full of RR. A tip...take 2 weeks because as much fun as it is having everyone around a week alone once married would have been nice. Everyone is in a great mood and there are no details to stress over.The resort was beautiful! Magnolia the wedding coordinator really takes care of all the details once you are there. I found it challenging to communicate with the resort regarding details before we arrived. Had I known better there was nothing to worry about except getting your guests there and getting the proper documents done. A suggestion would be to get a wedding time closer to dinner. The resort will not change the normal seating times for your party. Our wedding was at 2pm and dinner at 6pm. So we changed into our bathing suits and sat to the pool bar in-between. Another tip, choose the garden wedding if you want any privacy and no topless onlookers in your pictures :o)The photographer the resort uses was great. Well worth the money. We got the most basic package which consisted of a CD of around 200 photos since it was a lot cheaper to print then back in Canada.The hairstylist could be better. She has a limited amount of styles to select from a book and since I don't speak Spanish she did the best she could with limited info. A suggestion would be to bring a picture of a style you like. The resort itself is beautiful. We had 24 people join us and everyone had a great time. They are very inflexible about seating times in the buffet and who can sit where....which we as a group had a hard time with. (As individuals or couples don't believe this would be a problem). You get assigned one table and one time for the buffet for dinner. Our group changed each night with people doing different activities throughout the day so we found there lack of flexibility a bit challenging. Apparently they like to have the same staff wait on you each night to encourage gratuities and to make sure if you do tip it goes to someone who has helped you all week. Nice idea, unfortunately it comes at the limitation of the guestéˆ¥æªš schedules.The rooms are very clean and fresh flowers are arranged each day for you. A really nice touch.Overall a great vacation. Riu's are definitely consistent. You know what you are getting.If you are considering a destination wedding this is a great resort for it. Get yourself a reputable travel agent with experience in weddings. Talk to the Consulates regarding the documentation because the resorts may unintentionally mislead you regarding what needs to be done and by whom so the wedding in legal in Canada. Once that is taken care of all you have to do sit back and relax with family and friends in the sun.Very good experience overall!!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>dutchie95
<Content>Amazing!!!! What an amazing resort! We went for a weeks trip from March 6-13th! We had a blast! The Punta Cana International Airport was so unique! The airport is completely open with a thatched roof. The departure area as well, lots of fresh air and is so different. Once off the plane you get a picture with two Dominican women which you can purchase for $10 canadian when you depart. Once you clear customs, you will have guys waiting to help you with your bags, they will want a small tip but a simple no thanks will work. The ride from the airport to the Riu Palace Macao was interesting! They drive all over the road and makes it a little tense but so worth it when you get there!The hotel- wow - what a beaut! The staff are amazing! Widny at the front desk was so helpful. There is a server at the pool named Antonito. He was the best! You will always hear him say I love my job. The rooms were spacious, clean and cool. The mini bar was stocked daily. We noticed that most guests don't tip the staff. We did and they really appreciated it! The restaurants were great. Kabuki, the japanese restaurant was our favorite besides the buffet. Make sure you go to the gala buffet. They have dishes from all the restaurants. The Caribe grill and the steakhouse were also great! They only accept reservations from 730am to 930am but we never had a problem getting in and never had to wait to make a reso. We overheard a couple staying at the Riu Palace that the line up to make resos everyday was insane. We never had a line to make a reso. We walked over to the Riu Palace, it looked nice, don't get me wrong but it felt cold and stuffy compared to the Riu Palace Macao. There is a Caribbean Street right beside the Riu Palace Macao which had tons of shops. They have a Caribbean Festival on the Caribbean Street once a week with vendors on the street and you can barter prices. The prices in the store are fixed. We also never had a problem finding a chair at the beach or by the pool any time. You always have those who hold chairs all day, we didn't and we never had a problem finding it. Hidden jem, go to the jacuzzi behind the Caribe/international grill, it has cool water and is secluded. We used it daily! What more can I say! We loved it!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>domino166
<Content>wonderful vacation A group of ten of us spent a week at the resort. We all had a great time. The food was better than some all-inclusives, and you could always find something to eat, even picky eaters. The rooms were nice,clean and the balcony was nice. I don't know if it was worth it to get a superior room though, no oceanview, but a view of the pool. We did the snorkel trip which turned out to be a fun day. We also did a scanvenger hunt which was hilarious, all the guest helped us find our items (even underwear..other than your spouses) thanks to Chicago Bob. The pool was refreshing and the beach was wonderful. The pool bar next door was a blast. The average age was 30's and up. Would definelty go back.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	2	

<Author>investmentguru
<Content>RIU Palace Macao as advertised Just returned from a restfull week at the Riu Palace Macao. The facilities are very nice and the service was fantastic. Everyone went out of their way to be helpfull. The beach is great although the water was to rough to do much other than walk in to cool off. I would give the food a 6 out of 10. One thing that did drive me nuts, and could keep me from returning, was the fact the sheets are too small to be tucked in. Every time you move the sheets would come undone. This, coupled with the fact that there was not even a mattress cover turned me off! The only other negative was that the Casino was so smokey I had to leave even though I was winning.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pedro1177
<Content>Great Time, Great Food, Great People We spent 5 days at the Riu Macao with another couple and must say that we loved every minute of it. The staff (Robert, Puff Daddy etc..) were all great and really made our stay enjoyable. The food was also great. El Patio had a great buffet every day and was always different (except for breakfast). We also ate at the Japanese Restaurant which was good, but the sushi variety wasnt too large. Endless food and endless drinks what more could you ask for.This resort is much better than the other Riu properties, in terms of activities and even ambiance. Although the Riu Palace Punta Cana is much more fancy, it is definetely for a much older crowd. The Riu Macao had people mostly in their 40's however it was still a great time even though we were in our late 20's. We had peace and quiet and at the same time we stirred up the place (I WON THE BEER DRINKING CONTEST !!! )You should def book this hotel and have no worries about it. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>TTIG
<Content>Paradise We stayed at this hotel from Dec 24th through the 30th. The staff at this hotel go above and beyond. They work so hard. The hotel itself is nice. The hotel and the rooms could use some updating. We spent very little time in the room while we were there anyway. If you are spending any time in your room there are very little english TV channels. we had a garden view room which had an amazing balcony. There is so many activities to do. I suggest you book these as soon as you get there so you're not dissapointed. The food was really good. There was something for everyone. You have to book dinner each night but you can only make one reservation at a time between certain times. The first night you get there you get to eat at the buffet which was really really good. All in all we had an excellent vacation. I would recommend this hotel. This place is paradise. one thing I would add is when you arrive at the airport there are people coming at you to take your bags and it is over whelming and uncomfortable. All of the hotels have a kiosk. just find your hotel booth, they have an english speaking rep there that will help you. All in all excellent vacation. Tip the Staff well they really do work extremely hard.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fling10
<Content>Best Vacation, Great service       room  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frozen-snowbird
<Content>Best Sunny Resort so far Stayed week of Feb 11 - 18. Wife and I celebrated a quiet anniversary. We are in our 50'sService; Always with a smile and a Hola! when you pass. Bars, restaurants and maid service prompt and they aim to please. Had a broken toilet handle - called and it was fixed in 30 min. Beach staff and grounds staff work hard. Many employees try their best at english and appreciate an attempt back in espanol - even some basics. A gratuity is well worth what you get back. $2-5 averageFood: Buffet was always fresh and hot and varied. Only did one a la carte and it was good (Japanese). Need to dress a little for dinner - long pants for men and collared shirts, ladies in skirts. Assigned seatingRoom: Good - bathroom was new looking with no sign of mould or mildew and very clean and towels changed at night with turn down service. No bugs, A/C worked great. Have bottled water delivered plus endless soft drinks and booze if you want it.Casino: Didn't tryEntertainment: Local talent not bad - nitely shows for an hour or so Day Trips; Didn't try - all we wanted was sun and relaxation.Shopping: Stay at home if you came to shop for more than token T shirts and beach bags. Some local crafts, some jewelry (bargain hard or overpay) and cigars a plenty.Beach: Awesome - we walked for miles every day. Some toplessness but no full nudity. Miles of white sand and green/blue ocean. Didn't bother with pool - not that crowded but we wanted the sand.Close by: Other Rius have interlinking walkways and some shopping.Summary: Stayed around the world. Haven't had better for a sun resort. No bad moments, a memorable vacation with great service, perfect weather. Would return tomorrow (wish we could!)Take a small bottle or washable cup for water on the beach when you walk. (or use Gatorade botles down there.) Resort accommodates about 700 people, not the biggest or smallest on the beach but has enough restaurants,bars and amenities  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FunandSun2
<Content>Loved everything at the RIU Macao (except the food) To put this review in perspective, we are average age late-40's and travel extensively. We normally go to Sandals when choosing to spend a week at an all-inclusive (we have been to their resorts numerous times in Antigua, St. Lucia  Jamaica), but based on the good reviews of the RIU Macao and the beautiful beach in Punta Cana, thought we would try something different for comparison. We had a wonderful week at the RIU Macao and are glad that we went. The beach is absolutely beautiful, probably the best we have ever been to. I took 2 hour walks on it and never reached the end of it or felt unsafe. Watching the sunrise in the morning from the beach is breathtaking. Each day, we would get chairs next to the water to get some sun in the mornings. In the afternoon when the sun was stronger, we would move back under the palm trees for some shade. There was always a breeze by the beach which added to it's beauty. There is a beach bar (looks like a tiki hut) for any refreshment that you might want. Because of how nice the beach was, we never felt the need to use the pool. The resort itself ranks just as high as a Sandals in our opinion with exception of the food (more on that later). We had a suite which was 2 rooms with 2 balconys (our balconys were the hexagons that you see on each of the building). It was very nice and very clean. You do have to select at breakfast each morning which restauarant you would like to dine at that evening and make a reservation. This was painless to do and it was never a problem for us getting into the restaurant that we wanted each evening even though the resort was sold out. We had a choice of 2 different seating times for each evening meal: 6:30 or 9:00 pm. In the evenings, sitting outside at the piano bar listening to the piano was a lovely start to a nice dinner in one of the 3 open air restaurants. However, I cannot write this review without mentioning that my husband did not like the food at all (I thought it was nothing great, but nothing horrible either). Hence, the rating of a 4 instead of a 5 for the resort. After dinner, walking from one resort to the next on the lighted path or visiting Caribbean Street was a nice way to end the evening.Before booking the Macao, we did consider staying at the new RIU Palace instead. However, after visiting it, I am glad that we did not. Although the new Place is beautiful, it also had a colder feel to it rather than the laid back beach atmosphere that we were looking for. The resort is twice as large as the Macao with lots of concrete and it felt to us more like we were at a Hilton on the beach rather than an intimate beach resort. I will note however that the pool is nicer there (but it's also very crowded due to its size compared to the size of the complex). So if you are a pool person, you might want to consider this. We did speak to people on the way home who stayed at the Palace but liked the atmopshere of the Macao better and ended up using the Macao beach during the day and coming over to listen to the piano player before/after their dinner in the evenings. Some RIU Macao tips:1) Make sure you eat lunch at the Caribe restaurant for great views of the ocean during your meal. However, the best lunch selection is at the open-air restuarant by the pool. 2) Even though the resort does have 110 like in the states, don't forget a 3-prong adapter and/or an extension cord. I could not use my hair appliances the whole trip because the outlets are recessed and I did not have this. The front desk said they had no extension cords. 3) There is an application to join the RIU frequent stay club in your room. After you complete it and turn it into the desk, you can start using the savings such as discounts off of massages and any excursions at Scuba Caribe (on-site retailer of snorkeling and diving trips)4) Givng small tips of $1 or $2 go a long way during your stay5) Our best meal was at the Japanese restaurant. Best views are at the Caribe Restaurant (which fills up fast each day)6) Don't miss the Grand Buffett on Thursday nights. This is the only time we had the buffett in the evening but it was nice.7) Shop for souvieners at the shopping area up the beach (a 15 min walk to the right when looking at the ocean). The prices are a lot cheaper than what they sell the same things for at the resort.8) Be prepared that there is a lot of topless sunbathing that occurs at this resort and all of the others along the beach We took Apple Vacations on this trip and they did a nice job getting us to the hotel and back to the airport for our direct flight home. They are also at the hotel 2 times each day to answer questions or book tours through.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Quattroman
<Content>A Wonderful Experience This was our second visit to this hotel and second RIU property. It is excellent. Do keep in mind it is a European hotel. The food is wonderful, but not North American. Excellent breads and wonderful variety of foods. Do not expect large cuts of juicy beef. Deserts are more European and not typical North American fare. Wonderful beach. Attentive staff. Do tip; this is a poor country. Know basic Spanish words as English is far down the list. RIU is a Spanish Hotel chain owned by TUI - which is a large  diverse German company (their website is an eye-opener: they own over 100 aircraft and nearly 200 ships). You will need to bring an electrical adapter if you intend to use any three-prong plug. The recessed outlets accept only two prongs. Adapters are available at the desk. We look forward to another visit.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>timlizzy
<Content>The best trip ever We are form St. Louis, Missouri and we travel to many different places and we always do all inclusive.  The Riu Palace Macao Punta Cana is one of the best we have stayed at. The food, service and cleanliness all excelled. The whole place was heavenly, the staff superb. Try the Mamajuana, the Riu has the best . Loved everything, a must. We had 88 degree weather, beautiful ocean. The airport was also very nice and pretty easy to get through, we did travel Sunday to Thursday.USA 3000 charter was pleasant, wish there was more room to lay back. Apple Vacation did a great job as did our Travel Agency, Sun On the Run located in Ballwin, Missouri.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1uvthe5un
<Content>Gotta love a RIU! We're a 50ish couple who were looking for a lovely place to rest and recharge for 14 days and we found it at the RIU Macao. We were upgraded to a 3rd floor pool view from the garden view. We are extremely fussy about our food and the food was excellent. Always lots of yummy things to try. Too many to list! We did prefer the buffet to the specialty restaurants. Take the tour of the kitchens if you can. RIU's are justifiably proud of their operation. The room, which was a nice room but not a wow room, was kept very clean by our very nice maid. They were always scrubbing, gardening and tidying. The grounds are beautiful.The beach was lovely, lots of chaises in both sun and in the amazing palm grove. It never felt crowded. If you want more than one towel, ask for another towel card at the main desk...they don't care how many you have, they just want to keep track of them.Be sure to tip and take a moment to say hello...the people who work there really work hard on our behalf.If you have been to a RIU before, you know what to expect and although I feel that RIU's have come down a touch since we first began staying years ago, they still are a wonderful vacation destination. If you haven't been, you wouldn't know.We liked: food, size of resort, beach, ability to walk throughout the complex without having to take a tram, boardwalk on beach for night walkd, palm grove, friendly service, piano bar, rocking chairs on balcony...overall a great place for a rest.Didn't like: They need new shows...Michael Jackson needs to be replaced by another look alike.We would recommend this resort for couples and anyone looking for a place to chill. Singles went over the other resorts and the disco for entainment.We wouldn't recommend this resort for people with children as it is adult oriented with no children's programme.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jcsquish
<Content>Beautiful Resort The whole experience on this trip was great. The flights were ontime without incidence. The hotel was wonderful. Food was fabulous. So good in fact that we never even booked any a la carte restaurants. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful. The Sunquest rep Manual, was fabulous. We booked an excursion to Sonoa Isle but had to cancel and he was very helpful and took care of getting us a refund very promptly. So thanks for that Manuel. He was also kind of cute.The rooms were very nice. I would say they are a little bit outdated but in very good condition and with quite lush furnishings and beautiful wood throughout the room.The beach was fabulous. Awesome is a better word as it really is. There were a few days though that there was some seawood in the water and it was a little mirky but I got over it quickly when you take look around at the view. There are no sand fleas either thank goodness as I am prone to them. The entertainment was okay. Was a little dissappointed after being in Cuba the year before. Now there are entertainers. There wasnt enough outdoor entertainment. They call it the palace and that it is. I really cant imagine anyone going here and being dissappointed. Take the plunge.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>m_m507
<Content>Beautiful place!!!! We stayed in this hotel in January. The weather was not so good, stormy sea and horrible winds, but hotel itself beats all the expectations. The beach is beautiful, the food is fantastic, room is adequate. What else to say? Open restaurants and bars, nice pool (kind of small but very clean). Can use restaurants of nearby other Riu hotels. Nice drinks in the bar, nice people working very hard to make your vacation the best ever. Just very nice place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Burnandpeel
<Content>If you don't like this one - stay home - travel is not for you HOLA - This hotel is a keeper. The staff from the grounds keepers to the manger bent over backwards for everyone without any complaints. A tour of the kitchen showed a first class attention to food prep safety (colour coded knives, isolated prep areas for each food type, seperate cold storage etc.) I never saw any staff touch food with other than tongs or gloved hands. Cold buffet food is on refridgerated tables and hot stuff is very hot. If you can't find somthing great or interesting to eat - stay home and go to KFC. There is more variety than anyone could try in a week, and while there are al a cart restaurants, we didn't bother with the Medeteranian or Caribe Grill. The only complaints were about a few rude guests (like the giagantic lady taking all the lobster out of the pealla while others waited in line). There are people from France, Germany, Holland, Spain, England, Canada and the US so cultural difference are avilable to be experienced (like 70 year old topless sunbathers). The shows are home grown but add to the charm of being somewhere different. You want Wayne Newton go to Vegas. This is the best of the RIU complex in our view. The Palace Punta Cana is beautiful but too big, and the Bambu, Tiano and Niaboa older and somewhat cramped, although all seemed clean with great staff. Anyone who didn't enjoy their stay here won't be pleased with anything. We tipped at the end because we wanted too, and got just as good service as those who tipped early. The staff appreciated it but don't change their service level one way or the other as far as I could see. The staff seem to really enjoy their jobs and make everyone feel welcome. The customer service staff all seem to have a great command of 4-5 languages so posts that say you need spanish are nonsense. One of our best trips ever.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TannedinToronto
<Content>Great Getaway! My husband and I just returned from spending one wonderful week at the Riu Palace Macao. I was definitely sceptical after having read all the negative feedback by other travellers, however, don't be swayed by these negative posts. The Macao is a beautiful, clean hotel with the friendliest, most accomodating staff. The hotel and all of its staff are VERY service oriented. The beaches are glorious. One of the more beautiful I have ever seen: clearest blue water and soft white sand!! There are always chairs by the beach and it doesn't matter what time you get there. The pool was great too. Waiters constantly come around to see if you need anything. The food is the only thing that I would say was not amazing. It was OK. There is an abundance of food and many places to eat. During the day, by the beach there were a couple of places to eat as well as by the pool. I just found that everything tasted the same and after a week of eating that food, you just get sick of it. Age of travellers is a good mix. There are older travellers, younger couples and some families with children. The Macao is definitely a place to go if you are looking to relax as there is not much nightlife. We are a younger couple and we honestly didin't care that there there wasn't much to do after dinner. We were wiped from being out in the sun all day.Overall, the hotel is gorgeous, the staff wonderful, the beaches exquisite, and the food mediocre. I would definitely return to the Palace Macao.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>flynfan
<Content>Best of the RIU's       Sister  Hubby 1st day  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CTPJ
<Content>Great Trip to the RIU       bedroom  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tropicalconversion
<Content>Phenominal as Always! It's been 2 years since we had the pleasure of staying at the Riu Palace Macao. It was probably our 6th or 7th trip to this wonderful resort. We always travel with TNT but they really need to get their act togther. Leaving Boston - It was beautiful, We were supposed to leave at 10:00 AM, a Stewardess from X-tra Airlines called sick in 1 Hour prior to departure thus delaying the flight - The Airlines did manage to get a replacement but we left almost 1 hour late. This is a reflection on TNT for using this airline.Riu Palace Macao - Upon arrival they noticed we had been there many times and they upgraded us to a beautful suite.The Place HAS NOT fallen into Disrepair as some earlier posts have reported. It is still as intimate and warm as it always has been. The Only dis-repair we saw was that a number of chairs by the pool were cracked and broken and needed to be replaced - an easy fix.The Food at the main dining room was exquisite. Filet Mignon, Nice pasta station, anything you want If you can't find something excellent to eat - stay home. Our only complaint was that Lunchtime at the Caribe grill the wait staff was very un-attentive - Oh well, we tip and we tip well but not on those days!The Japanese Restaurant was excellent! The only thing they need to do is put on a CD with some Dulcimer music plunking on it (Maybe I'll send one) for atmosphere. Major Note to all: MEN Long pants are a requirement - We were very glad to see that the dress code was enforced and men had to go and dress. Blue Jeans is NOT considered dress pants - get some nice linens or khakis - you're only embarrasing yourself!  We did walk over to the new RIU Palace Punta Cana - It is very cold and sterile - alot of nasty vile drunks hanging around the pool and attractive (And not so attractive) people who wanted to be seen and show off what they considered a body. No Thank you WAY to high maintenance for us! Note to Americans - Please do NOT bring your cut -off jeans to wear as a bathing suit - Tacky, Tacky - we saw a dude (from America) wearing his red-neck cut -off jeans - Buy a bathing suit -Unfortunately you are embarrassing all of us!Last Note to All: The RIU Palace Macao is NOT a place for young crying 3 and 4 year olds - There were several and you parents should be ashamed for letting them wail/scream and distrupt everybody's vacation! The Pool here is very deep and is not a childs pool - Go to the RIU Bamboo where they have a kids club! You can't tell me your children had fun swimming on the top step!Coming Home - Once again the Flight was delayed by 2 hours - no explanation!All is well at the Macao, Enjoy, and Relax! It's wonderful!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CNorm
<Content>A good choice My sister and I (ages 50 and 43) just returned from a 4-night stay at the RIU Palace Macao. Overall, we liked it. The rooms are decorated in a colonial style and the bathroom is Euro modern. It was very nice and comfortable. I've read other reviews that mentioned uncomfortable beds, but we did not have that problem, though it would be nice if the hotel did upgrade the sheets/pillowcases. And thanks to my sister and me, room 3384 now has a brand new TV. There was an on-going problem and the hotel definitely worked to address it, but finally realized that a new TV was in order. It's not that we sat in our room and watched TV all day long, but we both liked to turn it on in the morning when we got up and would set the sleep timer when we went to bed.The hotel, overall, was very well-maintained. I did not see dirt or mold (things other reviewers mentioned). Yes, your room will have a bit of a moldy smell when you first enter. That's the nature of hotel rooms in a tropical climate. We got used to it quickly and never noticed it again. While we certainly did not ingest the tap water (it is not potable), we did use it to brush our teeth and did not get sick at all.The food is fairly decent. On a scale of 1 to 10 (10 being the best), I'd rate it a 7. Always found something we liked on the buffet, which offered an array of choices. Because of our short stay, we did not get to try all the a la carte restaurants. You have to make reservations for them (early in the morning of the evening you want the reservation) and we were lazy about it, though we did manage to get into the Japanese restaurant and enjoyed it very muchThe drinks could have used more alocohol, but if you wanted more, the bartenders gladly added more. Everyone was friendly and helpful.The night time shows were pretty good, all local talent. And these people obviously work very hard to entertain you. It's not Broadway or Las Vegas (then again, you're not paying $100 p/p for a show), but entertaining, though sometimes corny. The clientele was also nice to see. It was definitely an eclectic mix of people: I'd have to say about 40% Europeans, 40% Canadians and 20% Americans. And every age range was included. Also, I'd have to say that the people skewed towards upscale, though not overly so.The beach: while I can't say it's the most beautiful beach I've ever been to, it's certainly the longest. You can, literally, walk for miles. The RPM is on a lovely palm-fringed piece of property. My sister and I only went to the pool in the late afternoon (for our frozen yogurt fix). We very much liked being at the beach, though we didn't love the abundance of seaweed in the, otherwise, turquoise water. However, just walk down a bit and it goes away. Please don't misunderstand, we did like this beach; we're just a bit jaded from previous travels.Shopping: nothing much to speak of. There is an area called Caribbean Street that divides RPM with the RIU Taino and RIU Naiboa (both next door). It has shops, a travel agency, a pool hall of sorts, a couple of sundries shops, a couple of bathing suit stores, and a couple of nick-nack stores. Did not have the yearning to purchase anything. Also on Caribbean Street is the Fitness Center. Both my sister and I are exercise nuts and this fitness center was sub par. Not much equipment (though they had a lot of weights) and what they did have was very old and in need of repair and/or replacement. There were two treadmills that weren't the best, but we made do.The RIU Palace Macao is a good, solid choice. I don't think you could really go wrong here. However, if I were to return to Punta Cana, I think I would choose the neighboring RIU Palace Punta Cana. It's a definite step up. My sister and I liked the pool area better; there are more restaurants; it has a more elegant feel; and (important to my sister and me) a real gym. However, we could not use their facilities (we just looked) b/c this RIU is the flagship.Other things to know: when you check in, immediately fill out the RIU Club Card application (it's free). It gives you discounts at all sorts of things (like internet usage, store discounts, and discounts on massages at the massage huts on the beach). Another thing is that, although these resorts are not that far from the airport (approx. 20 miles), it takes a good 50 minutes to get there. The roads are terrible, very broken up. There has been land that was cleared for building better roads, but nothing yet. Also, it's very important that you arrive back at the airport at least 2 hrs. before your flight or you may well miss it (though your ground tour operator will see to it...our guy at Prieto Tours -- which is the ground operator in the D.R. for GoGo Worldwide Vacations -- arrived 10 minutes early). The security line (although it moved) was 45-minutes long. And we had to show our passports at least 4 times before boarding the plane.I can probably say more, but this is quite long and, I hope, helpful as well.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MetalGirl
<Content>Riu Palace Macau       Riu Macau Pool  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>houseofpayne
<Content>Not great but not bad either We stayed at the hotel in Jan 2007. Our first room had mold in the shower so we requested and received a newer room. The newer room still had mold but not as bad as the first room.After speaking to other tourists, they stated that mold in rooms are par for course in tropical destinations so we just excepted it.The other concerns was the quailty of the bed. In both rooms they were very old and curling in the middle. To make matters worse, they didn't use fitted sheets, so during the night you end up having your skin touch the mattress. Gross!The food was above average for a buffet. If it was not all inclusive, I would have paid for better food. The staff were very friendly and we had a very good time. We were there from Thursday to Monday which was plenty of time.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaasmith
<Content>Wow...Amazing!! We just returned from a one week vacation at the Riu Palace Macao and all I have to say is WOW! We all had an amazing time! There is so much to do and we had access to 3 other Riu Hotels!The beach was beautiful, but crowded in some spots. Don't listen to other reviews about waking up extra early to get a spot on the beach. Our group didn't hit the beach until 10-10:30am and we always got a prime spot that stayed in the sun all day.The food was excellent! Breakfast, lunch and dinner! if you go, you have to try all the all the la carte restaurants!! The buffet was also a god option if you were looking for variety and did not want to order off a menu.The rooms were clean clean clean!!! and every night we had turn down service! you can also order room service if you want a little something to nibble on after a day in the sun!This was a top notch hotel. I really enjoyed my stay and I look forward to returning in the next year. If you are looking to book a trip to Punta cana...stay at the Riu Palace Macao OR even the new Riu Palace Punta Cana!!!...do not bother booking at any other hotel. We talked to people at the air port who said they stayed at other 5 star resorts and they all gt sick, the food was really bad and it was just boring boring boring!!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanadaClaudia-TRIP
<Content>Great food and service My family and I just returned from a 1 week stay at the Riu Palace Macao. This is what we thought was good:-Great buffet, lobster tail and caviar.-Great service, I changed my room on the first day and the front desk was very helpful and accomodating. ( I don't like rooms on the bottom floor). -A waiter accidentally spilled a drink on my dress and it was dry cleaned and back in my room the next morning.-Pool area was quiet and clean.-Pool area restaurant and bar were open to late in the day.-Great beach.-No pressure to join pool games five times a day as at other resorts.-Daily aerobics in the pool and beach.-We were able to drink and eat and the other four Rius in the resort (we couldn't eat or drink at the new Riu Palace).-Easy towel service, we weren't constantly worried about losing our towel cards as at other resorts.What we would change if we could:-Rooms are a bit dated and our friends complained that the bedding smelled (ours did not).-Mattress was not very comfortable.-Daily activities were posted in the lobby which did not make the times easy to find.-The fitness room wasn't air conditioned and poorly taken care of.-We only tried one a la carte restaurant, it was good but not as good as the buffet. I would stay at this resort again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>kenandpaul
<Content>Enjoyable return trip but the Macao is begining to fade. We have just returned from our one week return trip to the RIU Palace Macao. After numerous visits to this resort we feel that we need to write a detailed review of our most recent experience at the Macao now in the shadows of the new RIU Palace Punta Cana.About us: We are a couple that has traveled extensively over the past 14 years in the Caribbean 2 or 3 times each year. Without a doubt we are true sun and ocean worshippers who seek out incredible beaches with powder white sand and clear Caribbean blue waters. Furthermore we enjoy personalized service, comfortable and well appointed accommodations. My partner being a private retreat chef here in Ontario, we also seek, good quality food that is presented with elegance and artful mastery. After visits to numerous islands and tropical locals we discovered Punta Cana 6 years ago and now view it as our home in paradise. In Punta Cana we have traveled numerous times to the RIU Palace Macao, once to the RIU Bambu and to the Bahia Principe Club Diamond.Planning and Booking: Our trip was planned using the very knowledgeable and professional guidance of Robyn at Itravel2000.com. Through her guidance and efforts we were able to find the best pricing and leaving at a date and time that were accommodating to our pocketbook and schedule. She answered our numerous emails promptly and with concise and accurate information. Who ever said that you did not get personalized treatment with an online travel company has never dealt with Robyn, who we will continue to book our trips with.Departure and Flight with Skyservice: We arrived at the airport within the three hour recommended timeframe and we were able to secure exit seats. I highly recommend attempting to secure these seats when you arrive at the airport (you can not pre-book these seats) as all others are completely unbearable. Our luggage was weighed and we were under weight, so no charge. Be warned baggage over is charged $10 per kilo.The flight was rather uneventful but made entertaining by the bumbling dialogue made by the head Skyservice flight attendant who stumbled through every announcement that she read. The flight was made further entertaining by the in-flight movie, not because the movie was entertaining, but rather by the further bumbling errors of the same flight attendant who first started the film then 1/5 of the way through after making an error with the sound system for one side the plane, restarted the film, then made an announcement 1/5 of the way through the movie and could not get the movie restarted so she went back to the beginning. Well if we missed anything in the beginning of the movie, we definitely caught it by the third time we saw it! The in-flight snack was a chicken quesadilla and other little packages of snacks such as cheese and crackers. All of this passes the time and tries to take your mind off the fact that you are cramped and uncomfortable and that most of the way you have someoneéˆ¥æªš elbow shoved into your side éˆ¥?and that is in an exit seat where you have the luxury of a little more room.Arrival at the Dominican Airport: As you walk off the airplane the warmth of the Caribbean night air kisses your face and you know that all of the discomfort on the airplane was definitely worth it. You exit the aircraft and walk towards the airport that is an open air thatched roof building. Get ready to smile as you enter the terminal there are two young ladies there to greet you in traditional Dominican garb who you will have your picture taken with as you pass through the entrance. These photos will be available for sale for $5 US when you leave the island a week or two later. The process to enter the island is smooth, have your passport, and blue Dominican tourist ready and wait in line to have them processed. As you wait you will be soothed by the mariachi musicians playing and the warmth of the Caribbean air. The line moves quickly. Once you have completed this process you collect your luggage and head out into the main lobby of the airport, where you will find a Sunquest rep who will point you towards the Sunquest bus which will take you to your resort. At the bus you will sign in and be given an orientation meeting invitation. At this point sit back on the air-conditioned bus and enjoy the scenery out the window and listen to the Caribbean music played. Arrival at The RIU Palace Macao: Arriving at night the week prior to Christmas we found that the palm trees that line the entranceway to the Macao a glow in hundreds of Christmas lights. The bus arrives and the luggage is taken off (make sure that your bag is taken off as the bus will likely stop at one or more other RIU properties). At reception you are given your tan wristbands, room key, safe key, towel card, and restaurant card along with luggage tags. Reception is warm, welcoming and informative and fluently delivered in English. A attentive bellhop quickly loads your luggage onto a brass luggage cart and shortly delivers your luggage to your room. The Room: We were very impressed with our third floor garden view room. We were pleasantly surprised to find we were given a corner room with three sliding balcony doors and wrap around balcony that forms into a large hexagon appointed with plantation style wooden rockers, cocktail table and drying rack. The room is appointed with two overstuffed comfortable wing chairs, small bistro table, two night stands, a large credenza that houses the mini bar, large closet that comes with approximately 10 hangers, iron and ironing board. The bathroom comes with tub/shower combination, bidet, well lit mirror, single sink and shaving mirror. The room and bathroom are outfitted with some limited toiletries (bottle of RIU shampoo/body wash, bar of RIU soap and shower cap.) You will also find a bar wall unit that houses several bottles of liquors including gin, rum gin and tequila I believe. The bar fridge has pop (Pepsi, diet Pepsi, 7Up orange soda, tonic and a large jug of water. You will also find two bottles of Bohemian Beer. Room Service: There is also a room service option for breakfast to 11:00 am and then a snack service including such items as a vegetarian sandwich, a BLT sandwich, Caesar with chicken, nachos and cheese to highlight a few.Orientation: Depending on whether you arrive in the morning or evening the orientation meeting will be held either on the day of arrival or the next morning. We always attend, but this time we wish we had not, the meeting started 20 minutes late and then all that we were told is where to find the Sunquest book that would list our departure time. Other than that the presenter struggled to explain the tours available. That was it! There was no information about the resort or the services provided.Late Night Snacks As we arrived at the resort at 11:00pm the late night snack bar was the only food option. It is located beside the pool. Here you will find a small salad bar and a small buffet serving fried chicken, fries, pizza, hamburgers, hot dogs and beans with rice. Once you are seated a waiter will come along taking drink orders. After two glasses of red wine were informed that they hand run out. Strange, we thought but decided it was because it was late at night and the waiter was on by himself he was unable to go to the main bar to get more. More on this lateréˆ¥? Piano Bar: Located next to the lobby across from the main buffet restaurant is the 24hour bar. This room definitely has a plantation feel to it, with dark, wide seated wicker chairs arranged in groupings of four around low cocktail tables. Here you can have drinks into the wee hours of the morning along with wonderful cappuccinos. Each evening you will find a variety of wonderful singers and piano players to entertain you. The last session ends around the time that the Pacha Disco opens (I believe that is 11:30). This is usually a wonderful room to sit back in and relax after spending many hours lounging in the sun.The Showroom: You enter the show room via the piano bar through huge heavy velvet drapes. The art deco dèŒ…cor continues and gives the illusion of entering the showroom of a vintage cruise ship. Most shows are entertaining to watch as you sip an evening cocktail that has been delivered to your table by one of the waiters. The Michael Jackson show (even if you are not a huge fan) should not be missed as well the Cabaret show was extremely well done.The Main Buffet Dining room: The dèŒ…cor here is definitely elegant and continues that art deco feel. During the evening you will find waiters and waitresses dressed in tuxedo shirts, vests, bowties and pants. At lunch the waiters are now dressed in colorful Caribbean flowered shirts and dark pants. Kabuki: The Japanese Restaurant is one of four a la carte restaurants for Macao guest to use. You are presented with a lovely plate of sushi and a menu. Next you are given a choice of several starters, entrees and dessert. We thoroughly enjoyed the Dominican version of sushi, then tempura, a wonderful shrimp stir-fry and then we were brought a tempura ice-cream and fruit to share. The food we found here to be very enjoyable but better than the food was the attentive waiteréˆ¥?he made the evening very relaxing and enjoyable.The food: There is a wide variety of food served at several buffet stations. During the evening there is always a carving station that always has something delectable. The roast duck and pork were quite memorable. At the main buffet area you will find a fish, beef and chicken entrèŒ…e at all three sittings as well as a variety of pastas and other vegetables and starches. There is always an abundance of cheeses and crackers at the cheese buffet, decadent desserts and a wide variety of fresh fruits Even the fussiest eater should be able to find something they find enjoyable. For those that are worried there is always French fries, rice, plain pasta and pizza!Pool and Pool Service: The pool is beautiful with elegant statues and fountains and is wonderful for cooling off in after basking in the sun. While floating in the pool or lounging in the sun, drink service is provided. The service of Jose was very notably attentive and professional. There is an abundance of loungers and a ready supply of fresh towels.The Beach: Breathtaking and endless. The sand is snow white and soft that extends into the ocean. The ocean bottom is clear and soft without being so soft that it feels muddy. There are lots of sun loungers available. People scope out there spots and do place there towels on the loungers and belongings but this is not a problem. As I have stated there are more than enough loungers and the resort was filled to capacity. Furthermore, your belongs are safe on chairs, though I donéˆ¥æª› recommend tempting individuals by leaving cameras on your chair while you go to lunch for an hour but while swimming this would not be an issue. We also left our books and shoes along with our towels beach bag and a couple of $US for tipping wait staff all day and had no problems. I guess the rule of thumb is donéˆ¥æª› leave anything on your chair that if it was taken your trip would ruined by. Departure: The bus picks you up at the resort about three hours earlier than departure and it escorts to the airport and gets you into the correct line. Be sure that your luggage is placed on the bus at the resort before you get on the bus. On our trip home one individual failed to ensure their bag was on the bus and had to leave the country without their belongs which would be sent to them at a later date.Skyservice: The scale mystery. As mentioned earlier, on the way down our bags weighed under the limit. They were loaded with sunscreen, health care products and gifts. All of these things were left on the island. We did not purchase anything and presto our bags were over weight???? First we were 7 kilos over then we were 5 kilos and finally we were 4 kilos over when weighed by the supervisor. First how did the weight keep changing??? The reason explained that our weight went up on our return was that our bathing suits were wet and maybe sand???? 4 kilos added due to 2 wet suits and sand? Something is not right. We are presently in contact with Skyservice.The flight home was miserable. We were not able to get aisle seats and we were crammed into the regular seats. We are average build men, one being 5éˆ¥? and myself 5éˆ¥?1. My knees were shoved into the back of the airplane seat in front of me so badly that I had to remove the aircraft magazines for a little extra room. Impressions of the Macao from someone who has been numerous times before: Seeing the Macao is like visiting a great movie starlet from an era gone by whoéˆ¥æªš makeup is starting to crack. If this is your first visit you will be very happy however, if you are a returning visitor you canéˆ¥æª› ignore that nagging feeling that things are not as grand as they use to be. -Management has changed since we were there last and we are not sure if that is a reflection of changing standards.This was another birthday trip and there was not any recognition made by the staff what so ever éˆ¥?even at the Bambu my partner was presented with a cake and the room was decorated with balloons and a small painting and bottle of room were left as a present. This was disappointing and totally out of character, especially after numerous emails were sent to R Miller in customer service. Furthermore, when checking in the date was left with the front desk. -The selection of food was good but not as extensive nor varied. The Gala Night fizzled in comparison to other Galaéˆ¥æªš.-Previously, in the evening you were given one waiter who you became familiar with and who know your likes and dislikes, red dry wine not chilled for example. It was all part of that small intimate resort service that made the Macao stand out. This was not the case on this trip we had a parade of evening waiters and at times you were not even sure who your waiter was. Breakfast service was lacking as well, quite often your dirty dishes were left sitting on your table. These are all areas that the Macao use to pride themselves with éˆ¥æ”utstanding Palace service.-The wine, one of the reasons we did not like the Bambu is the terrible wine that they served. The Palace always recieved a better quality wine than the other RIUs. Well the standard at the Macao has dropped to the same standard if not lower. They have also started to chill the wine to try and mask that it is starting to turn to vinegar. It seems on our first night we received the last two glasses of good red wine. Furthermore, at lunch sometimes your drink order was taken and never was filled.-The shows while entertaining are not of the same quality as in previous years. -The toiletries are not of the same standard and not replenished. Furthermore, sometimes you were given fresh towels in the evening and sometimes you were not. -When we arrived at the Macao we were told that we had exchange privileges with all RIUs but the new palace. We were assured that the Macao and the Palace Punta Cana were of the same status but the palaces remained exclusive. So we thought that made sense both Palaces had no exchange privileges with each other. This was not the case, the new RIU Palace Punta Cana have privileges at all resorts including the Macao. Here is the problem with that during our visit. The Palace Punta Cana had been invaded by a group of about 20 drunken mid twenty year olds who were heavy partiers and neither palace was set up for that BUT the Macaoéˆ¥æªš piano bar and casino were right beside their intimate piano bar. This group invaded the piano bar to get their buzz and every time they wanted a drink because the Macao would give them plastic drinking cups filled with alcohol that could be taken to the disco with them this became their evening hangout. It really did destroy the atmosphere. Management was completely aware of the issue of these individuals who even had the gall to go behind the bar to try and pour their own drinks if the bartender was serving someone else. The final straw was as they announced on their last evening that they were going to make themselves our (Macao guests) worst nightmare. I have to say that this did not happen in the previous years at the Macao not because out of hand partiers did not arrive at the Macao but because the management boldly put a stop to it.-The last straw, cockroaches, never had we encountered them at the Macao but we encountered one in our room and one in the dining room. This is just not acceptable for a RIU Palace. Yeas we only saw two but for us that was two too many.It is unfortunate that the Macao is allowing itself to fall this way. We loved the Macao and recommended it to many of our friends and family. My teaching partner was prepared to get married there but is now opting for the Palace Punta Cana instead. We loved the Macaoéˆ¥æªš art deco dèŒ…cor, the small intimate setting and the service that could not be surpassed at any other Punta Cana resort. We had planned to return to the Macao in July with family and then for 2 weeks the following March but have decided against that. Instead we are planning to return to the RIU but this time we intend to stay at the new RIU Palace Punta Cana in our opinion it is worth the few hundred dollars more. We are wondering when they will drop the Palace name from the Macao. If you are booked at the Macao you will have a lovely time and be quite happy with the service and the quality of the food, as long as you have not attended another RIU Palace because this is no longer be presented by management as the Palace it use to be.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>skylarlayne
<Content>Not what we expected We were to stay at the Riu Palace Macao for five nights, we stayed one. The facilities were old and mold was a definite problem for us. The room was outdated and not up to the four star rating as given on the internet website. The food and service were way below average. The drive to the resort was down right frightening.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>sonnylover
<Content>Disappointing for a 5 star! My husband and I travelled last year to Punta Cana and we stayed at a 4 star resort which we loved so I wanted to try a 5 star to see if I could get the upscale ambiance that I would expect from such a resort. I asked my travel agent whether she had a recommendation for the Macao or the new Palace Punta Cana. She mentioned that both should be top notch. Well, let me tell you, the Macao is a 1 star compared to the Palace Punta Cana. The new Palace is absolutelly spectacular!!! If you are looking for a 5 plus plus plus star resort then do not even hesitate which one of the five Riu's you should book. Everyone we spoke to, loved it and was in awe of its beauty and luxury. You feel like you are truly at a palace with all the amenities of a super luxurious resort. The irony is that the price is about the same as for the Macao so why not go for the best. I won't go into the negatives and positives of the Macao, but I am surprised this resort is not getting more negative reviews. Overall, Punta Cana is beautiful, with its long white sandy beach and turquoise water and perfect weather so just go to the new Riu Palace Punta Cana (NOT the Macao) and have an amazing vacation!!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>YNG
<Content>Christmas at RIU Palace Macao My husnabd, our 17 month old son, and I just returned from DR Punta Cana Macao. We stayed for 9 dyas and enjoyed every single moment. There are 5 RIU resorts together and all well connected. if you stay at Palace Macao or Palace Punta Cana, you can eat and drink at any of them. Macao is a very cozy resort and of a perfect size (not too big or small). People are great! They do everything to make your experience nice. You don't have to tip them but Please Do! They are great, all of them have families and they don't paid much.Food is very good (if you don't expect to eat tipical American food every day). They have the same menu for brealfast but it has everything you can possibly ask for. Quite good coffee all day long. Lots of good pork and bacon. Fruits are the best! We also had nice champaigne and lobsters for Christmas dinner.The best - beach activities: try them all! Walking on the beach at night and looking at starts was fantastic. Yes, beds are not the best but rooms are very clean and big. They maintain resort very well.In generall, you get a lot for what you pay! People are great and beach is perfect! ENJOY!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ED-TRIP
<Content>This is not a 5 Star This is our second visit to this hotel.We had been here 3 years ago and since my husband likes all-inclusive and we were looking for an affordable holiday, fast, we decided to return to the Palace Macao.I was extremely disappointed. 2 nights out of 7, our room was only being cleaned at 6:00pm. 1 day out of 7 it was cleaned before lunch.Bath tub had black mould in the corners; pillows smelled like dirty sweat...I even grabbed the extra pillows in the closet...they didn't smell as bad. The beds are the hardest bed I have ever slept (tried to sleep) in. The property needs a good sprucing up and defiantly new mattresses.The food at the buffet is always the same for lunch and breakfast. Dinner was o.k. But it is no longer what is used to be...just like a boring all-inclusive...The Speciality restaurants....well the Japanese was O.k....the Caribe was a joke. On our 5th day, during breakfast at the buffet restaurant I saw a couple of ladies jump and walk away, fast, this was near the cart with cheese and Fresh fruit, at the far end of the restaurant, when I approached, I saw the reason they had jumped was because of the huge cockroach was crawling near the cheese.We have been to other Riu resorts, and let me tell you that if you really want to go to Punta Cana, then do go to the Palaceéˆ¥?it is not a snooty hotel, but simply what the Palace Macao used to be. The Palace Macao does not deserve a 5 star rating anymore.Internet accesséˆ¥?$8.00 for 1 houréˆ¥?good and reliableéˆ¥îš®OWEVER if you take your laptop, you can walk to the sports bar in the Palace Punta Cana and surf for FREE. They have Free Wireless service in the Sports Bar areaéˆ¥î›‡nd nobody will kick you out. You are simply not allowed to order food or drinks.The beach is nice, BUT crowed. IT is nothing out of this world or breath taking. Same thing you find in Mexico or Cuba. Beaches in the Bahamas, Antigua, St. Marteen, British and US Virgin Islands, Turks and Caicos are nicer. Yes, if you compare it to Cuba and Mexico it is better, but if you are a seasoned traveller, and/or simply looking for a nice vacation, perhaps you should try elsewhere. I will not be returning.E.D. Toronto, Canada  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	2	1	

<Author>bethhage
<Content>Great hotel, service, beach - but some warnings!       Astron shipwreck off of Bambu beach  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>tennisguy22
<Content>Wonderful and Decadent My wife and I just returned from a five-night stay at the Riu Palace Macao. We had a wonderful visit, enjoying all aspects of the resort. It is about a one-hour nonscenic trip (32 bumpy miles) from the airport in a rather cramped small bus. The resort is truly beautiful and perfectly-maintained. It upgraded us to a very nice room facing the pool and the ocean. (It is difficult to see the ocean from almost all rooms because of all the trees.) The resort is truly all-inclusive -- with all food and drink free. One need not provide gratuities. The room is constantly supplied all types of beverages, including plenty of distilled water. (The tap water is not potable.) There is a good size private balcony with a table and chairs, that was a plus. The beds, bathroom, etc., were great. The food was fine and plentiful. The room's airconditioning was virtually silent. The staff was always friendly and well trained. The four tennis courts, which served the five-hotel Riu complex, were hard clay and just fair. A pro and his assistant were usually in attendance. One can make reservations, which are needed early in the day, for a court. There are nightly shows by different troupes, that are mostly just fair. The Folklorico Show was excellent. There are many athletic and other activities during the day. The one problem with the resort is at the pool area. People rush there early in the morning to stake out chaises with their towels, holding the chaises for the entire day, even when they are away doing other things. The resort should somehow prohibit this. The beach is great, and one can walk endlessly on it, passing other hotels. The island is sad and scrubby, and probably not very safe. We took a day-long tour to Oana Island, which cost $90 (USA) per person. It was not worth the money. It was difficult to understand the guide, and one was beseiged by vendors on the island. Its beach is not better than that of the resort. The boat rides to and from the beach were fun, with dancing and drinking on the cat return trip.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chevy9
<Content>OH WHAT A WEEK!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you are considering this resort, search no further. I have stayed in about 14 all inclusives in my life and this one was the best. The service number one is fantastic. All the staff will bend over backwards for the guests of this hotel. They even had staff who helped us find beach chairs in the morning and brought us mats for them. You will never get bored of the food. There is something different to eat each day and the buffet is spectacular. There is free room service for breakfast and snacks till 11pm. One of the bars is open till 7am each day. so you can drink all day and hight if you want. The maids do a wonderful job in the rooms and visit each evening for turn down service if you wish or just for new towels. Raphael and Herberito were our favourite bartenders at the all night bar.However watch out for Marco that works at the ceramic stand near the beach. You'll pay more than the asking price!! He is very funny to talk to though.We also went for a wonderful massage in the hut by the beach. 1hr=50US. You can go into an actual spa on the resort but they charge 10US more and you can't hear the relaxing sounds of the water.I could go on forever but the truth is that you will have a great time. Anyone who complains about this place is a extremely picky person and should not leave home ever!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>datman57
<Content>Thank You! We are a couple that are 49 y.o. , we have travelled through the caribean for the past decade and find that punta cana is our favourite destination, we are average working people who look forward to our travel vacation at least once a year, sometimes twice, finances allowing..lol....we love the beach and a good all inclusive,enough about us . The RIU Palace Macao is a top notch resort, they cater too the client.,period. First, the check-in was the best . What they did was take us of the bus , sit us in the lobby bar , order us a drink (i had a Barcelo Imperial on the rocks my wife had a mojito) nice touch ,we signed our guest cards ,they gave us a quick rundown on the resort,. They asked who has been to Punta Cana , How many times ? If you raised your hand after 2 times you had a bottle of champagne sent to your room, we answered after 5 times ,we also got a bottle of rum.we are looking at each other ,and saying we like this place... they give us our keys .We go to our room , it was nice , 2 double beds joined together under 1 headboard made it look like a supersized king bed .Clean ! the fridge was well stocked and well kept during our stay. The Bar was well stocked, but we never used it ,drank enough away from the room ...lol..The beach...what can i say ...the best! The Bars Fantastic! we like to test the bartenmders to make a specialty drink and they passed with flying colours ...kudos!the Restuarants ,we did only one a la carte, the steakhouse , it was great . cooked to perfection medium rare , we had dinner with friends .all were happy!, The rest of the dinners were at the buffet(ps to the men long pants required everywhere for dinner ...no problem) the food was fantastic ,i read complaints here about the food (21 yr olds ..kids this is not taco bell or kfc...lol) if you have a problem with caviar and filet mignon and fine food ,DONT COME HERE!...lol!Overall we loved it! IT WAS FANTASTIC! and if RIU mgmt is reading this A HEARTFELT THANK YOU! KUDOS!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>liiiiii
<Content>Our wedding May 24 2006 We got married in Punta Cana in May 2006. It was a beautiful wedding, very little stress and hasle. We had 22 guests and they all stayed at different Riu resorts. The Riu Palace is beautiful and the food is also very good. Beaches are amazing and the wather is warm. Before we left, we read a lot of nice things about the wedding coordinator Magnolia. Well, she was just OK, she didn't exactly go out of her way to help us........ we wanted our reception in the Bamboo hotel, because it's more private. None of our guests were staying there, she told us that it may be a problem, because the manager of that hotel doesn't like when there are so many people(from different Riu's) coming to their hotel at the same time for dinner. We may have to pay extra $30 per person , even though it's all inclusive. She said she'll try her best and if we can't do it then she was asking for cash. Needless to say we didn't like that at all, so when she called back and told us, we have to pay extra, we went to the main manager and he said we don't have to pay for anything !Anyway, it didn't spoil our wedding and we had a great time. Make sure you know your rights and that way you won't get riped off.Lydia and Tony  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CaribeTraveller
<Content>A Little Slice of Heaven This was our second Riu, a step up from the Riu Yucatan which was a very nice property in Playa del Carmen. We just wante to try a Palace.The staff were exceptionally friendly, but not pushy. The animacion staff were professional and fun. The food was plentiful and artfully presented. The drinks were adequate, but no beach service. The beach bar, however, was a good place to hang out.Riu is a Spanish group, catering more to Europeans and Canadians, but we noticed a lot more US citizens in Punta Cana. Five star in the Caribbean is NOT five star in New York.We loved our experience. The evening entertainment was poor to mediocre, yet there we were every night cheering them on!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>composthappens
<Content>Great Vacation at the Riu Palace Macao       Entrance to the Palace Macao  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cclovestravel
<Content>Excellent Vacation and Value My husband and I just returned from the Riu Palace Oct. 16-20, 2006, (punta cana), I must say...we really had a ball. I've read some of the neg reviews about it...but I beg to differ!The shows were nice, some better than others but worth while, it all depends what you're in to. I have a broad mind and am therefore open to new and interesting entertainment, so I must say I really did enjoy the nightlife. I also read what someone wrote about the Casino... In part I agree that the Slots in the Sports Bar are not designed to WIN, in fact I spoke with most people to get there experience and feel for it...No one won a jackpot, or even coins worth cashing in. However, I took the Shuttle on two seperate nights to the casino at Macao and I must tell you I hit the first night on the slots for $75 bucks ($20 investment) and the forth night of my stay I hit for $275 bucks. Oh, and did I mention, I never take more than $25 dollars along to a casino...I'm a cheap skate. The beds were very hard...I like firm but not cardboard!! I'm keeping it real with ya. The housekeeper had to bring in a second storage blanket to place under the sheets. But all in all, it became tolerable. The grounds are kept and very well manicured. I didn't see one Gepco...and I can't begin to tell you my relief as I've stayed at other Punta Cana properties, and my husband thought that I'd come down with a nervous condition...because I became agitated and kept jumpting everytime I'd seen one in the past.The food was great. However, after a couple of days of the same food cooked a different way...can make you tired fast. We did make reservations for two of the specialty restaurants.. (Brazilian and Japanese). The down side is that you have to make reservations between 10am-1pm...if you partied like heck the night before... sometimes can be very discouraging. Don Manuels was fine with me, it was my husband who had a taste for venturing. I did enjoy the Brazilian Restaurant, but the Japanese one left a little to be desired. Not a great menu selection.I love it so much there, that I am going back for my anniversary in March.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kristina1217
<Content>Nice hotel, bad food       The beach by the Riu  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>sburnie
<Content>Great Beach, Great Food, Great Fun This was our first All Inclusive holiday. It is definitely going to give our next trip a run for its money. The Beach was amazing, the sand is like powder. The food was also really good. I wasn't sure what to expect, as other reviews state that it was the same thing everyday. I agree that the basics were the same everyday, but they did change it up enough so you had something new to try every sitting. Although I got into the habit of having this one type of fish almost every evening. The staff are amazing, you ask and you shall receive. They are all very pleasant and more than willing to serve with a smile. The rooms are beautiful, dark mahogany wood, large bed and ample supply of towels. The floors were mopped daily and the mini bar replenished regularly. The grounds were impecable. We even had the opportunity to have a fresh coconut which we had specifically cut off the tree for us by one of the grounds people. It really was an amazing trip. Having only been on cruises I wasn't sure how I was going to like having to stay in one place for a week. looking back at it now I wish we could have stayed longer. I will definitely be going back to the Palace.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>beachgirl0320
<Content>Riu Palace Macao - LOVED IT!! I absolutely would recommend this hotel for couples...not so much for people looking to meet someone. I was worried regarding all the reviews about it being an older crowd...it wasn't...it was a great mix. Pools:The pool is nice and but we never went in our pool, we went to the bambu pool which is a lot bigger and has a swim up bar and more active. Beach:The beach is absolutely beautiful...had a bar on the beach so we didn't have to go up to the pool area for a beverage which was really nice. Also had lunch at the Caribe Grill which was awesome with the breeze coming through. They had the best Pina Colada's. Drinks:Make sure at the swim up bars that they put alcohol in the premixed drinks. Food:The food was good...about what we expected. You'll never go hungry....that's for sure. Bring flip flops...no need for real dressy high heeled sandals. I took too many shoes and only wore 2 of them the whole time.It's about a 35 minute drive from the airport and when you arrive to check in, they give you a cold fruit punch which is nice.The room was awesome...we had a corner room so we had a huge wrap around balcony so i would try to get one of those.If you have any questions, please ask.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lewismaudlin
<Content>Hold'Em Poker with Carlos OK, I actually stayed at the RIU Palace Punta Cana next door. However, the real story was at the Macao. They have a Casino that is pretty typical for DR. The slot machines do not pay well. The blackjack is suspect. An old trick for unregulated casinos is to remove face cards from the deck and replace them with 4's and 5's. This does not mean the house will win, but it increases the houses edge significantly. Instead of a 1% advantage, the house may have a 10% advantage, thereby increasing their edge tenfold.The real story though was their TEXAS HOLD'EM game. It was a $5 sb, $5 bb, $100 buy-in no limit hold'em game. It was extremely easy. Even the regulars played very poorly. I could not believe how easy the game was. The house cut is 5% but that is easily overcome since it is a no limit game with very inexperienced players. Try the game. A nice guy at the table is Carlos who is a regular and a local. Tell him Luis sent you.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laurenjw
<Content>Fantastic!! We got married here in 2005 and are now booked to go back next year (2007).If you are planning to get married here it is definately the perfect location and setting.Our wedding was wonderful, everything went exactly to plan thanks to our great rep and the lovely wedding co-ordinator, Magnolia. We went to the Riu Palace Mexico in Playacar in June 2006 although it was lovely it doesn't compare to the Riu Palace Macao.At the riu palace macao you have everything that a holiday is meant to be:Delicious fresh food, lovely clean rooms, helpful  friendly staff, beautiful beach, reserved beach area, relaxing atmosphere, drink orders taken from the pool (inc champagne), optics and minibar in room (which you could change if you didn't like what was in there previous).What more could you want/need.The hotel is a nice size, you really receive a personal service. All the little touches really make a difference.Definately the best hotel we've ever been to.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jwd55
<Content>Loved the Palace Macao My wife and I just returned after an 8 night stay at the Palace Macao. Having traveled to Aruba, Mexico, Costa Rica I would have to rate Punta Cana at the top of our list along with Aruba.Pro's1. Beach, the best I've ever seen2. Hotel , very clean, great rooms. Payed for a superior room was up graded to a suite.3. Dining, Very good food, ate at the main buffett 6 nights, Steakhouse and carribean. Meat is not what we expect in a US rest. but good.4 Staff, the best I've ever encountered anywhere in the world. Although a dollar or two here and there goes a long way.5. Grounds, spotless they work 24-7 to keep it that way.Con's1. And the only one was house keeping, although our room was keep clean, we were never provided with enough towels or wash cloths. In our first 5 days our initial 2 washcloths were only replaced once. Glad we listened to prior reviews and purchased 20 cheap washcloths prior to our trip.Would rate this resort 4+ and not 5 only because of house keeping. Also one more point, don't believe T-Mobile when they tell you your cell phone will work there, It won't.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>VirtualKitty
<Content>Truly Amazing!!!!!! First, let me begin by saying (like many other people that gave reviews) éˆ¥æ·—ow could anyone have anything bad to say about this place??!!éˆ¥?A friend and I stayed and Riu Palace Macao from July 20th to July 23rd and my only complaint was that my trip was entirely too short. The resort is absolutely fabulous. The grounds are very well kept and my room was phenomenal. Naturally, I was concerned about the reviews Iéˆ¥æªe read and was very concerned that I may be disappointed. I was amazed. Many of the other guests were from Europe on holiday for 1 or 2 weeks and therefore I can understand the many complaints Iéˆ¥æªe read about the food. If you stay anywhere for longer than a week the food does get boring. My short stay however didnéˆ¥æª› give me the opportunity to get bored with the food and I found it to be pretty good. My friend and I did have stomach issues the last day but I think it was because I drank the bottled mineral water that I had sent to my room. Overall no issues with the food. The restaurants were very nice and we especially liked the Japanese. Unfortunately I am allergic to shrimp and of course Iéˆ¥æª“ stubbornéˆ¥?.so letéˆ¥æªš just say packing the Benadryl was a good idea.  The staff was extremely pleasant. Anything we asked for we got. I managed to write our housekeeper a note in Spanish asking for bottled water and more club soda for our room and it was there before the end of the day. Our favorite bartender William for the Tiki Bar on the beach was the best. After a while, all he had to do was see me coming toward the bar and he was ready with the éˆ¥æ·oppaCabanaséˆ¥? éˆ¥æ·¢ojitoséˆ¥? Knowing little Spanish is certainly a good idea. Beside the normal greetings, the 2 phrases that I would receommend are; éˆ¥æ·’onde esta el bano?éˆ¥?(Where is the bathroom?) and éˆ¥æ·’eme otro trago por favor?éˆ¥?(May I have another drink please?). Trust meéˆ¥?these came in handy!The beach at the Riu Palace Macao was the best out of all the resorts. My friend and I decided to walk the length of the beach checking out all of the resorts. The newest resort Riu Palace is absolutely gorgeous, however because the palm trees are still young there wasnéˆ¥æª› much shade like Riu Macao. The beaches at the other Riu resorts just didnéˆ¥æª› seem to be as beautiful as Riu Macaoéˆ¥æªš. We got the opportunity to check out the festivities on Caribbean Street and we enjoyed it a lot. During one of our éˆ¥æ¸žesort hoppingéˆ¥?trips we even saw the Michael Jackson show at Bambu. That was pretty funnyéˆ¥?and entertaining at the same time. The only nightlife at the Riu was at the Pacha nightclub on Caribbean Street. I learned how to dance Bachata on the beach and got the chance to try it out at Pacha. All I can say is that I am still looking for a song that we heard that night. We had a ball. It was so amazing partying among so many different people. You have to pay for drinks in the nightclub but you would be crazy to do so. We had our fill of mojitos prior to going to Pacha so we were ready to party! So I suggest getting your drink on before going.I could truly go on and on about my stay at Riu Palace Macao. This resort was amazing and I am seriously considering spending my Christmas there with my entire family.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raegirl
<Content>sick as a dog Once we arrived at the hotel we were relieved. The view from the airport to the resort was amazing. DIRTY!! is all you can say. The hotel was very nice and clean. After the first two days, my husband began to fill sick. (he has the best immune system in the world.) We spend most of the day in our room. The next day he felt a little better. Two days after this I became ill (diarrea and vomiting uncontrollably). A doctor had to come to my room and sent me to the local hospital/clinic. I was hooked up to IV's and they drew blood. The results showed that I had some type of bacteria from something I ate (food poisoning). I had to pay $450.-00 in hospital bills along with $40 for transportation to the hospital. We ended up in the room for the rest of the stay -3 days. The hotels only response was YOu ate the wrong food. We have 600 and some other guests here, we can't just worry about you It was the food there that got me sick!!ALso, they say it is a 24 hour all inclusive resort. You can only eat dinner at 7 or 9. There is no place that you can just go and eat whenever you want. ALso, they say that the pizzeria is free on carribean street. when you get there, it is not free. AND it is only opened at 11 pm.Be wise when choosing an all inclusive resort. CHeck into  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goinaway19
<Content>Fabulous Hotel - Beware of the Casino / Double Jackpot!!! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Riu Palace Macao from 7/19 through 7/25. We had a fabulous time. Don't expect too much from the food, but the service, views and beaches are fantastic. On our last night we were scammed into a casino game called Double Jackpot, lured with free chips. Beware this game as it is a SCAM. I couldn't believe that I had even played, then returned to the states, thought about it some more and did some research. YOU CAN NOT WIN! They will start you for free, then take your cash, then convince you to give your credit card. [--------------]will explain everything. The game is in the back left corner of the Casino. It will be run by the only American working in the casino. It will appear that you are about to win. You are not. DO NOT RUIN YOUR VACATION or potentially your life. Stay away from this game. I am not a gambler and I'm an extremely strong willed person. Yet, I found myself sucked into this game, thinking I could win, it is total manipulation / fraud, and I am now trying to figure out what to do. We never had a chance. BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE! I only wish someone had warned us before we lost so much on our last night.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>1	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Droplet6383
<Content>Best Vacation Yet!!       The beach  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Debora
<Content>Paradise at the Place July 16th 2006 - Toronto Canada My husband and I have just retured from our 2nd visit from this wonderful resort!!! What can I say....except the venue, weather, food, staff and the beach were outstanding!!!!Although out flight from Toronto was delayed by 4 hours, we had no touble checking in!!!!I would and have recommened this resort to family and friends!!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swaggy
<Content>Great place to stay Me and my wife stayed at Riu Palace Macao July 14-19th. We went here because my sister-in-law stayed here last August and she loved it. What we didn't know was that Riu Palace Punta Cana, which is the newer resort just down the beach from RIU Palace Macao, was built earlier this year. In my opinion the new resort is much nicer (can't argue with new) so I would recommend it to anyone considering any of the RIU Palaces in Punta Cana. Besides, if you stay at the new place, then you are allowed to use any of the facilities of the other lesser resorts but they cannot use yours. Some tips for travelers:- bring lots of small bills for tipping, USD is the preferred currency here- men must wear pants to dinner- Caribe Grill has the best view of the ocean so be sure to reserve it early in the morning because space is limited and seats fill up quick - stay away from tap water, drink bottled only and try to avoid ice in your drinks. I tried hard but apparently not hard enough as we both got Giardiasis and must take antibiotics for a week now. Otherwise it was a relaxing stay and we enjoyed it very much.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ohiotraveller1
<Content>Wonderful vacation!! My husband and I stayed in this resort during Thanksgiving. We went for our honeymoon and loved it!!. The beach is wonderful, much better than the other side of the island. We did not have difficulty finding beach chairs as some people mentioned in the reviews. We spent most of our time on the beach and did not go to the pool that much. The food is fine. There are lots of choices so it is not hard to find something you like. The restaurant on the beach is very good. The rooms are a little old but it didn't matter for us since we were going there for the beach. Most people do not speak English but you can still get by. They are very helpful. Also, you have to remember that you are going to a different country. We highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dee19th
<Content>WOW!! We stayed at the Palace for just 2 wonderful nights but had a fantastic experience!! First things first: Check in was quick and easy and we received welcome drinks (virgin). Our suite was elegant and had a jacuzzi. The bar and refrigerator was well stocked. The air-conditioning worked extremely well and was easy to adjust when necessary! The pool at the Palace is perfect for the couple or person seeking tranquility, on the other hand if a little action is what you're seeking, check out the pool at the nearby Bambu Riu!! In terms of the beach area, one has not seen a more beautiful beach until you've experienced the beach here! The food was great in the two restaurants we ate at. Overall, the service was wonderful and I must commend the assistant director, I believe his name was Roberto for being so attentive and professional!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Resort! My boyfriend and I stayed at this resort from June 28-July 5 and had a wonderful time. We booked through Apple Vacations and had a worry free trip. There are so many great things about this resort. The grounds are gorgeous. Very lush and well taken care of. We loved all of the palm trees by the beach that provided shady spots to escape the sun. The resort staff was very accommodating and willing to do anything to make us happy. The food was good (not phenominal, but good) with lots of variety. I read a few reviews saying the pool was small, but it seemed fine to me, even if it's not as big as other resorts. We were at the beach the entire time because the ocean breeze kept it much cooler there than at the pool. There were also plenty of activities during the day and night. We went on two excursions, one to the Marinarium and the other to Santo Domingo. I was disappointed with the snorkeling at the Marinarium. Unfortunately the coral is mostly dead and there are very few fish. My boyfriend wanted to snorkel with the sharks and rays, but I was not happy to see that they were in an enclosed cage in the middle of the ocean. We swam into the cage and were able to swim with them, but there were so many other snorkelers around and it was too crowded.The Santo Domingo trip was definitely worth the 3 hour bus trip each way. Along the way we were able to see a lot of the countryside and many small villages. The Colonial City of Santo Domingo is very pretty.........nice architecture and interesting history.A few recommendations...........men need to bring long pants for dinner and don't drink the water out of the sink in the room. The water provided at the restaurants and the bottled water in the room are fine. We didn't have any intestinal issues............we stayed away from salads and any fruits that were not peeled. Bring US cash to purchase souveniers, etc. Shop owners give discounts if you pay in cash, but no discounts for credit cards. We had a very relaxing and enjoyable vacation!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hoosier81
<Content>Loved it all! Great anniversary getaway. My husband  I spent June 19 through June 24th at the RIU Palace Maco for our 25th wedding anniversary. It was a dream vacation in paradise! We found the room to be beautiful and VERY clean. The dark wood furniture is very elegant. The beds were comfortable and view was decent, although our room was in a corner. We did not have any problems with our room and the staff called several times to ask if there were any. Whenever we asked for things such as more towels or bottled water, it came very quickly.The beach was beautiful and the nearness of the coconut palms to the ocean adds to the wonderful tropical feel. As you walk to the beach from the pool you walk through a paradise of tropical foliage covering sandy niches where lounge chairs abound. You can choose the shady tropical paradise for lounging or bask in the sun on the sandy beach. I was afraid (from the pictures) that the walk to the beach was long, but it is not and it is beautiful. We walked to each of the other RIU resorts and found that we loved the beach area of the Macao the best. The new Palace Punta Cana was pretty, but did not have the lush established palms and foliage since it is to new. The pool and swimup pool bar at the Bambu was a fun place to visit. There were more children at the other resorts. We did not do any tours but talked to people who were happy with the Samoa island trip which stops at a natural swimming pool in the middle of the ocean. We loved the variety of people from so many nationalities-lot of German, French and Spanish heard all around. We couldn't usually understand them, but love this meshing of cultures. We found several Americans to hang out with and loved meeting new people. We had American happy hour at the beachside bar on most afternoons. (Hi Mike, Mike  Janine, Chris  Jennifer, Stefani and Yolanda!) There were often events near the pool or the beach which the wonderful staff put on--contests, dance lessons (merengue, salsa, bachata) and aerobics. At night we tried the disco (Pacha) but the strobe light made us crazy. We attended the Michael Jackson show on Wed. night and enjoyed that. Our only complaint was that we didn't get much chance to use our new dance steps. The buffet restaurant is absolutely beautiful and looks like a 5 star big city elegant restaurant. We could always find plenty we liked to eat. Breakfast was our favorite. The service was always good and some of our favorite waiters spoke limited English, but we were always able to get them to understand what we wanted in some way. We vow to learn more spanish before returning! We took a small phrase book. We found that the staff varies greatly on their English and many could not understand what we asked. But, hey, we were in their country and I think we should work harder at speaking their language. Everyone was very pleasant. Tips were not expected but were graciously accepted. We ate at the Kabuki Japanese restaurant, but found the food so-so and the time it took to get through all the courses too long. We usually lunched at the beachside Caribe grill--beautiful ocean view. We have stayed in a Sandals in Jamica (Montego Bay) and this place wins, no contest. We would definitely return and stay at the Macao.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcome to paradise!       5 minutes in the room and she's already got a drink!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation - Great Stay! Our family stayed at the Riu Palace Macao the week of June 12th. We brought 2 of our 5 kids, they are ages 12  16. They had a great time, except my daughter ended up catching a stomach virus that her aunt had at the time of our departure and ended up staying in the room for part of the trip, but what a great room to stay in! NOTE! - SHE WAS NOT SICK FROM THE FOOD OR WATER. *THE ROOM - We stayed in a suite with an ocean view and pool view. It was perfect. There is a huge balcony that runs along the side of the suite and there are 3 sliding glass doors. Beware that the doors have sensors to automatically cut off the A/C in the suite if you open the doors. Just be sure and shut the door back so the A/C will come on. The minibar has Pepsi, not Coke products. There is 7-up and club soda to go along with the alcohol dispensor on the wall. The maids come around about 3 times a day to make sure the room and balcony is swept and mopped, cleaned, re-filled with drinks, towels, etc.*THE BEACH - Outstanding is all I can say. We stayed on the beach - all the time. There is a shipwreck off of the coast and the water is very blue and clear. We purchased goggles and searched the shallow waters for pieces of old coral and shells. I've been to Cancun, and this place has the beaches in Cancun beat. *THE EURO'S - Topless women and speedos for the men at the beach and the pool. Trying to put it nicely...look the other way. You get used to it after a while, and sometimes quite comical. They are not very friendly, sometimes caught a stare and laugh from some of them sitting next to us at the steakhouse. We wondered if this was the meaning of euro trash. They mainly keep to themselves and do not respond if you walk by and say hi. But then again, I didn't go there to make friends with anyone. *THE FOOD - At it best, okay. However, you must remember that they do not cater to Europeans or Americans. They cook the way they want to cook it. They do have a lot to choose from in the El Patio. We do recommend the Steakhouse by the pool because they do have the best Cream of Tomato Soup I have ever tasted, and I don't like Tomato soup. But I have it a shot, and ate there the next night.*THE POOL - Great size - larger than you can imagine. The photos even make it look small. We did not go to swim in a pool, if we wanted to swim in a pool I would have stayed home. We went for the beach.If you go for rest and relaxation, you're at the right place. It was not boring as some of the reviews have said, even my teens had a great time. They have activities in the pool, games on the beach and they have excursions for purchase. We went on a $31.00 snorkeling tour that took us in a boat out to a coral reef and we jumped in, swam around and had a good time. Would have probably purchased a nicer $80 snorkeling tour, however we wanted to make sure the kids got the hang of it before we paid more $ for something that they could not grasp. The fish will swim up to you and swarm you while in the water. They said we could have brought a banana (we forgot) and that the fish will eat it. If you venture over to the Bambu you must have a Banana Mama. Those things are awesome. There is more of a younger crowd. I would guess that the average age at the Macao was maybe 30 something, not older-older as I had anticipated from the reviews.We will be going back, actually talking about coming back next year with the younger kids.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely Recommend The Rui Palace is breathtaking from first arrival to departure. Most of the staff is fluent in english and are super friendly. The rooms are nice even though instead of a king bed as we had selected we ended up with two full size pushed together with one giant headboard. All inclusive is definetely the way to go!! Everything is way more expensive than we had anticipated, so we were relieved when drinks and food were already paid for. Make sure to not forget the little things such as sandals or hair products or you will be forced to pay a pretty penny for it. The staff relies on tips so make sure to break the larger bills into ones. Enjoy your trip-- you'll love it!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Below Average Just came back from the Riu Palace Macao in Punta CanaThe food was horrible-It was so hot in the restaurants and the food is left sitting outNo Music playing except for the aerobics in the pool and then they turned it off.Was very disappointed  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jinglay
<Content>Great Pre-Wedding Getaway, Food SoSo My fiance and I decided to take a vacation to Punta cana before our upcoming September wedding. I have probably read most of the reviews of most of the hotels in Punta Cana. We decided on Riu Palace Macao and were very happy with our decision - except for the food. My fiance and I are professionals in our late 20s and have traveled an average amount. I think we are past our partying days and wanted a quiet, relaxing vacation - which we got! We were there 6/2 Fri-6/5 Mon. AIRPORT: Organized, a little hot due to no air conditioning. Bring a pen for the customs card, $10 each for the tourist card. United left my fiance's luggage in Charlotte but the Punta cana staff was very helpful...the hotel was even more helpful.TRANSPORTATION: Took a cab for $28 one way. Countryside is very poor and the small road to the hotel is bumpy but it's an interesting 35-40 minute drive.CHECK-IN: No wait in front of us - we got there at 5pm. It helps to have your room reservation info on you. The staff is SO friendly. While checking in, we were brought two ice cold fruit punches. They even upgraded us to a nicer room without us asking or us giving them any $$. How nice!ROOM: The upgraded room was very nice, on the 2nd floor with the balcony facing the pool. Nice marble bathoom (the shower tub is a little narrow - room really for just one person). Very clean - I did not spot one bug. The maid came twice/day. The fridge was well stocked. We did brush our teeth with bottle water only. The first day the shower head was broken but they fixed it literally within 5-10 minutes of me calling.LANGUAGE: I speak Spanish but found the staff able to speak English well with my fiance. For those of you complaining about any language barriers, I think you should be reminding yourself what country you are in. It would be absurd for a non-American to expect me to speak their language in America, why would it apply otherwise? Bring a phrase book if you want but it's not needed.TIPPING: We tipped not because we felt we had to but because we wanted to. This country is so poor and many of the staff spend a long time at the resort before they go back to their homes. A $ is worth a lot more to them than to us. We also left packaged candy for the maids. They are very appreciative but again it's not demanded. Sometimes we would forget and found we were treated the same.FOOD: This was the only bad part of our trip. Unfortunately, we were very disappointed in the food. The buffet El Patio and buffet International (by the pool) offered up pretty much the same thing, with some variety each day. It seemed recycled, fried and the meats seemed dry. I was hoping to have some Dominican food but was disappointed. It also did not seem American - maybe it catered to Europeans? We were able to find some things we liked and stuck to that during our short stay. We did like the outdoor BBQ they had for Saturday lunch and the fiesta was fun! The pina coladas and cuba libres are also good. The Caribe Grille had similar food but with a beautiful view of the beach. We only made one reservation and this was for the Meditteraneo on our last night. The food was better but I think we were already turned off by the food by then. We met other American couples who had similar views. My fiance, the least pickiest eater in the world, even had a hard time enjoying the food. It wasn't the lack of variety, it was more the quality. But the desserts, french fries, drinks, soft served ice-cream by the bar and fruit were great! I did have a touch of a sour stomach the last day but not for long. They say not to drink the water or eat the ice but it was hard when we loved the pina coladas and hated warm drinks! We might go there again for a short trip but we will probably try another place to compare the food first. Will not go there for a long trip cuz we'd get sick of the food. CASINO: It's a small casino attached to the hotel with blackjack, 3 card poker, roulette and other games. Each night after 9pm they had a 10 person table for no-limit texas hold-em. When we played it was $1/$2 but we heard it went up to $5/$10 sometimes. It was very fun even if we lost! We heard not to play the casino's special roulette unless you want to lose a lot.BEACH: The best part of our vacation! THIS is why you go to Punta Cana. The beach is absolutely gorgeous. The white sand is soft and the ocean is a beautiful clear blue. I did not notice a lot of seaweed. The water is refreshing - cold when it was hot in the afternoon, milder later in the day. Sure there are topless women who maybe didn't need to be topless - but who cares? We tried to wait until after 2pm to go to the beach and found it more enjoyable because the breeze is strong enough to withstand the hot sun (bring sunscreen). We never had trouble with chairs - in fact, there were too many to choose from. There is plenty of chairs shaded by trees. The bar is right on the beach too. They keep the beach very clean. Make sure you find a chair that has the plastic backing to sit up with. I wish I could truly describe to you how beautiful the beach is there!POOL: Beautiful pool but why go to the pool when you have a beach? It was fun to watch some aerobics  other activities at the pool and beach.SHOPPING: Walk about 10-15 minutes to the right on the beach and you'll hit some outdoor vendors. It's a nice walk but we did not buy anything because it was mostly little handmade souvenirs, some clothes and lots of pretty paintings. Sure they try to harass you to buy their stuff, but it's their job and they need the $$. If you want to stay closer, the caribbean street on the property has some stuff but not too much. At night in the hotel lobby they have some stands for jewelry, cigars, souvenirs. Don't pay more than 1/2 of what they offer you or you will get ripped off. It did get a bit annoying having to say no or not being able to browse quietly but oh well.STAFF: WONDERFUL! Of course you will always encounter some not so nice (are all Americans nice?) but overall the staff is pleasant, very helpful and courteous. The concierge even helped to call the airport to locate our luggage (which came the next day), they called to check on the shower head and to make sure everything was ok.BUGS: I brought the Off Spray but didn't use it. Got bit a few times but my fiance did not.CLEANLINESS: Very clean! Maids are always cleaning something. The hotel is beautiful and well maintained. OTHER VISITORS: Lots of Europeans and Americans. Nobody came off as rude...there is plenty of room in the hotel areas to be by yourself. Not too many kids (we don't have any) and not sure if they have any kid-friendly activities.OTHER ACTIVITIES: Bingo in the evening, shows in the evening...we missed out on this. Some performances in the hotel lobby some evenings. We did not do any excursions.OVERALL: Courteous people, clean  pretty hotel, very nice room, quiet yet lively when you wanted, disappointing food, BEAUTIFUL beach. For a short vacation, might go back to the Riu again - will definitely go back to Punta Cana beach for a long vacation!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Randytan
<Content>great vacation we stayed at the riu macao may 20 through may27,i have to say this was one of the best trips i have taken,we have been on six cruises,and have seen most of the carribbean islands,the beach and blue water is probably the best of all beaches we have seen.this resort is beautiful,clean and very safe,there were probably more americans in dominican republic this year because of the hurricane that hit cancun last fall,as was our case,i am so glad we changed plans,have more respect for europeans now,they just seem to mind their own buisness,the food was excellent,rooms were great,the staff will go out of their way to make you happy.the mini fridge was stocked daily,they have bottled beer called brama in room ,i liked it better tan the tap presendenta at the bars.i would not recomend the swim with the dolphin tour,or the party boat swim and snorkel,it cost 3 times more than its worth, i would say when more tour operators begin to come to D.R. the tours will improve.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!!!!!       Beach path view  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rugbygrrl03
<Content>First Holiday - Perfect Holiday My husband and I are a young, professional couple who finally got around to going on our honeymoon. We chose the Riu Palace Macao based on the reviews on this website, but had some reservations given the poor reviews that we noted. However, the positive reviews definitely won out. We were extremely pleased with our trip. I will try to make this review comprehensive for those who are somewhat apprehensive and are first-time travellers.1) Arrival: We booked through Apple Tours. Upon arrival to the non-air conditioned but fairly organized Punta Cana airport, we filled out our visitor cards, paid $10 each and were ushered into an air conditioned van. A pen and ready cash were helpful to speed things along. We were at the resort 45 minutes later. The countryside was incredibly poor, but still beautiful. Palm trees and blue skies abound.2) Appon arrival, our room was immediately ready. It faced the Carribean Street and was quiet. No loud neighbors. The room was large, with two double beds making a king. The maid service was twice daily. The only complaint would be that the towels seemed very harsh and worn (especially painful for sun-burnt skin). The mini-bar was kept full. We did not drink anything, but there is a daily restocking cart that makes its rounds. The mini-fridge has several bottles of beer, a gallon jug of water for drinking and brushing teeth, as well as some orange soda, lemon soda and pepsi. The TV was anti-dilluvian, but received enough English channels for an hour of Law and Order per day. The A/C in the room was intense and arctic. It was very pleasant. The safe is in the closet and you MUST have your key with you at all times. They will charge $50 if you lose it, so you best not. Put _all_ your valuables in the safe. 3) The Beach/Pool: The weather was lovely. There were a couple days of rain, but this was short-lived. It's mostly in the high 80s and humid. The beach has a nice wind. The pool deck is HOT. The pool chairs are taken up quite early, but the beach is a better option and there are plenty of recliners. The sands are lovely and there are palms for those who get burned and need some shade. There are some boats riding in the vicinity, so the waves can get pretty high. There is not much shallow water, but it seems more natural to swim in the pool, anyway. The downsides: you have to have towel cards that you hand in for two towels and get back at the end of the day. Just one more thing you can't forget in your room. The towels are clean but don't always look it. They are quite worn as well and could really stand to be updated. Some have prehistoric stains. Some are damp from being bundled together. Bring your own beach towel ifyou are particular.4) Other people: Very few children and nothing for them to do if they _did_ come. Many europeans/canadians. Topless bathing and Speedos abound, but one gets used to it.5) Staff: some English, but gestures and a dictionary help. Very friendly, try hard to please, but do work a little slower than the American pace of life. Things will get done, but it will take time.6) Food: There are several speciality restaurants available. They are reservation - only. We ate exclusively at the buffet. I found it EXCELLENT, with good variety, freshness and delicious food. We did not get sick at all, and avoided things like sea-food. The main buffett is really sufficient. Otherwise, there is a Japanese place, a Steak house and a mediterranean restaurant. I didn't see the appeal. The buffett is great. There is a poolside bar, a bar inside the hotel itself and a snack bar near the pool. All are very nice and make a wide variety of non-alcoholic and alcoholic drinks, as well as good strong iced coffee.7) Entertainment: seemed cheesy and lacking. We avoided it and made our own fun.8) Excursions: We did not take advantage. THey are about $80 per person and can vary from a trip to a private island to a inland safari to learn about Dominican life.9) Things to bring: LOTS of sunscreen, your own private pharmacy (loperamide, bismuth salicylate, tylenol, ibuprofen). Post-sunburn lotion is a must as you WILL get burned. Aloe Vera works. Bring your own toiletries if you are remotely particular. There is minimal stuff available in the rooms. Cards are also a good way to pass the time. Bring nuts or something to snack on. All that good stuff is very expensive in the shops. Bring some dollar bills for tips. It's not expected, but certainly nice and generous. People work so hard. Most of all, enjoy your trip!  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maganini
<Content>Home Away From Home! My husband and I have recently spent another wonderful two weeks at the Riu Palace Macao during the first two weeks of May, 2006. This was our fifth consecutive trip to the Macao and it just gets better and better each year. We are always left with incredible memories to keep us going until our next vacation.The staff is wonderful; always eager with a warm smile to help out and all of them truly enhance the vacation experience and make everyone feel at home. There is never a language problem since the staff at reception are proficient in many languages and can always address inquiries with professionalism and enthusiasm.The resort is very safe, with lots of security. It's also nice to be able to visit all the other Rius nearby. We loved walking over to the new Riu Palace Punta Cana, the Riu Bambu, the Riu Taino and Riu Naiboa. There's always something interesting going on at all the Riu hotels in the area.The property itself, is wonderfully maintained and very lush, with gorgeous tropical plants and trees. The gardeners are constantly working at keeping it one of the most beautiful tropical paradises we've ever seen throughout our many travels.The Riu Palace Macao is perfect for people who prefer a more quiet and elegant atmosphere, but there are still plenty of activities you can participate in to enhance your vacation experience. There are wonderful themed lunches a few times a week, entertainment by the pool with lovely tasty, colourful and delectable dishes, along with the occasional coconut party on the beach with lively bands and musicians. There is always something to do and it's impossible to get bored.The various a-la-carte restaurants are most enjoyable, as are the regular buffet meals in the main elegant diningroom and the other restaurants. The food is incredible in variety, taste and presentation. There is never enough time or room to try everything. Ingredients are incredibly fresh and delicious and there is something wonderful to suit everyone's taste. With so many incredible restaurants to choose from, it's really a delight to stay at this resort and sample as many culinary delights as possible.The rooms are lovely and large and are kept pefectly clean by the professional staff. It's also nice to be able to relax on the comfortable rocking chairs on the balconies and enjoy the view.The Punta Cana beach is truly amazing and it's lovely to be able to walk for miles and miles on soft, white, powdery sand and take in the fragrant tropical air and gorgeous scenery; blue sky, palm trees dancing in the breeze and beautiful warm ocean.So, all in all, another perfect holiday and we can't wait until next year to be back in paradise and our home away from home!  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>grandmabe
<Content>Great holiday, great time!! We have just returned from the Palace, this being our third visit, but our first with our family (our daughter, her husband and their two children aged 8 and 5). We had been looking forward to this holiday for a long time and the children were very exited. This visit did not dissappoint - the staff are still as courteous and very helpful. The reception desk staff are very efficient and extremely helpful. The entertainment team included my grandson in the majority of the games, he is naturally very competitive and was over the moon to be able to play alongside the adults. We all enjoyed the food, we only used the buffet restaurant as this gave the children the freedom of choosing their favourites, rather than having the set meals in the speciality restaurants. We found the food to be very good and we certainly never went hungry. The children loved the pool, it was never crowded and as the weather was very hot we all appreciated the sunshades supplied in all the area's. The beach is beautiful and the sea was lovely and warm. The room's were large and spotless and very comfortable and we were grateful for the air conditioning which was very efficient. We all used the Jacuzzi, and had some interesting conversation with many nationalities, English was spoken by all, luckily! Our only one complaint, was that there was no solid division between the smoking and non smoking section of the main restaurant. As we are non smokers we asked for a no smoking table for our evening meal. However, at the lunch time sitting we had a restricted no smoking area which meant we were sitting very near the smokers. On a couple of occasions, some very inconsiderate smokers, smoked inbetween each course and smoke drifted over our table. This completely spoilt those meals. We would suggest that Riu implement a no smoking policy in all their restaurants in the future. I am sure that a smoker could go without a cigarette for the length of time it takes to eat a meal. Apart from this, the holiday was wonderful. Lovely weather, lovely food, lovely people.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A perfect vacation Unlike many of the reviews I read on this page, I have absolutely nothing to complain about regarding my stay at Riu Palace Macao. The hotel is beautiful with wonderfully maintained grounds that include plenty of tropical foliage. Interestingly, the grounds provide many of the niceties you'll exeperience during your stay. The flowers in your room and the coconuts they serve by the pool are all harvested right from the property. The rooms are very nice and offers small balconies (we got lucky with a corner room that afforded a large balcony). The mini-bar and perpetually re-stocked fridge are a definite plus.The beach is gorgeous. There was a constant breeze that was just enough to keep you cool. For those that want to avoid the sun, there is a large palm grove that has plenty of loungers. Both the beach and the grove are very close to the beach bar which is a great place to meet people from all over the world. There are plenty of activities (volleyball, aerobics, dance lessons) right on the beach and you can also use the hotel's kayaks, snorkeling equipment, and paddle boats for free. The excursions (many of them) are exceptionally reasonable and range from quick parasailing rides to all-day boat trips. The food was also very good. We often opted for the buffets over scheduled dinners mainly because we wanted the flexibility instead of having a reservation. The Riu's best asset, however, is the staff. They are a wonderful lot of extremely friendly and helpful people. They were very engaging and always offered an easy smile and a warm Hola. Speaking just a bit of Spanish is a help but we encountered no one that had trouble getting by even if they spoke no Spanish at all. If we had any requests at all they were attended to quickly and with great customer service. Overall, a great time. Nothing but great memories. Planning a return trip in October...can't wait!  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service was good, but phones didn`t work. The hotel it self is very beauteful, but since its brand new the have alot of problems that they have to fix. What really drove me mad is the phone service. Me and my wife left our to children at home with grandparents, and as any parent would try to call them and see how they were doing, but we run into a major problem, the phones in the room didn`t work, as we found out later it was in 70% of hotel rooms having the same problem. IT took them 4 days to fix the problem and only after a group of us got together and bothered them every hour, when will you fix the problem? so 4 days out of my vacation went down the drain,. I go on vacation 4 times a year and stayed in Riu hotels before but never expirenced anything like this, the staff is very nice, but being nice and being able to fix a problem as soon as possible are to different things.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful resort       beach at sunrise  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never mind the water don't eat the food I would consider taking groceries if I were you if you are planning on staying here. My wife and I just got back from a two week stay at the palace. The service staff are great, the rooms are okay but nothing spectacular. I can see why they have built the new hotel. The beach has got to be one of the best I have seen. Now the food, everything is fried, even the barbecue had pans on it to fry the meat. I have read on some of the reviews that you never eat the same meal twice. These people obviously didn't look closely what was being served the next night or the night after that. EVERYTHING is recycled. Most of the meat including the seafood is overcooked to the point of being dry as dust. In the steakhouse you are served a thin cut of steak, this is so they can fry it. I don't eat gourmet meals at home but I couldn't wait to get back to them. If you have a problem with cholesterol don't forget your medication and make sure you bring a large bottle of maalox.Also, if your looking for some place that has entertainment, this isn't the place for you. This place is DEAD. I mean i'm not a big partier but my wife and I do enjoy a show in the evening and what they offer for entertainment is laughable and I don't mean that in a good way.I have heard that the othe Riu resorts in other countries are much better but I think my wife and I have lost out taste(literally) for Riu.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a beatiful vacation!!! We recently return from Macao. I can not believe the terrible reviews! Obviuos the people that did go their are not savvy travellers! I was very leary about going I almost cancealed due to the reviews. Am I GLAD DIDN'T. The staff was most accommodating. Yes there is a somewhat of a language barrior, there also is when you travel aboard. We managed, we always asked if they spoke English if they didn't they would call someone over. We were treated like royality, everytime we would pick up our towel or chair pads they would not allow us to carry them, they would bring them to us (whether we tipped or not) we elected to tip. The rooms were beatiful! AND VERY CLEAN. I always travel with my own toiletries, they do supply them in the room. The beaches are very clean  beautiful. They play music near the beach  pool. The children that were there, the staff had entertainment for them for quite awhile. The pool is very beatiful and clean. The grounds are spotless! The had entertainment during the day and evenings. Men do have to wear long pants in the evening (not sure why, ladies were able to wear shorts?). I would not recommend it to a honeymoon couple unless they enjoy low key atmosphere. It is not a party hardy place to go (thank god). The food was excellent the staff very very very friendly. I started to grade my whole trip the day I walked on the plane to go to Punta Cana, I am a world travelller and an experience travel counselor. Apple vacations did an excellent job, the plane, transfers, and host at the resort. I did not get a deal as some of you may think because of profession we paid full price..it was woth it. I gave the Macao and Apple vacation an A+.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Punta Cana: A true Paradise!! I just returned from a trip to the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana, I was there from april 15th to the 22nd. I went with my family. First of all, the weather was absolutly beautiful everyday. I believe it was in the high 80's/90's when we were there, however I couldn't find a weather channel to confirm that. Before I went, many reviews had said the beach is the best asset. I could never disagree with that. The beach is magnificent. The water (sea) is a perfect temperature. If you don't like the salt, the pool was another great choice, again, with a great temperature. Many Europeans travel to this area, so be prepared to see topless women. I thought the hotel was great. The rooms were all spacious and really clean. The whole hotel was clean. The hotel, as you probabley have read, has several resturants. I liked all of them, however my family did not always agree with me. The buffet dinner, is okay. The mediterrain resturant had very good food! The steakhouse really wasn't anything to rave about; neither was El Caribe. One of the resturants my family and I ate at twice during the duration of our stay. That resturant was Kabuki(a japanesse resturant). Their food was fantastic. Be sure to have someone down at the resturants (you want to eat at that night) in the morning, in order to make reservations, the resturants fill up fast. The people down there were all extremely friendly. The men usually respond better to men, as opposed to women, but thats just how their culture is, it's the same with mexico. It's nothing bad enough to get you frusterated though. The shows that are offered everynight are fun to go see if your looking for something to do. I really reconmend doing activities/tours. Apple vacations has several to offer, I did two of them, and loved them both! One was the snorkling adventure! The other was the A.T.V. tour. Also, if you happen to like shopping, there are a lot of opporuntunites to do so. Theres a street which is inside the hotel complex, with stores that already have set prices so you don't have to haggle. However if you find haggling fun, there's a flee market right down the beach. I did both! Before my family and I went I know that we were hesitatant of how safe it would be down there. We found out it's incredibly safe. Riu has 3 or 4 hotels right next to eachother, everything around them and inbetween is all part of the huge Riu complex that is highly secured from any locals that could ever want to get it. I never felt dangered at any point of this trip. Many of the reviews I had read before I went to Punta Cana, were bad reviews, but after I had returned home after the trip, I don't know how those bad reviews came about. All I know, is that Punta Cana was a great trip. I loved every part of it. Hopefully you will too!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brut1us
<Content>A Fine Hotel I will attempt to write this review in an all-encompassing manner! A little side noteéˆ¥î›“y wife and I visited Punta Cana with two other couples, so keep that in mind as you read this review. For those that complained that the Palace was boring, we made our own fun, so Iéˆ¥æª“ not sure what they were talking about!We stayed at the Riu Palace from April 17th to April 24th. All-in-all, I would rate this a 4 star on a scale of 1-5. (Let it be known that I have never given out a five star except for a hotel in Rome and Venice).GROUNDS/HOTEL ACCOMODATIONSThe grounds are well kept from the moment you arrive at the compound all the way to the oceanéˆ¥æªš edge. There is no trash lying about and the public bathrooms that dot the property are extremely cleanéˆ¥î›‡nd that is one thing I check!Our room was well kept, although we did tip a dollar or two a night, I donéˆ¥æª› think the service would have been lesser if we chose not to tip. The bed was always turned downéˆ¥î›‡nd we always had ample towels or face cloths for bathing.The free-pour alcohol and stocked mini-bar was very nice. I wrote a note in Spanish one day (with a $2 tip) telling the maid to keep the refrigerator full of cervezas and she definitely accommodated!To further explain how good the service iséˆ¥îš¯ even broke a glass on the floor one evening and the cleaning lady graciously helped to clean up my mistake.The only minor problem in our room was the lack of cable TV. Quite honestly, I didnéˆ¥æª› even bother to call the front desk about it because I did not have the urge to even flip the tube on!We did not have A/C problems like others providing reviews on this page, nor did I hear of anyone speaking of A/C or other room problems.One should remember to bring a power outlet converter because the hotel desk will charge a $5 deposit if you should require one.POOL AREAI suppose the Riu Palace pool area is small compared to other hotels that we have stayed atéˆ¥î›ˆut having said that, it still is a decent size.Several other reviews mentioned the lack of kids at the Riu Palace pool. I think we hit the spring break week because their happened to be kids everywhere. We didnéˆ¥æª› have a problem with this although some may not like the little tykes running here and there. I donéˆ¥æª› think this was status quo because the hotel staff indicated that the Palace was running at full occupancy during our stay largely due to families taking spring break.Of all the hotels on the Riu property, I would definitely say that the older crowd frequents the Riu Palace but I donéˆ¥æª› view that as a negative. Contrary to other reports, music was playing at the Palace pool during periodic times throughout the day. We did frequent the Riu Bambu swim-up bar on several days where there was a livelier atmosphere largely due to the waterside watering hole! Again, there were plenty of kids at this pool, but from what people tell me this is not the norm for the Riu properties.OCEAN/BEACHQuite honestly, this facet of the resort is what makes the trip worthwhile. We always had access to plenty of lounge chairs and the views are fantastic. I have yet to visit a beach of this caliber anywhere in the world. We had some well-traveled people in our entourage and everyone agreed that the entire stretch of beach was the best anyone has seen.The beach is well taken care of and unlike other places such as Jamaica or St. Lucia, there was no loitering on the beach or those trying to force cheap jewelry on a visitor.Yes, there are topless women on the beach but one should be used to that since well over half of the occupants are European or South American. Speedoéˆ¥æªš are the norm for the gents even though most shouldnéˆ¥æª› be wearing one. If youéˆ¥æª™e taking your kids, youéˆ¥æª’l need to explain that they just live a little different from those in the States and Canada. No big deal reallyéˆ¥?br/>DINING/BAR SERVICELet me start off by saying the bar service around the Riu Palace pool is excellent. With a little tipping I found the service to be more than satisfactory. I donéˆ¥æª› think tipping is necessaryéˆ¥îš¯ just like to be taken care of and I definitely came away with that feeling.Every bar that I visited on the premises sported the same level of service. Even when we decided to try different drinks and they didnéˆ¥æª› meet our liking, they were quick to set us up with something more palatable.As for the foodéˆ¥î›téˆ¥æªš very good with plenty of variety no matter where you eat. If one has never been there and is expecting top of the line meats, then expect disappointment. This is not a steak house in Chicago or New Yorkéˆ¥î›šhis is meat from the islands or of equal quality. So, before you go, have your expectations set at the right level and you wonéˆ¥æª› be disappointed. Whatever was lacking in foodéˆ¥î›šhe service more than made up for it. These people always greeted our party with a smile, which made the vacation very enjoyable.The ala carte restaurants were very good, although the Mediterranean establishment left a little to be desired.ACTIVITIESWe didnéˆ¥æª› partake in any of the activities although there is constantly something going on during all hours of the day. Certainly, if one wishes to stay busy he or she can do so rather easily.OVERALL RATINGOverall, I would give this place a 4 out of 5. As I mentioned earlier, rarely do I assign a 5 rating - having said that, I would stay at this resort again if I were visiting Punta Cana for a prolonged visit. We did visit a few of the other resorts and each property seems to have its own feel.A good travel agent will be able to put you in the right place and ours did a great job. Enjoy your stayéˆ¥î›e had a great time and Iéˆ¥æª“ sure you will too.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Donna Louise
<Content>Not as nice as the Iberostar We just returned from our second trip to Punta Cana. The beach was beautiful and the weather was great. Very windy by the water which actually made it a little cool to lay in the shade. The hotel was not up to our expectations. We paid top dollar and we were disappointed. FOOD: The food at the buffet was very good. Lots of variety for dinner. Breakfast was the same everyday but still good. We perferred the lunch at the pizza house in the Riu next door, so went there for lunch everyday. They were the only place that had roasted chicken parts for lunch which we liked.Stay away from the Med. specialty restaurant. It was horrible. We ordered Lamb chops and it took forever just to cut it, it was so tough. I didn't have the soup, but my husband said it was the worst he'd ever had.ROOM: Nice room but the tub had some mold around the tiles. The bidet faucet leaked so we had to shut the valve. But the bed was the worst of all. Very uncomfortable. Killed my back every night. The TV was broken and we went to the desk the second night we were there. The repair man came right away but couldn't fix it. He never came back so we went to the desk the following night and we had to followup again before they brought a new TV. It really wasn't a big deal. POOL: Pool temp was nice but deep. Pool is in need of repair. Could use a good painting and cement repair.The chairs next to the pool are very uncomfortable. They bring you mats for the chairs but they're thin and some smell very musty. The chairs closer to the Sea are much more comfortable. Don't know why they don't supply that chair all over the resort.All in all we wouldn't go back to that resort. We much preferred the Iberostar Bavaro.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Def
<Content>Riu Palace Beautiful but boring .. ZZZZZZZ My husband and myself (both age 46) and two kids ages 13 and 10 stayed here Feb 15-21,2006. BORING....Never told it was not good for families. Average age @ 60 it seemed. Had trouble from the moment we checked in and found out they were overbooked by 13 rooms. We paid for a superior room so as to get a pool/ocean view and got a room in the back of the building overlooking the backs of stores and a chain link fence. Had to beg, plead and then finally TIP the front desk to PLEASE move us to a better room. Shouldnt have had to do that at all. Not many kids to be found and no activities for the few who were there. Absolutely quiet all the time here. NO music ever played here anywhere. Silence near pool, in restaurants, hotel grounds etc. No festive Caribbean atmosphere/fun/music anywhere.. Very disappointing for us and somewhat depressing too. Had to visit the Bambu next door for some kind of life and fun.Beach was beautiful though and weather great!!!..Food was good and breakfast buffet yummy everyday.For such a superior hotel they could have at least provided an iron in the room and better soaps/shampoos. We requested an iron the first day after unpacking and were told there were none and to call the front desk later and maybe one would be available and if so, a $20 dollar deposit would be required!! What a joke!! They provided some squeeze packet soaps/shampoos which we constantly ran out of and always had to ask for more.Also was never told that men are required to wear pants at night into the restaurants! We packed plenty of golf/walking shorts but these were not allowed. Last thing my husband wants to do is put on long pants at night in the Caribbean. I blame my travel rep for this oversight too .Luckily we packed one pair of pants..Also didnt like the fact you had to pick either a 6:30 or 8:30 seating for dinner at the buffet every night and you had to keep to this scheduled time your whole trip there. You could not eat at the buffet early one night and then later the next. Not allowed!!! This is too much like a cruise with scheduled seating times.The biggest joke was the day I tried to get some food from the pool side open air cafe. I attempted to step in with my wrap-around sarong style coverup on and was told I had to cover up the top of my bathing suit also or I could not get served. Meanwhile 15 feet away from this women are walking around and sitting TOPLESS!!!! Toyal hypocrisy. I didnt want to sit and eat there, just wanted to get some fruit for my family to snack on by the pool and they wouldnt allow me to.Would not recommend this hotel to anyone except senior citizens or someone who wants silence with nice surroundings and a beautiful beach. Then its for you. Several people we met actually called this hotel The Geritol Crowd... That says it all..I just wish we had known this or were told this before we booked our trip. The Iberostar a few doors down the beach would have been a much better choice. We walked there from the Riu and it seemed so much fun and family oriented!! We were sad to have to go back to our quiet, boring Riu Palace Resort. Cant wait to go back to Aruba like we did last year. It was fun/beautiful and kid friendly. Felt like a true Caribbean getaway with Calypso music always playing and a casual, relaxed atmosphere. First time we actually couldnt wait to leave a vacation....Sad but true..  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sashaziggy
<Content>typical riu weve just returned from the palace macao where we had a lovely holiday. the beach is beautiful and never short of space. the food was good although not very tasty. i dont eat meat and always found things to eat.it was presented very well. the entertainment was boring and so were alot of the people who stayed there. we didnt really find anyone to speak to the whole 2 weeks we were there which became a bit much. the pool area aroung the palace was nice and spacious and the good advantage about the palace to the bambu is you get proper cocktails made from good branded booze and the food is better. all drinks are waiter service which would be alright if the serv ice existed but most the time you had to sit and wait - even if you did tip dollars. we found too many people tipped when it wasnt necessary and they didnt get any more than we did.we didnt do any trips as i felt they were too expensive and too far. i would have liked to have gone whale watching but its 4 hours there and4 hours return.we did go to the bambu for lunches and sometimes breakfast as food does vary and liked it there.i found around the bambu pool a bit closed in and hot so we stayed on beach every day.air conditioning in room wasnt really working but didnt bother us that much as humidity was low when we were there but in september it would have been too much without it.we have been to riu yucatan mexico and riu merengue. we enjoyed riu merengu most as entertainment was far in front of other rius.riu hotels are very much the same and really you could be anywhere in the world. you dont really see the country you are visiting, especially dominican republic.saying all i have said i would recommend the palace over the bambu if you are a couple without children and you do have the choice of all the hotels aswell. i did feel restricted aswell to stay in complex whereas mexico you can wander outside and venture out.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must know a little spanish My stay at the Riu Macau was okay, the staff knew very little english, and they warm up to you only if you tip them. The food was okay. If you are looking for plenty activities this is not the place. This resort seem to be the home for retirees and kids, mainly French. Nightly disco is very light. I was surprise Friday, Saturday and Sunday was nothing happening. Thursday Night was the best disco night. There is a nice long stretch of beach to walk.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dumbblonde
<Content>loved the riu palace macao we should have gone to riu tequila inmexico last november but because of hurricane wilma it was cancelled, so we chose the riu palace macao a m onth later and we were not disappointed with our choice.another good riu hotel.the staff are very friendly and make your stay a very happy one. we were very pleased with our room,we had a first floor overlooking the front of the hotel on the corner so a nice big balcony. lots of wardrobe and drawer space which was great as not all hotel rooms are that generous.a very comfortable room all in all. the hotel itself was very nice and the xmas decor was brilliant loved the trees and lights outside. had to keep reminding ourselves that we it was december as the weather was so good,we did have some showers, b ut nithing to spoil your holiday. the pool was great and lovely settings surrounding it, garden etc. we spent alot of time round by the pool. we did go to the beach every day and loved to walk up and down the beach and splashing our feet in the sea, you can walk foe miles along the beach, wonderful.food was good and plentiful.entertainment staff worked very hard and their shows were good. enjoyed michael jackson show and spanish dancing was worth seeing too.all in all we had a relaxing holiday in a lovely hotel in beautiful surroundings. if youn decide to go to this hotel you won't be dissappointed.we were'nt. we would come here again, but we are looking forward to returning to riu tequila next year with our friends.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How many stars? Supposedly Riu Palace is a 5 star property. It's not. The level of front desk service is mediocre at best, especially when Rodolfo Frias is running the show. Dont even think about cashing a travelers check or getting some cash on a credit card. We had seven in our party,two rooms, and asked to check out at one instead of noon. Cant have two rooms, one room only. The second room set idle whlie the seven of us showered and got ready to leave in the one room. Food. I should start off by saying I am a food guy. Buffets generally are something to be avoided. The opposite way around here. When you go all inclusive you would expect the liquor to be of a cetain standard. All of the wine selections were poor. The campagne was pretty good though. The reservation and style specific restaurants were fair to poor. We ate at the Japenese restaurant one night and it was just plain bad.Granted, you are in the DR what did you expect. Better of a supposed 5 Star property. Somehow the chedder in sushi roll was not, whats the best way to say this, oh I know, good. Only 3 in our party had intestinal discomfort that night. Upside. The vast majority of the service people are absolutely great. Friendly, accomidating helpful. Beach is great. Talked to a gentlemen who had stayed at the Iberostar and he said it was much better. I asked if it was too big, and he said no and he was in his 70's. Nothing to do with the hotel, but should you wish to go fishing be careful. We took a $500 boatride where the mates didnt check the baits the entire time they were in the water. I am sure there are some good captains out there, just not on the boat we were on.I would go back to DR in a heartbeat, but not to Riu Palace.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Indy_Chels
<Content>Spring Break Paradise            
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RIU equals Paradise Macao Having been to RIU resorts before We somewhat knew what to expect. I was slightly troubled by some of the reviews I was reading about the resort. I am happy to say that the ONLY negative I found was that the resort was in bed by 10pm. Other than that Everything was perfect. The service at the front desk to the waiters and waitresses at the bars. The only waiting was just before dinner hours. The beach was incredible, resort was clean and beautiful, the food outside the special restaraunts was better. This place has hooked us on Punta Cana and we will return to Riu again with more friends next time.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it We thought the resort was very nice. People are the best. The only complaint we had was the food was fair at best. We tried the Caribe Grill and the Medditeranean. They were both a let down. One of the best beaches we have been to. You have to go to dinner at the Jellyfish. Its about a 25 minute taxi ride. Its $16.00 each way. The hotel can set up a reservation for you. The ownwer himself came to us to see how dinner was. He even bought us a round of drinks. We cant say enough about the resort employees. Very friendly. It was nice that nobody bothered us on the beach trying to get us to buy things. We went horseback riding as well. Awesome time. Make the trip to Saona Island. The best beach ever. On a scale of 1-10 we give the resort a 8.5 We will go back for sure  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Widetraveller
<Content>Disappointed We were bounced here for one night from Secrets Excellence (separate review) because of over booking. We were told our rooms were not ready when we arrived at 7.00pm and would we go an eat dinner and return. Frankly after a 10.5 hour flight that was no acceptable. We and 3 other couples in same circumstance pressed and were given rooms a few minutes later. The room had a broken air conditioning controller and two calls to reception were met with promises of a technician. None materialised and we spent the night without AC. The room was near a generator and delivery area and so was noisy with the window open. The room was tired with seat cushions split. TV reception appalling. It appears to be one of 5 hotels all linked by association. It is thus a huge complex and not one we would have chosen or would chose again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mathy
<Content>Loved the Palace Macao Enjoyed the Palace very much. Traveled with a friend with different interests and both found plenty to do. The last review from Toronto I'm sure were the lovely couple and their children I met on the beach. Hope you enjoyed your two weeks. I am the woman from Massachusetts you were talking to. Any questions feel free to contact me fayanam@comcast.net  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jackson1983
<Content>Traveler Beware March 2006Hotel Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana , Dominican Republic.My partner and I just got back from a 6 night stay at the Hotel Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana. Upon arrival the hotel is beautiful and the staff was very friendly. We had a beautiful room éˆ¥?Room 3340 on the top floor. The first three nights we had no air conditioning, this was eventually fixed. The next day in a half there was no hot water or water pressure. I asked what the problem was at the desk. The receptionist explained that they are building a new Riu hotel and are transferring the water to that hotel. I asked what about the people here and he said it will only be for a little while. This lasted a day and a half. We made the best of our trip. The food was good and the beach is beautiful. Every morning we were out of our room by 8:30 and got a spot on the beach. On our last full day there, we decided to relax and get up a little later. I got up while my friend slept and went down to get beach towels at about 8:45. By the time I got back in a 15 -20 minute time frame, someone with a key went into our room while my friend was sleeping and took the jewelry which was left on the dresser. When I left, the door was locked and the éˆ¥æ·’O NOT DISTURBéˆ¥?sign was on the door knob. We immediately told the hotel manager who then came to the room with security and searched the room. Our safe was locked, the person who came into the room used a key and only took the jewelry on the dresser. The management questioned the hotel staff on our floor and they said they know nothing, how surprising is that! The management told us we have to go to the police station and make a report. After waiting two hours, the police said they could not make a report, because éˆ¥æ¸ keyéˆ¥?was used to get into the room and it was the hoteléˆ¥æªš responsibility to take action. We got nowhere with the hotel, when we requested a report of what happened, the management kept wanted to give us a free 7-night stay at any of the Carribean Riuéˆ¥æªš in a years time frame. It was like wheeling and dealing with a salesman to get the report. Everytime we asked for it, they want to give the trip, this paper also states that you are satisfied with how the hotel handled your inconvenience and that they are not held responsible for what happened if you take the 7-night stay. Finally after much hesitation from the manager he supplied us with a report of what happened. We have traveled to Punta Cana twice before and stayed at Iberostar Bavaro had a wonderful relaxing vacation. This trip started off good and wound up to be a nightmare. I would have never thought that by leaving the room with the éˆ¥æ·’O NOT DISTURBéˆ¥?sign and the door locked for such a short amount of time how your life changes. I how this makes people more aware when traveling.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very satisfied My wife and I just returned (March 4) from a delightful two weeks at the Riu Palace. Our college children also joined us for one week.The facility is very CLEAN with staff constantly in the public areas cleaning though not noticebly necessary. Washroom attendants were very a constantly in the areas.The main restaurant (Le Patio) was where we ate most meals due to the variety. If one has special needs, the staff will attempt to accomodate. The specialty restaurants did not receive good reviews.The pool was enjoyable but beware that the surface area gets very hot to the feet. Beverage staff at the pool are very attentive.The beach is very clean with very soft white sand. One can walk for miles in each direction. Any vendors in the area are very respectful of one's desire for privacy.The evening entertainment is local talent and the casino is very small.Relaxing vacation with a very positive minded staff.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ilovetotravel365
<Content>Overal great time at the Riu Palace       Back of the resort  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>OhioBeachbaby
<Content>Our Paradise On Earth My husband and I returned from the Palace a couple weeks ago and I just found time to sit down and write this review. We were welcomed at the airport by very friendly Dominican girls, had our picture taken, and quickly got through customs, got our luggage without any problems, found our Apple Rep. (or he found us) and they escorted us directly to our comfortable air-conditioned mini-van to travel the 45 min. to the resort. I had read many reviews prior to going about the frightening ride from the airport to the resort so I expected something horrible. Actually, we have had way scarier cab rides in America! Granted, our worse roads are their best roads, but our driver was safe, although drove very fast! When we arrived at the resort, I swear we thought we were in Paradise! Beautiful grounds, very friendly and helpful staff (who knew and could speak excellent English) at the front desk. However, it does help to know enough Spanish to ask directions and be polite, which I did. Immediately, we noticed an older clientele (we are in our 40's) so we thought we would explore the nearby resorts eventually. When we arrived in the lobby, we immediately looked to the back of the resort, past the pool, and down the walkway to the beautiful Carribean. THAT was exciting to see. Although the room they gave us was on the ground floor (and I was worried about the smell of must like these reviews said), we were told to come back the following day and they would give us our requested 3rd or 4th floor room, which they did and the room was lovely. Actually, when entering our ground-level room, there was absolutely no odor or unpleasantness. It was very clean and very cool. Nothing like we thought, as we had read complaints of the air conditioning not working on this site.While there, be sure and take advantage of all the non-motorized sports you can, as it is completely free. We paddle boated in the ocean which was great! There are other things to do, but we were only there Monday through Friday. If we go again, we will definitely go for at least a week! I wish I would have taken advantage of the water aerobics in the morning and step aerobics in the evening. The instructors actually go out and recruit people to join the classes. Get ready for the most gorgeous white sandy beach ever!!! Talcum powder sand, very clean beach, with topless women and fat men in speedos everywhere!!! We love to dance, but the disco was lame. Didn't even have anyone there at 11:00 p.m. one night! Dark and smelly, I'm sorry to say. For fun, we went next door to the Bambu resort which has a pool bar and younger clientele, lots of kids though jumping off the large rocks that surround the pool. A must-do is the Maranarium snorkeling trip! SO FUN!!! We loved Jean Claude the skipper of the boat. It was like a booze cruize/snorkeling trip in one. We swam with nurse sharks and mantarays! It was so exciting. Although our bus to go there was 1 hr. late (which we sat in the rain under a little shelter at the meeting point, it was well worth it!One thing to remember...the staff is SUPER friendly, always with smiles on their faces, greeting you and constantly wanting to bring you drinks. Bring extra dollar bills to tip them; they really appreciate it and will treat you very, very well. When you see their living conditions riding to and from the airport, it so incredible that they can be so friendly, work at a lovely resort, and then have to go back home to those deplorable conditions. It just made me so sad. It is a very poor country.If you're not a drinker, you will be by the time you leave here! The tropical drinks are delicious! The buffet is interesting...lots of non-American type foods, although they have some chicken, fish, and beef that is recognizable. The salad bar had weird European-type foods on it, but the fruit is fresh and wonderful! Be careful of the hamburgers at the International place that is open late at night as they are not cooked all the way through. There is french fries there and steak sometimes, which was pretty good. We actually only ate dinner at the buffet, as there was quite a variety to choose from. Mexican night was very good...everything imaginable.Some of the reviews on here mentioned rude tourists. All the non-Americans we talked to were very friendly...even the Germans!! It was so funny at night walking through the resort at 11:00 p.m. and no one in site...older people go to bed early I guess, even on vacation! It was like we were the only ones up. The casino is open til 3 a.m., so many people were over there. It is very small and the air conditioning wasn't working. They don't have craps, just slot machines (that don't work half the time), Blackjack, Roulette, and video poker. You should barter down the price on Carribean Street. The bands were fun to listen to. The weather was great, although it rains a little each day. There is really no excuse not to have a good time there....a vacation is definitely what YOU make of it! We will return to Punta Cana, but probably to a different resort next time.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Service EVER! Front office staff was rude. Telephones were never answered and when they were not a single staff spoke English. General Manager laughed at our complaints toward the level of service and we where told NO REFUNDS. Go home Americanséˆ¥?br/>  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort, Great Service, Great Beach! We were in paradise the moment we got there! We got into our room earlier than we were supposed to. The room overlooked the pool, however I didn't care if it would have looked over the grounds, because the whole resort was beautiful, plus you aren't in your room that much anyway. The rooms were very clean! The staff at the resort go out of there way to make your stay as comfortable, relaxing and as fun as possible! They work very hard, so make sure you tip, if your too cheap to tip, then don't expect to get the service like the people that do! We thought the food was very good, and we are very picky when it comes to the quality of our dining. The beach is absolutely beautiful. We walked up and down the beach and Rui has the best beach! We are looking forward to our next stay! Rui Hotels should be proud of the staff at Rui Palace Macao!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ncb
<Content>Pros and Cons of my Recent 7 day visit I just returned from the Riu Palace and would like to share some of my experiences. The positive things I observed were the incredible service and friendliness of the staff, the cleanliness of the entire facility, having lunch at the Caribe Grill right next to the ocean, and a buffet that I was satisfied with in the main restaurant. I could always find plenty of things that were delicious. Another great thing is Thursday night on Carribean Street. I also loved the stretching class on the beach and the water aerobics class in the pool each day. The piano bar right next to the buffet has very nice entertainment before and after dinner on most nights.Now for some negatives from my point of view. This is a hotel where a very large percentage of guests are seniors. There are very few children at this resort probably because the pool is 4 feet deep at the shallowest part. In the water class I had to stand on my toes to touch bottom and I am 5 ft. 4 in. Another thing that I didn't like is that everyone got so dressed up for dinner even in the buffet. I experienced a very unfriendly attitude from most of the guests treating Americans as if we were invisible. When I had previously vacationed in Punta Cana at a different resort, I enjoyed the music and entertainment at the pool. At this resort, there is no swim up bar and no music to be heard at any time around the pool except during the water aerobics. If you are going for quiet peaceful atmosphere, this is a good place to go. I would not recommend the Outback Safari to seniors with any back issues. It was a ride in the back of a truck from 9 until 5 over terrible roads filled with potholes. What we saw was interesting but the ride was very tiring and uncomfortable and the day was too long. There should be a caution on this excursion about back problems. Our guide told us that the government does not fix the roads in the country.Overall I had a wonderful vacation. The positives outweighed the negatives!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed The Riu Palace is situated on a beautiful stretch of beach. The building itself is gorgeous, and the pool is wonderful...even the service is great (some language barrier). However, the fun stops there. The rooms are dingy and old. The beds were extremely uncomfortable, and then there is the food. We were in a group of 30 and half of us ended up violently ill. You can say it was due to the water or food, but something was off. The food selection was poor, service was horrible, and taste was bland. I was extremely disappointed. After talking to more people at the resort we found at least a dozen more folks who were bedridden for 1-2 days. I would not reccomend this resort. :(  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Objective Review This was the first visit for my family and I, and it was the first time we had ever used the all-inclusive scheme. The hotel is beautiful, and the beach is very lovely, although somewhat breezy. I was impressed by the layout of the buffet, and the food was very good with a generous variety of items. However, by the third day I found the offerings to be redundant and tasteless. There were a couple of offerings that were appetizing, but overall not that good. If I had one complaint it would have to be that most of what was offered was cold. If you are going to buy anything to take home, take one of the tours to these small towns where the prices are resonable. Everything at the hotel and on the hotal owned market street has an exhorbitant markup. Rum is $10 dollars a bottle whereas outside the zone it is $6. Cigars are at least 60% higher here than at the factories you can tour. While our stay was fair, I was expecting more from thehotel. I don't think I will return for another visit.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Second class resort If you're use to Sandals or cruiselines then this may not be for you. The buffet food was usually either cold or under cooked. We found the Kabuki and Steak house to be the best choices for evening meals with the food above average although you had to make a reservation each morning. English is a new language and communications was sometimes a challenge but the staff were receptive and normally helpful. The beaches are nice but high winds kept us on shore most of the time. The rooms are large but the beds are quite firm. Pool service for drinks is somewhat slow and the pool seemed to be the smallest of the RIU resorts in the area. The palace caters to the more laidback crowd which is primarily european, for the party crowd go to the RIU Bamboo. We didn't take any tours but received poor feedback from another couple regarding the half day snorkling excursion with the nurse sharks. Their most popular tour takes you to a grade school and into an average families home, not your usual tour fair to say the least. The casino is quite small and open only in the evenings. I came back $75 ahead on the 25 cent slots so it was okay by me. All-in-all, it was okay with nothing really standing out or any excursion a must do. Most things seeming to be just short of our expectations which may be due to our Sandals and cruiseline experiences. IF you want a first class experience then pay up and goes elsewhere. This would be a good first time trip for the budget minded travelers.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very decent holiday My wife and I spent a seven day holiday at Riu Palace Macao, Punta Cana week of January 14th, 2006 with my parents and infant daughter. To put in context, we tend to vacation once per year in south (e.g Cuba, DR, or Mexico). Was very satisfied with this hotel. Yes, when the brochures state 5 stars, we are not talking London, Paris, NYC or Toronto equivalents so let's rein in expectations which seem to skew other reviews I have read on this hotel.1) Very good food. We enjoyed the variety of the buffet for breakfast and dinner. Snack bar for lunch was ok. Good theme nights which added to variety - handing out cigars to all guests, special cocktails, etc. Yes, you had to indicate whether you wanted to eat at 630pm or 830pm however there seemed to be flex within this. We thoroughly enjoyed the Caribe Grill (one of the non-buffet restaurants) for dinner one evening for more traditional sit-down dinner. 2) A/C...as other reviews note this is a slightly older, classical design hotel so the A/C does not cool your hotel room down in 5 minutes. However, we left our system on virtually all the time and found the interior room temp cool and pleasant. Actually, was nice to have a system which was totally silent. (Frankly, if it is that bad, there are ceiling fans which you can activate which we found made it too cool). 3) Our room was well maintained and clean; no problems with the bathroom other than the odd temporary shortage of decent hot water. Well stocked mini-bar which was at our disposal as part of package. Me thinks you will be hard pressed to find that kind of amenity free of charge in any locale in N America; was nice to indulge without having to complete a mini-bar inventory sheet!4) Staff were really very friendly and helpful yet not over-bearing. We found the folks at reception accommodating particularly when we had requests relating to our infant. 5) As other reviews note, this is not party central. Seemed to be slightly more mature guests primarily from US, Germany and Canada. Actually, this worked out well for us as we have never had more folks fawning over our 10 month old infant!...surrogate uncles, aunts, grandparents, etc. If you are looking for a very lively environment, you may prefer to opt for an alternate as this may not fit the bill.All in all, we found this to be very solid value for money and would quite happily return if we were venturing back to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alaskalad
<Content>Major Letdown We recently spent a week at the Riu Palace Macao and had an absolutely dreadful experience. We booked a jacuzzi suite in what we were led to believe was a 5 1/2 Star resort. Upon arrival, we found out that we were to be bumped from our Jacuzzi suite to a standard room until 4pm the third day.When we finally moved, we found the jacuzzi to be an extra tub on the roof that was peeling its finish, (about 50% gone),it was dirty, missing a jet and the water pressure could not fill it in under 2 1/2 hrs. The rooms were moldy (not just musty.... black mold in the bathrooms), grout was falling out of the tile, light fixtures were barely hanging on the walls, the exterior plaster was stained and flaking on the balcony and of course the bedding was musty.Although, expectations play a large part in customer satisfaction, this facility is truly a has been/run down hotel. 3 1/2 stars at best.Yes there was good service from all but the front desk/reservations and one cannot fault the staff for RIU's lack of maintenance of the hotel but they cannot overcome it with a smile either.Evening entertainment was a joke. Examples are a poorly lip-synced version of Grease (Hollywood soundtrack) and the same tired Michael Jackson show we saw 5 years ago at the Barcelo Palace down the beach.Yes the beach was nice; however, Scuba Caribe (on site watersports shack) was a nightmare. We paid them to take us snorkelling and what we got was 2 hours of being yelled at in spanish, a scarey ride with only one staff member (forget safety let alone reef etiquette) a boat that died and the priveledge of being dumped a 20 minute walk up the beach from our hotel.The commom areas were also very tired. Dinner required long pants at a specified seating time. The dining room was enclosed and not air-conditioned. The food in the buffet was above average but it was difficult to enjoy in the heat. Avoid the specialty restaurants. They were just bad.If you have any questions feel free to email.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Punta Cana is Beautiful! My boyfriend and I just returned from our 1st trip to Punta Cana (Jan 14th - Jan 22nd). I must admit that I was skeptical going to a 3rd world country - I was not sure what to expect. Our trip was through Apple Vacations. When we arrived in Punta Cana we were greeted by our Apple representative. We were taken to the hotel via a bus - the hotel is approx. 40 minutes from the airport. When we pulled up in front of the hotel - it is breathtaking - the lobby is completely open - Palm trees everywhere. We were taken into the bar area where we were provided with a fresh glass of fruit juice, our room keys, towel cards, and a brief review of the hotel's accomodations. They must stress 10x's - DO NOT DRINK THE TAP WATER. The rooms are nice - plenty of closet and drawer space. A nice size balcony with two rocking chairs, a table and a bathing suit dry-rack. It is not the most modern room, however we looked at as we are only using it to bathe and sleep so it worked for us. It was clean - the maid came in and provided us with fresh towels every day and refilled the fridge, which has Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Beer, Shasta Orange soda, bottled water, Tonic Water.The room also has bottles of liquor on the wall - we didn't use it - I think that it had rum, scotch, whiskey and something else - it's included so use it if you want. They will refill it if you empty the bottles.The pool is nice - the water was a bit chilly, but once you got in - you were used to it. You will have towel cards that you will use to get beach towels and when you return the towels at the end of the day you get the card back for the following day. The lounge chairs fill up quickly in the morning - people tend to get their spots early and although they may not be using the chairs - they will leave shoes, etc. on them to save them. Waiter's walk atound all day and will take drink orders and bring them to you. We brought $100.00 in one dollar bills - hand them a $1 or $2 and you get special treatment. The staff is always looking to get people involved in activities - water aerobics, regular aerobics, dancing, darts, BINGO, etc. They play Volleyball on the beach. I personally found the beach better - the ocean water was like bath water - very warm. There is plenty of lounge chairs. The water was a little rough. Lot's of topless women - in fact, the women that could have went topless or wore thong bathing suits didn't and the ones that should have kept their suits on where the ones that were showing the goods! After a day or two - it's no big deal - seen one - seen them all.We had excellent weather - warm and sunny everyday. When it did rain it was for a short period of time and then the sun came out. The food at the main buffet inside the hotel was the best. Breakfast was typical breakfast food - pancakes, french toast, bacon, eggs, vegetables, 10 kinds of fruit juices, fruit bar, omelette station, bread bar, cereal, yougart. Lunch and Dinner at the buffet were just as good - if you can't find something that you like - then there is a problem. So much to choose from and it's actually decent food. The only thing that I stayed away from was the milk (too thick), the salad dressings, and the yougarts. They have theme nights in the main buffet as well - Mexican night was great (Tacos, Nachos, etc). We ate at the Steakhouse one night during our stay for dinner - you have to make your reservations early in the morning when you head to the main buffet for breakfast. There is either a 6:30 or 8:30 seating. We chose the 8:30 seating for all of our meals - it worked out best for us - we didn't have to rush off the beach. The Steakhouse was good - steak and baked potato, salad, appetizer and dessert. The wine is not the best quality, but it is okay. The beer (Presidente) is always nice and cold - very refreshing!We also ate at Caribe - the dinner was very good, however they rush you - one plate right after another - as soon as you are done one course, they are placing the 2nd one down in front of you - I think we ate our meal in less than a 1/2 hour and we had an appetizer, soup, salad, meal and a dessert. We did not eat at Kubuki (Japenese)although we heard that it was very good. If we were at the pool during the day - instead of going to the main buffet inside the hotel we ate at Mediterrean (outside buffet). Typical lunch food - pizza, salad, burgers, chicken, fruit, dessert table. The nice thing about this place is that they serve food from 12-6pm. The main buffet's lunch ends at 3:00pm so they can get ready for dinner. The show's were okay - we saw their rendition of GREASE and Michael Jackson. It's no LAS VEGAS, but it's Entertainment!The Casino is a joke - I like to gamble and I spent $60.00 my first night in their casino and got it out of my system - I had no interest in going back. The slot machines are outdated and don't pay out - not sure what the deal is with the tables, although we were told to stay far,far away from the Progressives -it can get you in a lot of trouble!The shopping is okay - you definitely need to haggle and get the cost down. I wouldn't spend 1/2 of what they were asking for on certain items. $40.00 for a beaded necklace that you can get back in the States for $15-$20. I did breakdown and buy a magazine for the beach and spent $9.00 for it. It's normally a $3.00 magazine. I can't stress enough - bring plenty of sunscreen - we ran out mid-trip and had to buy more on Carribean Street - we took three regularly sized bottles to the register and was told that it was $64.00. We could have gottem the same three bottles at Walmart for $15.00. You can get a couple of American TV stations, which is nice if you are in your room early and just want to wind down and watch television. I was able to watch Judge Judy, Law and Order, there was a movie channel as well ESPN sports for the sports fanatics.If you want to blow-dry (there is a blow-dryer in the bathroom, however it is not the most powerful)or curl your hair, bring an adaptor or the hotel will give you one ($5.00 deposit that you will get back at the end of your stay). My cell phone worked the 1st day and then I was not able to get a connection - we purchased 16 minute phone cards for $10.00 USD from our APPLE agent that sits in the lobby and used them to check in with family. The staff is wonderful - everyone is very, very friendly and accomodating. We left tips every night for our waiter at dinner and tipped periodically during the day. Again, it's all inclusive so you don't need to tip, however we wanted to give a little something. You will see just how hard these people work. We learned that they work 11 days on and then they get to go home for three days and visit with their families. We met one waiter who travels seven hours one way on his three days off to see his family before having to return to the hotel again. My only complaint is that we had a late flight out (9:30pm). You will need to be ready to leave for the airport three and 1/2 hours prior to your flight. We needed to check out of our room at 12:00 noon - I did not feel comfortable leaving my luggage in the lobby of the hotel for six-seven hours, but we didn't have a choice. I had to walk around with my purse, and carry on bag that had my jewelry, i-pod, DVD player, etc. that I was not leaving in the lobby. When we asked the night before for a late check-out we were told that it would not be a problem and to check back with them the following day - when we checked back we were told that all the rooms were taken and we would not be able to have a room. We then asked about a courtesy room to shower before our flight as we wanted to spend time at the pool/beach. Again, we were told that they would accommodate us and to come back at 4:00pm - when we asked about the room at 4pm -we found out that there was only one room and that there was 8 people ahead of us waiting to clean-up as well. We finally were able to get a room at 5:15.Otherwise, vacation was great - would definitely go back. Would probably try a different hotel just to see what else is out there. The age group in this resort was older - mostly couples and families with children. We are in our late 30's and we were fine with it. If anyone wants to contact me, please feel free.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! My husband and I just returned from the RIU Palace Macao! We stayed there from January 11 - 16, 2006 and it was the most fantastic time! We read all the reviews on this website and decided to just let us decide. We felt that it was one of our very best vacations. The beach is the most wonderful that I have ever seen! We have been to Ocho Rios, Jamaica, Nassau, Bahamas, and Cozumel, Mexico. Punta Cana is by far the BEST!!! The Palace is beautiful, the staff VERY friendly, drinks were great, the bed was comfortable (unlike some of the reviews!). The only real complaint that I did have was that some of the other guests were older than we are and were not as friendly. But my husband and I were there to vacation together not really trying to socialize with others so we just stayed to ourselves! I would highly recommend this hotel!!!We are currently planning on our family vacation and are looking into booking the RIU Tequila in Playa Del Carmen, Mexico!!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Satisfied We had a great stay at the Riu Palace.Rooms, facilities, food and service provided exactly as we expected for this type of resort. The guests were mostly couples, very few small children.Pants required for dinner, no swimsuits for breakfast or lunch which is a rule we didn't object to (nobody likes to sit down to find their chair soaked). Making dinner reservations every morning was a bit of an aggravation, we couldn't figure out why we couldn't make the arrangements for the week all at once like most other resorts do.The RIU Palace is very civilized, we only saw three drunks the entire week, no people carrying those big insulated coffee mugs around trying to pig out on the beverages. Obviously this is not a party place, it's very quiet after 11:00 PM, no loud yelling, room parties or doors slamming in the middle of the night. We were also quite pleased to experience very few of those rude and ignorant types not willing to wait their turn at the bars or restaurants. We would go back there again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TERRI SCHWARTZ
<Content>Rui Palace Macao Not a 6 Apple My family traveled to Punta Cana for the 3rd time December 25 - January 3, 2006. We tried the Rui Palace Macao for the first time. We were disappointed.This hotel is not a 6 Apple Resort. I expect a 6 Apple hotel to have great toiletries (not small foil packets of bath gel and shampoo), full size towels (not thin small towels), and fair entertainment (the shows were horrible - and I didn't come expecting great entertainment knowing where we were). Twice during our stay they ran out of beach towels. The air conditioning in the casino was broken. You also have to pay for drinks in the disco (which you are warned about in advance) - kind of silly for an all inclusive vacation. However, the staff was lovely and tried very hard. The restaurants were adequate with the buffet being your best bet. I have never had sushi with cheese in the center of my vegetable roll. The beach was beautiful and very clean. The weather was perfect. This is the true reason to come to Punta Cana. We have previously stayed at both the Sunscape and the Paradisis and have enjoyed ourselves much more. I would not come back to this Rui hotel - although I have stayed at Rui's before in Mexico and they truly are 6 Apple resorts.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>whystayhome
<Content>Typical higher-level all-inclusive Christmas week at the Riu Palace Macao made for a very relaxing holiday. We went with a large, multi-generational family group, and everyone was satisfied. Compared with other all-inclusive resorts in this price range, the resort would be rated average or better in most areas, other than the food in the specialty restaurants, which was awful. As this component of the resort is somewhat smaller than others we have stayed at [e.g., Iberostar Bavaro, Riu Palace in Playacar], there is also not a lot of excitement, so most teenagers and people who are into the cocktail lounge/party scene would probably be pretty bored. However, if you have older people with you, who are easily overwhelmed or perhaps a little confused, this resort is very easy to navigate, as there are ramps and elevators and it is not very big and complicated as there is only one building with guest rooms in it.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tumblweeed
<Content>Colonial Pampering       Under the Palms  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ca123
<Content>Amazing!!! Hey... i just got back from the Riu Palace in Punta Cana. We stayed there from Dec 9th- 16th and had a great time. The hotel was nice and clean and the guys at the front desk were very helpful. If anyone goes there talk to Reymundo or Widny. They are the guys to go to if you need anything. Also if your very nice to them and throw in some cash they will make sure that you get everything that you want during your stay! They are the best!! When we got there we werent satisfied with the view from the room they gave us so we asked for an upgrade and gave them alittle cash and were hooked up with an oceanview room! It was great! Also never trip at the beginning. That was a mistake we made. Tip near the end of your stay and you will get everything just aswell.Also the food was really good. We were both really suprised about that. We( me and my boyfriend) are very picky eaters and we ate very well here. We mostly ate at the El Patio restaurant because we found the variety of food there very fullfilling.and it was buffet with different themes everynight. We ate once at the Caribe Grill but didnt go back because the menu is very limited.and we had lunch at the International restaurant.which is normal food aswell. The nightly entertainment was alright but mostly directed to an older crowd.The carribean street had good shops but wasnt very crowded.The disco we found also wasnt very crowded and had mostly locals. Maybe it was the time of year we went?! The pool is very big and very clean.. but we spent most of our time at the beautiful beach. One thing i would suggest is when shopping at the markets on the beach never pay what they offer. When your paying with US currency you can pretty much bargain all you want because US currency is what they want. For example i bought a souvenier knife for my dad and the guy had started at $30US and i got him down to $10US. So if your nice about it and push it you can almost always get things for what you want.Also when buying excursions be sure to buy from your hotel ONLY!!! i heard of alot of people getting ripped off when they bought from outside the hotel. be careful! we went on the 4-wheeler excursion from the hotel and it was great. they took us all over the place and were gone for about 4 hours. The beach there is beauitful..the sand is white and its soft. The water is clear and nice and blue. We really had a good time here. But the thing about this hotel it that its alll couples! Its soo not a party place at all! Everywhere we went there were couples. Also we noticed that there were ALOT of europeans, especially from Poland, Germany, France, and Russia. There were different languages being spoken everywhere and we were very excited when we heard people speaking english. Also we noticed that this hotel had mostly older people and noticed that the Bambu next door had a more younger crowd.Over all we had a great time and got really good tans. It rained at night mostly so make sure you take advantage of the days! We would go back to Punta Cana but maybe to another hotel where they was more of a younger crowd. Next stop for us though will be Jamaica!!!! if you have any questions about this hotel..email me at christine_hotgurl@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TorontoLove2Travel
<Content>Older Property But Very Well Kept and Great Service My husband, teenage son and I stayed at the Riu Palace from December 9 - 16th. We've been to Punta Cana before and stayed at a brand new resort where we all got sick and had terrible service - this property is somewhat older but well maintained; the staff are very friendly and helpful and most speak English as well as one could expect - but they are definitely eager to help! The food is above average for the Dominican - somewhat plain, but a good selection, well prepared and clean! There are very few north americans at this resort ... mostly Europeans ... we found the other guests unfriendly, not the staff. In fact one day while I was at the front desk changing some money, one of the European guests was complaining that there were too many common people at the resort. Hmmmm. We spent most of our time at the neighbouring RIU the Bambu .. we found the staff and guests a little more light-hearted and more fun. Next time we'll go to the Bambu ... although you won't be able to dine at the Palace .. the food is just the same at the Bambu. The beach is beautiful and clean .. the water can sometimes be a little rough, but then it's a good day for boogie boarding. If you are going to travel outside the resort, don't rent a car ... hire a taxi and hang on for dear life! Francisco from the front desk at the Bambu is very helpful about where to go outside the resort.. one afternoon after his shift he took us into Higuey for the afternoon and showed us around.. a definite eye opener. Some of the living conditions (ok most) for the Dominicans are poor if not sad, but they are the nicest, friendliest most laid back people and you are definitely welcome off the resort. If you're going on vacation and looking for perfection then you might as well stay home. We've stayed in many Punta Cana resorts as well as the Mayan etc ... you're in a third world country and their 5 star is not the Toronto Hilton by any means, but if you want a nice place with good food, fun entertainment, friendly staff, relaxing beaches (you can always find a chair) .. then you'll enjoy it here ...  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel..not much going on We got rained out from our dive vacation in Cozumel and ended up here. The hotel is clean and well kept. We (our group of 6) felt the staff did a great job to make us happy. The food is average, but there is a large selection so you should be fine. If you want to dive I would not suggest coming here. The water is clear and warm, just not much color or fish to see. The jungle safari was a nice day trip. If you want to lay on the beach and relax this is a great place. I would think 3-4 days would be a long enough stay. This is a huge European destination. Probably 90% of the guest were from Europe. We met a couple that were very nice, but as a group they seem to be unfriendly. It might just be the way they are??? Be aware they understand English. They just don't speak it to you. As Americans we normally look at people and say hello...good morning...etc. Do not expect a response.We thought the staff worked hard so we tipped them for their service. A dollar or two each time we got a drink. A couple dollars each day for the maid. You will be very pleased with the service you get. We waited until the last night for the restaurant staff. I'm not sure , but it seems as though they might put it in a large pool and split it up. Don't plan on renting a car. You will see why as soon as you start your journey from the airport. There isn't much outside the resort. Beautiful country with very nice people.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RIU Palace has a little for everybody...       The Beachfront  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>World Class Service and Beach! Hola Palow! The Palace was awesome! Got in on Delta via Atlanta @ 2pm Friday, jumped a cab ($25)  were in our rooms by 3:30pm and on the beach at 4pm! The Beach is spaectacular! Many loungers, lots of sun and shade spots! Water beautiful and the right temp. Dinner at the main buffet was simple, plentiful and very good! Don't miss the Caribe Grill and the Kubota Grill; well worth the 'effort of reserving by 10:30am... Checked out the Bambu and loved that atmosphere...Probably book there next time...enjoy the international flavor of the Palace. All the different languagues, cultures (topless), food is part of the charm!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eip
<Content>Very disappointed...2 stars at best We stayed at the RIU Palace Macao in Punta Cana for 4 of our 8 nights in the Dominican Republic. We would have switched hotels sooner, but availability made it impossible. This is a very old property and while they have tried to maintain the general areas, it's age is apparent. This is especially true in the small guest rooms. Our mattress must have been 15-20 years old, lumpy, and hard as a rock. The bathroom was cramped and in need of remodeling. It looked like they had already made a sad attempt to do this, but failed miserably. The toilet was yellowed with age and the tight bath tub had been poorly re-caulked. Each day we awoke to tiny ants in the bathroom and bedroom areas. On the up side, there was a spacious closet. There was no ironing board or coffee maker in the room. Also, no small water bottles are available anywhere on the property, only 1 gallon bottles. We found the food to be less than desirable. We also found it inconvenient to have to make dinner reservations by 10AM for that night. If you enjoy the spa experience, you will be extremely disappointed. By U.S. standards, this hotel is a 2 star at best. The lone positive is the friendliness of the staff - they are very polite and eager to serve. We recommend the Secrets Excellence -where we stayed for the final 4 days of our trip. It was very much to our satisfaction in every way.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lagunahome
<Content>Riu Palace Macao - Average Resort - 10-17Nov2005 I will write a much more extensive review later. Note: I take 2 sun vacations a year, been to Cuba, Mexico, Argentina, Indonesia, Thailand, Africa, Europe; stayed with Club Med, Breezes, Beaches, Bacelo, Sol; stayed at 2 stars and at the Ritz; am a Marriott platinum member - bottom line I travel and stay in hotels extensively. This hotel is not a 5 star period, more like a 3.5 star. Service is excellent, rooms are mediocur since the hotel is OLD. I expect one of the basic functionalities in a room is Air conditioning - our party had a total of 4 rooms, all rooms had very low AC!! If you don't mind very minimal AC to sleep in etc, then you are ok. If you are like me, expect decent AC and a cold blast when I come in from the heat outside, this hotel will not work for you. Furthermore, there seems so be some consipracy at the Front desk, complain about the AC and they have some writtend script which is all bull. My suggestion - ask to speak to the General Mgr of the Rui chain who is onsite to get results. Also, if you have kids and expecting the kids camp at the Bambu to be functional, forget it. This was the worst kids club I have encountered - open only from 10-12, 3-5pm with minimal supervised activities. Compare this to the Barcelo Maya - excellent hotel, service, mini club. Apart from the AC, Front desk waisting our time, and older hotel being old, its ok. We had other issues as well - toilet broke twice, and a water leak from the room above. Service is excellent, drinks great, food is not bad, beach nice. Email me lagunahome@hotmail.com if you want more info.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OMG IT WAS THE BEST EVER Riu palace macao in punta cana was absolutely breathtaking. It was my first time travelling alone (without parents) and it was really exciting. The ride to the resort was awesome, although at times frightening. When we got to the resort, i had to take a moment to catch my breath because what i saw was just amazing. The porters came and greeted us with a smile and kindly brought our bags to the wonderful rooms. The waitresses brought us all a glass of punch (virgin) and i felt as if i was a queen. There are many things to do at Riu Palace...you can go swimming, get tattoos, walk around and discover the gorgeous shops, there is a theatre within the resort where the animation crew puts on a live show every night...every few nights there is a live band in the bar performing, there is the resort's discotheque La Pacha which is just amazing. The people were very very nice and made you feel very welcome. Im already saving money to go back next year, to the very same resort and possibly go for 3 weeks this time. Enough said about my overall thoughts. IT WAS GREAT!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Palace, great place to relax not party.       The pool  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Palace Macao is wonderful My husband and I stayed at the Riu Palace from Oct.24-27,2005. Everything about this vacation was great. The hotel and service were terrific. The food was very good, especially the meal we had at the Carib Grille. We took two fun trips and would highly recommend them. The snorkeling trip in the Marinarium had lovely coral reefs and the young staff on the boat works hard to make sure everyone is having a good time. The Outback Safari was a very interesting cultural experience and I learned a lot about life in the Dominican Republic. The mountain country side is beautiful. Our young guide was a good spokesman for his country and exerted a huge amount of effort to make the trip fun and informative. We also enjoyed the boogey boarding on a remote stretch of beach in the middle of the safari. The only suggestion I would have here is to have a little less people on the truck as we were somewhat crowded. We would also like to thank our apple representative Albert. Even though he was very busy with unexpected guests from Cancun whose trips there were canceled because of the hurricaine and other people whose connecting flights were canceled when the Miami airport closed down because of hurricaine Wilma, he still handled everthing efficiently and remained pleasant.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the Palace everyone said it would be We visited the palace Oct 21-28 after being diverted from Playa del Carmen due to the hurricane. It was a last minute booking and we were a little concerned. First the good....1. The beach is absolutely beautiful. Smooth sand and warm blue water. If you walked down to other beaches they had more seagrass but this one was breathtaking. 2. Food in the buffet was very good. Only downfall was you had to go at 6:30 or 8:30...not whenever, which is strange for buffet. Also, men beware, you must wear long pants at all the restaurants, including buffet. This would not have been such a problem, had we known ahead, but we adapted.3. Service is good and people are friendly.4. Pool is nice but no swim up bar, but you can use the one at the bamboo next door. Now the bad...1. My husband got his football sweatshirt stolen out of our room by a maintenance worker.2. Air conditioning didn't work properly, although this didn't seem to be a problem for everyone we spoke to, but enough to distinguish it as a problem.3. Al A carte restaurants are not very good.4. Very little English is spoken here, by the staff and the guests. Many europeans vacation here so if you are american and are going to party, bring friends. If you are only going to relax it will be better. The staff speak very little English.5. Disco doesn't get going until very late. Overall, we had a pretty good trip for a last minute switch and the hotel is very upscale. It just depends on what you are looking for. The staff works hard here and I think that it was more the dominican republic we didn't care for as much than the Riu Palace. It wasn't bad, just different than what we were looking for. I would not go back but I can say we had a pretty good time, all things considered.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jewcpink
<Content>RIU palace is more like Children's Palance We stayed at the RIU Palace for 4 nights. Word of caution (in case you aren't told) do not just let anyone port your luggage after you get it from the claim area. We were transported to the resort via the Apple Vacations shuttle. During our ride, the travel specialist onboard explained how long it would take to get to our resort, the activities we could choose from and book through our on-site apple representative, and answered all of our questions. Although the ride to our hotel was a little frightening, it was attributed to the fact that they do not have paved roads or stop lights/signs in the rural town areas which you travel through to get to the resorts. When we arrived at our hotel, we were told not to let our luggage out of site until it was in the hands of the porter who immediately greeted us when we stepped foot on the sidewalk. I must say that when I saw the hotel, I was impressed. There was a HUGE floral and tropical plant arrangement on a glass table in the lobby and everyone at the desk greeted us with a smile. The lobby was furnished with beautiful bamboo and rattan furniture. The clothing store, jewelry store and convenience store onsite was suprisingly reasonably priced. We were given our room numbers, keys and a run down on the amenities offered. One complaint that I have is that the elevators are VERY small, sweltering hot and sometimes get stuck. Upon entering our room, I was pleasantly surprised at the cherry wood and marble detail. The enormous closets were much more than I expected. There was a towel that was twisted to form a heart and sprinkled with fresh flowers on our table top. Word of caution...do not pay the extra $ for an ocean view room. There are NO ocean view rooms. I believe they call it partial ocean view, but the trees block the view of the ocean from where the hotel sits. We chose the garden view which gave us a beatiful view of the pool area...which allows you to see the all the speedos in the morning as you eat breakfast. All of the rooms have a patio/deck that includes rocking chairs and tables. It's nice to sit out there and listen to the waves crash into the shore. We dined at a few of the restaurants, but found everything to taste pretty much the same. The desserts were a little disappointing. None of the pastries were sweet and some of the fruit, suprisingly, was not sweet. I must tell you that the breakfast buffet at the palace is AMAZING. Cook to order omelettes, pancakes, different choices of meats and cheeses, cereal and fresh fruit juices were offered. They offered a wide variety of breads with fresh sweet cream butter...YUMMY!!! I am definately a shopper, so my first priority was to venture outside of the resort to see the REAL Dominican Republic. My husband told the concierge of our desires, so he set us up with a driver and we visited a place called Bavarro. I don't remember the rest of the name, but they had stores that were the equivalent of our shopping centers. Be prepared to firmly say no if you do not want to enter a store or you will be badgered by the locals to enter their store. Also, watch out for the little children that may follow you around and beg you for money. You may want to give, but please keep in mind that the people here are well aware that you are a tourist and they know how to play on that. We did find some very nice pieces for our home and the statues are amazing and cannot be found in the states. If you are a cigar aficianado, the cigar shop sells authentic cigars and will even offer you a cigar to sample. They make this drink called mamajuana...please don't confuse this with the illegal stuff nicknamed mary jane they are definately not the same and mamajuana is legal. It is a drink made from honey, red wine, rum and the bark from a special tree. Very good, but VERY STRONG- try it- you'll see (maybe even see double). We laid on the beach and tried not to stare at the many different sites, such as 90 year old men in circulating prohiting speedos and 60 year old women indulging in topless bathing. All I have to say is...you gotta see it for yourself!!! The Riu offer nice thick towels for the beach and comfy cushions for the chairs. The bars are close to the beach front so a cool tropical drink is only steps away. The nightly shows are packed full of entertainment with well trained dancers and singers and much merengue. The casino is small, but my husband really enjoyed playing poker. We couldn't understand why the dealers are not real personable like they are in Las Vegas, but found out later that they are not permitted to accept tips. That could be the reason, who knows? If you go, please ask for Reymundo at the front desk. He is the absolute best. He speaks many different languages and should be the model for a superior customer service provider. Now to my complaints: We never received our complimentary refreshment plate, which is supposed to be delivered to your room when you arrive. One of the male workers kept making passes at me and approached me with alcohol on his breath. He even tried to kiss me and followed me to the door of the elevator. If you are a woman, please be careful. I informed management who took my complaint seriously and immediately handled it. One last complaint is that the RIU is not 24 hour inclusive regarding food. Make sure you eat a full meal before the restaurants close or you will just be hungry. The only thing offered overnight is diced peanuts. There are definately TOO many kids at the RIU. I was amazed at how many children were at the show where the girls were dancing (butt cheeks hanging out) and smoke was so thick you could cut it. It's not a bad thing to have kids at the resort, but the children there during our visit were very unruly- jumping off of sculptures, running through the halls...etc. WORD of CAUTION: DO NOT TRY THE VENUS SPA!!! They try to cheat you. I paid for a particular service for my husband and they gave him something totally different and tried to say that it was just an oversight but I should still be happy because he got something. It was only after I talked to the manager of the hotel that the manager of the Venus Spa offered me $20 back. Instead of bringing it to me, she made me walk and get it. Unprofessional in my opinion. Overall, our trip to the RIU was nice and although we will be visiting the DR again in a couple months, we will probably try another resort.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a blast! My husband and i just got back from the riu palace macao. we were there from sept 23-26th and loved it! i must admit i was a bit concerned about going after i read the reviews before going, but luckliy we had a wonderful time. the hotel is beautiful, the air conditioning worked perfect. we had a problem with our tv remote and they sent someone up to fix it within 5 minutes. the staff work there tails off from morning to night to make you happy and boy do they do a good job. the food was pretty good as well. we stuck to the international buffet for variety and we ate and drank well. here are a few tips: --if you can't decide which riu to stay at, stay at the palace, it is by far the best hands down, --shop at the market on the beach going right from the resort for souveneirs as carribean street is too high priced, also pay about 1/3 to 1/4 of what the vendors want at the market, --make sure you bring lots of $1 dollar bills to tip, i also took little things and gave to the maid ie-crayons, sample perfume and lotion as they are so poor they appreciate anything. also, english is the least spoken language there as most tourists are european. keep an open mind and you will love it. we found that although we all speak different languages the main gestures such as a smile are the same the world over. have a great time and relax, it is a beautiful place!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were in paradise!!! From 23th april till 8th may we went on our honeymoon in Palace Macao.It was perfect!!The food is delishious en I higly recommend the Carabean Grill!!It has an magnificant view at the sea and the beach!We are a couple from Belgium so we have flown 9 houres to get to Punta Cana and it was worth it!!Its very romantic en without screaming children, just the way we like it!!Two years ago we went to Puerto Plata at Riu Merengue.It was also very nice there but the Macao is exceptional!!!We are defently going back, but first we will explore the world ;-)  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>arichart
<Content>Enjoyed the Macao       Hallway Decor  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jajames
<Content>not quite the palace my husband and i have just returned from the riu palace macao and after the initial shock on first booking in there we had an enjoyable holiday. the first dissappointment being if you have been to any of the other palaces don,t expect the macao to be any where near the same decor wise,but then again you have to remember this is a poor country and to the dominicans it is no doubt a palace like most will never know. When we arrived we were given a room at the back of the hotel that wasn't very nice and the air conditioning didn't work which we reported and it wasn't fixed we were told we would be given another room the next day but then there wasn't one available, it eventually took until the 3rd day to get our room changed then we were given 3 to choose from eventually getting one at the front of the hotel looking onto the pool that was very nice. The problem being in the dominican nobody rushes to do anything it''s so laid back but the staff are very helpful and curtious just bare in mind when they say they will sort something in ten minutes it could be hours or in our case 3 days! If you want a very relaxing holiday with a beautiful beach anf lush surroundings this is the place to be but if you like to venture out of the complex on your own to explore it's not adviseable, we did the out back safari and the speed boat and catamarang trip to saona which were both very good and worth while.The food was repetative but with ample of chice not to have to eat the same thing for 14days, the bonus of staying at the palace is you can use the other 4 complexes in thew riu change which broadens your options, the caribe grill was the most excellent of the eating places and bothe times we ate there we sat looking over the carribean sea it was beautiful.There is no need to tip the staff but we found when we did tip the staff were even more helpful and our waiter by the pool would bring us a drink without us having to sumumn him the same could be said of the retaurant staff and they always remembered what you drank pretty good eh! There were not many mossies around but they did manage to find me even though i did use a proventative we also had one or two get into our room but i put that down to the maids leaving the doors open when cleanig your room which they do everyday and very well aswell. We last visited the dominican 5years ago and we so no progress in the development of the country and with the damage it recieved with the last hurricane 10months ago you could even say it stepped back not forward.As i said depending what you expect of your holiday , you might be pleasantly suprised orlike us entially dissapointed, but after you get over that just enjoy a lovely hotel with really friendly people who want you most of all to enjoy your stay in their country.They are building a new palace next to the bambu which looks like its going to be a fantastic place so hopefully when thats finished we will take another visit.One last thing we travelled with Thomsons and what they do is collect paper and pens pencils etc to take to the poor children in the mountains we also left t shirts shorts and washing thing , if we'd known before hand we would have taken somethings over with us because if you see the look on the children's face's and adults come to think of it we just don't know how lucky we are, what we take so much for granted they can only dream of, if you go on the monster truck safari you will see this I challenge you not to be effected by it i get a lump in my throat just thinking of it. So go and enjoy a trip back in time at the palace macao you will enjoy  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at Riu Palace from August 26th - August 29th to celebrate our first anniversary. We decided on Punta Cana because I found a GREAT deal for a last minute booking (1 week in advance) on Travel Zoo. Neither of us had been there before and we had never stayed at a Riu property, so we read many of the reviews on this site to get an idea about what to expect. After reading the reviews, we were somewhat apprehensive about how our stay would be, but luckily most of the things mentioned in other reviews turned out to not be true for us. We found this hotel to be a great choice and we wanted to share our experience with others that might consider staying at the Riu.RoomWe stayed in a standard room. We asked for an upgrade since it was our anniversary, but the desk clerk was not very responsive to our request (could have been a language issue), so we didnéˆ¥æª› push. However, the standard room turned out to be nice (no smell. as mentioned in other reviews) and it was on the top floor with a king bed, just as I had requested. There were a few of those éˆ¥æ¸˜o see umséˆ¥?after they removed the complimentary fruit tray from the dresser, but the next day (after the room was cleaned) they were gone. There did seem to be a limit on the number of towels that were left in the bathroom éˆ¥?exactly two bath towels, two hand towels and two washcloths, but as long as we showered for dinner before the turn down service (around nine) the room attendant picked up the used towels and restocked them, so we were set for the next morning. (By the way, as mentioned in other reviews, the washcloths did seem hard to come by, they were never restocked with the other towels, but when we mentioned it to the manager, he had some washcloths brought to our room immediately). The water was only hot first thing in the morning and before dinner. That was a slight inconvenience, but not bad, since it was at least warm at the other times. Food We ate at the buffet for all our meals. We did not worry about making reservations at the other restaurants because the food in the buffet was GREAT! Some of the items were the same every night éˆ¥?cheeses, salads, soups éˆ¥?but for the most part there were different things to choose from each night - different vegetables and all kinds of meats éˆ¥?fish, beef (very tender), pork and baked turkey and several different pastas. One of the other reviews had us worried that there would only be fried foods éˆ¥?not so. I had more than my share of fresh mangos and there were many other fruits and desserts to choose from too. Beach Nice beach with white sand, some seaweed, but not bad. All the other reviewers were right about people reserving the beach chairs early but if you look around you can find some empty chairs and some shadeéˆ¥î›t may just take a while.ServiceAll the employees of the Riu were GREAT!! They are extremely service oriented!!!. We did tip most of the time, but they all seemed to provide the same great service to all the guests whether you tipped or not. (NOTE: I did leave a small gift (nail polish and a trial size perfume) for the room attendant and she decorated our room with flowers the second day.) OverallI would definitely return to the Riu Palace. We really enjoyed our stay. Most of the employees spoke English so that was good since we didnéˆ¥æª› know any Spanish, although knowing some Spanish would definitely be helpful. For buying souvenirs, make the walk (it is not a short walk) to the markets on the beach. You will find much better deals than on Caribbean Street, if you are willing to haggle. I donéˆ¥æª› believe this is the best spot for families, since about 20% of the women sunbathe and walk around without tops. I am American (definitely the minority in Punta Cana) so that was new for me, but you get used to it after the first day. Also, be advised, the DR in August is INTENSELY HOT!!!!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ljkogelnik
<Content>Nice getaway       Hotel--view from pool  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wedding at the RIU       Jacuzzi Suite  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>D_Wrecked
<Content>More Good Than Bad We went to the Palace for our honeymoon and it started off fine with an automatic upgrade to a larger suite which included a dining room and living room area. The front end staff were very accomodating and there weren't any communication problems.RoomsFantastic. Cleaning staff did a great job. Very nice and courteous. All you can stomach liquor dispenser and minibar in the room. The patio was very large and great for getting in some pre-breakfast sun. Air conditioning was powerful. You'll need an adapter for the electrical outlet. 2 geckos and a tiny frog found its way into our room but we let them stay to eat any bugs that might get in.BeachesGorgeous. I'd say about 20 percent of the women on the beach were topless. It's only shocking for the first 30 minutes. Get over it. Most of the non-motorized water sports are included. We didn't hang out at the pool because it was sweltering. There isn't on-beach service but the bar was a quick walk away. The Riu Palace had the nicest beachfront by far in the whole Riu complex. It was less crowded had a larger beachfront than the rest.FoodThe food was good. It wasn't gourmet but there was enough of a selection at El Patio to find something you like everyday. The buffet's are geared towards europeans buts that's not a bad thing. The best locale is the Caribe Grill for its scenery. I think the soft serve ice cream at the bar by the pool got me sick for a few day though.ShoppingThe hawkers down the beach were a bit pushy and sketchy for my taste. We took a cab ride down to the Bavara Shopping Plaza and bought gifts and trinkets there. I think the prices are comparable. Just be ready to haggle.Night lifeWe weren't into the shows so we just had late dinners every night, had night caps, then went to sleep.The negativeBoth my wife and I stayed in on the saturday night because of the ice cream. At approximately 11pm, we heard noises on our patio (we were on ground floor). We looked outside and we saw what looked like 2 employees trying to get into our room. We immediately called the front desk. They said that they would look into it immediately. We didn't actually hear from them until the next afternoon when they came by to check the patio locks in our room. The manager said that they searched the grounds and apprehended a sketchy German on the grounds even though we told the front desk the people on the deck were Dominican in all-black clothing (like hotel staff). The manager said that security were posted throughout our wing of the building now. We did seem to notice more management personnel on the premises after the incident.Other downside, though no fault of the hotel, is the travel time to get from Western Canada to Dominican Republic. Total time, including waiting at airports, from Vancouver to Punta Cana was close to 17 hours. Miami airport is not close to hell but you can see it from there. Nothing but problems in that dive. Airplane had problems there and back. There was a 3 hour delay on the way back because the customs system went kaput. We had to stay a night there because the delay caused us to miss our flight.SummaryAside from the incident, our stay was really good. If I was to come back, I would stay at Riu Palace again for the service and beauty of the beaches. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. However, there's other places to visit. Maybe for our 10th anniversary or something. Finally, invest in an English-Spanish dictionary. I really think we were treated better because we tried to speak their language. You gotta remember we're guests in THEIR country.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best trip ever ! My wife, myself and children ages 18 to 24 were at this resort from 8/3 thru 8/8/05. This hotel is by far the nicest place we've been ever!. From Mexico, Hawaii, and thru-out the caribbean there was none nicer. I've read some reviews that talked about the gallon jugs of water and I say who cares! we emptied a couple of the club soda bottles and refilled them with water. The food was great and plenty of it with great variety, obviously the folks who said it was all fried didn't look around, from boiled lobster to baked turkey and everything in between it was there. If you stay at the palace you have access to all the Riu resorts around you, and each is about a 2 minute walk, with different restaurants and different food. Also if you want a relaxing pool with no bar just jump in the one at the Palace, if you want a pool with more activity take that 2 minute walk to Bamboo or Tainu no big deal in our opinion. The beaches were breath taking white sand, blue water sure there were topless bathers but again its a place were thats acceptable so go there with an open mind. As far as beach service there was none, but if you needed a drink that bad the beach bar was only a few minute walk from just about anywhere you plopped your lounge chair on the beach. There were plenty of things to do at night, casino was fine and there was a show nightly at 10pm which was very entertaining and I've been to many resort shows and cruise shows and these folks did everything they could to please you and make it entertaining. Were from the Uninted States and at times language was an issue but every place that mattered like the casino, the entertainment leaders and front desk all sopke very good english. Every place we shopped that we used dollars we goy U.S dollars in change. That wasn't the case last year when we were in Mexico!. I highly recomend this resort, like I said we have been many places and had nice times but would not return there, this resort however is one place we plan on returning to as soon as we can !!!!.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MJDRN
<Content>More Misses than Hits       View of Pool from our balcony  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Picture Perfect Punta Cana my wife and i stayed at the riu palace macao from july 22-29. it was a last minute honeymoon trip since our plans to riviera maya were cancelled due to hurricane emily. needless to say our trip to punta cana was enjoyable and relaxing. the beaches, the palm trees and ocean water were picturesque.the servicethe service at the palace was very good. every worker was pleasant and hardworking. if there was a problem, it was taken care of immediately. on our second night, our tv was broken; it was fixed within 10 minutes. bartenders, servers, and the front desk people were kind and could speak some english.the roomwe did expect an upgraded room since it was our honeymoon but we did not get one (and neither did another couple who was on our plane). hence, there is no need to bring your marriage license. the rooms were cleaned and the snack bar was restocked daily. we received an ample amount of towels. there were no actual bottles of water given (just a gallon jug)-we brought our own. there also seemed to be water pressure problems at times in the hotel-take your showers before dinner. our bed was turned down nightly and our room was decorated with flowers daily. **note-bring plug adaptors;my wife could not plug in her curling iron in our room.the foodthis was probably one of the few disappointing things about our trip. meals seemed to be the same at all of the restaurants-daily. breakfast at the buffet was adquate-we recommed the the pancakes. lunch was repetitive- greasy buffet foods. good thing we packed munchies. dinner was the same nightly at all dining areas with the exception of tuesday's mexican night at the buffet;it was very good. if you're into a picture perfect view, eat at the caribe grill (early seating) and get there early to sit at the ocean front. the food was average but the scenery was breathtaking.pools  beachthe pool was small at the palace with no swim-up bar. if you are into swim-up bars you can take a short walk to the bambu or naiboa. the beach was beautiful and clean-much nicer than the iberostar. also, the water was clear for the most part. we were surprised at the numerous amounts of topless women. be aware fo this if you want to take young children. bring plenty of lotions, sunscreens, and aloes! drink plenty of liquids-the sun is intense.entertainment/nightlife/toursnot much of a nightlife here. we didn't go to the disco. there is a very small casino-not much for this either. we went on the outback safari tour. this was the definite highlight fo the trip. we traveled through the hills of the dominican, learned about the culture and visited several scenic areas-great for pictures. our tour guide, elvis, was a very intelligent native who spoke four languages fluently. he made the experience entertaining and enjoyable. the lunch provided on the tour may have been the best meal we had during our trip. we also went on the marinariam snorkeling adventure. my wife wasn't that impressed and i totally disliked it. way too much swimming!overallpunta cana is gorgeous. the riu palace is a tremendous place to stay. we probably won't return in the future-maybe for an anniversary or something. we encourage those looking for a relaxing vacation to go to punta cana.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>6 Rotten Apples Just returned from an 6 Golden Apple RIU Palace Macau Vacation. The Hotel in itself is very nice the grounds are also nice. There is no beach service at all! there is no bottled water at all! the food is basicly the same every day. All the meats are fried, fried chicken, fried pork chops, fried beef, fried fish. you basicly get 8 trays of food to choose from for a typical lunch, this includes rice, beans, french fries, some sort of meat goat yes it was goat on some days not bad tasting , pasta, and a vegtable. also hamburgs and hot dogs and pizza every day. pizza was pretty good. This resort does not have botteled water they serve you water in an 8oz cup. many times there is no ice. towel service at the beach ends at apx 4pm so if you plan to go swimming after this get a towel early. I was in the casino and playing roulette and they make a lot of mistakes  quickly removing chips without payment and very poor math skills but they did say they were mistakes! If you are an american you will get a room on either side of the hotel. The ocean front rooms are for europeans. The rooms are very nice and also cleaned well daily. mini bar was stocked at least once a day.there is not always room service if you call to early before 7 am or after 4 pm nothing. and there is not food 24 hours a day as stated. We did not get sick but met many who were. We did get bad hart burn. so overall i would say in apple terms a 3 or 4 red apple would be just. this is not what i paid for. the build is very nice but airconditioning is very very limited. I could go on in writing this review but the more i think about this place the more i get discouraged.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Hampson
<Content>Only Place to Stay in D.R We have travelled to the Dominican 9 times over the years with 3 kids and often many family members in tow. We have stayed in many areas of the D.R and in many 4+ and 5+* hotels. We have just returned from Club Med, Punta Cana.We have been spoiled by our 2004 trip to the Riu Palace. On our first day at Club Med we were very disappointed and tried to relocate to the Riu but unfortunately it was fully booked.Riu Palace is a fabulous hotel and the only one we'll now go to in the D.R.You won't be disappointed here!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>garyandsue515
<Content>Wonderful Resort! This was 4th trip to Riu Palace Macao and it was better than our fist visit. We left for the D.R. on July 13th after debating whether or not to cancel due to the impending arrival of Hurricane Emily. Fortunately, Emily went south and the weather was wonderful for the entire week. Hotel rooms have been refurbished and are absolutely spotless. I like to request a room on the 2nd or 3rd floor to avoid the musty smell that has been reported, but did have a first floor and there was no problem with odors at all. One night the maid had put sheets on the beds that were nubby and kind of painful, but we pulled them off and they were replaced with fresh ones the next day. Pillows were in need of replacement, but since there were about 6 in the room we had a selection. The food was varied and very good. We traveled with our 13 year old nephew who is (at best) an extremely picky eater and he was able to survive the week with no difficulty. (plenty of pizza, pasta, bread and ice cream) Against my better judgement, we ate at the Steak House restaurant expecting steaks to be the tough, caribbean meat you usually find. WRONG!! They were very good...We ate and drank everything and no one became ill at all. They sprayed the property every am (very early) for mosquitos. Bugs were not a problem at all. There was the occasional millipede in the hall, but that was no big deal. Alcohol was premium and plentiful. THE BEACH is the best. Soft white sand, long, wide and full of palm trees for shade. Never a problem finding a beach chair. We've been to many many beaches, this is one of my favorites. The swimming pool is not huge, but very clean with continuous fountains. I personally hate swim up pool bars so it was a blessing not to have one. If someone feels that is necessary, just go to one of the nearby other Riu Hotels which do have swim up pool bars. We traveled with Apple Vacations out of Baltimore and they did a wonderful job as well. One word of caution....When departing from Punta Cana Airport make certain to check, re-check, and tripple check your departure gate as they change them without notice. It would be easy to miss your flight if you do not keep up to date.All in all, really great hotel and we will continue to return. Please feel free to email me if you have any questions or concerns.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lulubird
<Content>Will not go back. Just the facts. The beach was awesome. The sand was soft with clear blue calm water, after the hurricane passed. The service was excellent. The food was ok. We had to shoo the flys off the food at the buffet at some of the resturants. I did get very sick with food poisoning. The resort was beautiful all in all. BUT, the rooms smelled like an old basement. We changed rooms right away the first day. Mold and mildew is growing on everything in and out of the room, including on the mattress. The beds were hard as rocks and the linens were falling apart. They felt like sand paper on your skin. My fiance and I suffered from back pain all five nights. Our plan was a nice relaxing vacation, not the case. The pool was smaller than expected but refreshing. The entertainment was fun and upbeat. We did not go to the disco at night but it was large and airconditioned. I was happy to come back home to the US. I will not go back to the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our new home away from home As a previous travel agent and flight attendant I have stayed in all sorts of properties from the U.S., Mexico and Europe. I must admit that not only I, but my husband and my 14 year old daughter are used to staying at the best hotels when we go someplace or we do not go at all. And we don't get into eating at Mc Donalds while we are on vacation. This was one of the first vacations that I had actually considered cancelling because I had read alot of very mixed reviews of not only the hotel but vacationing in the Dominican Republic. Thank goodness that we did not decide to cancel. The Riu Palace Macao is exactly as it is described and then once you settle in it becomes even more. If you are looking for Disney World or a 24 hour party, this is DEFINATELY not the place for you. However if you want total class and a really nice upscale family vacation where you actually get the chance to talk to eachother and truly enjoy the real Caribbean experience of relaxing while listening to the wind blowing through the coconut palms and love the sound of the waves gently breaking on the beach, with the option for all the water sports you can handle, this is it. There is shopping nearby too. The hotel is like a step back in time, almost like a Morrocan palace that might have been in some Hemmingway book. The hotel is true Caribbean with dark woods and marble. Absolutely the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed at. Not 1 bug! The staff is absolutely charming and due to the fact that it is not a monster sized hotel the staff all know you within the first couple of days you are there. Anything you could possibly need to ask for is taken care of and then followed up on by the asst. mgr. Infact, one day I had really overdone it and become dehydrated and sick to my stomach, enough for the mgr. to have to call the doctor. Larissa, the asst. mgr took my husband personally to the manager of all the restaurants, introduced them, explained that I was upstairs in bed sick and that at any time no matter what time of the day or night that they make me anything that I wanted and would'nt even let him carry it to my room!!! Who does that??? I can even say that I have experienced a Dominican doctor and have nothing but good to say about that too! Nothing some electrolites could'nt handle. For the first time at an all inclusive I had an assigned dinner time, thinking I would hate it but we loved it! I loved being able to pick what seating I wanted for dinner as I had the same table every night and the same waiter and waitress who knew exactly what we drank and who we were. We never had to jockey for a table. If we wanted to swith times we could . Even better was the no limited nights to your dinners at the specialty restaurants like at other all inclusives.Our standard dinner staff greated us every night and took care of everything we needed and never rushed us. We had the same waiter and waitress every night. They addressed us with smiles and a friendly greeting everytime they saw us. They become your friends. And even if they aren't really glad to see you, you would never know it. The staff as a whole are the hardest working and happiest staff I have ever come across. I have to attribute this to the philosophy of Riu Hotels first for having such high standards and secondly for the Dominican people and proper staffing. EVERY night the asst. mgr, Larissa was in the dining room with a pad and pen, stopping at each table taking the time to speak to every guest, meeting all of us, asking questions about their stay and then writing down anything that someone might like changed or noting something that made someone unhappy and then actually looked into whatever the problem was and fixed it by the next time she saw you! (Effortlessly) She never stopped working, even when her husband was home with her 3 year old extremely ill. In comment to the Americans who have problems with the type of food that is prepared, please keep in mind that you are not in the United States. Also remember that this is not an American Hotel. Riu Hotels is run by a company based in Spain. It's primary clientele is from Europe. Therefore if I had to describe the food I would have to say it has a strong European influence but also is mixed with some Caribbean/Dominican. For those die hard U.S. travelers there is pizza served all day long as well as roast beef and turkey in the dining room for dinner. Pancakes, ham, sausage,cereal, toast plus lots of other European type choices for breakfast. If you can't find something to make your stomach happy here, considering that you are where you are, you might as well stay home. The difference if the food is part of the total experience. This is a very upscale hotel in a very POOR country. Have we had better food in other countries? Yes. But I really have no complaints nor did my husband whose family are caterers.To wrap things up, my family and I absolutely loved our vacation form our tennis games in the morning, the smiling faces at the front desk and restaurants, the entertainment at night and during the day by the pool, the most beautiful beach I have ever seen, the landscaping, my soft sheets and most importantly, how the entire staff made you feel. You were'nt just a room number in a huge all inclusive. You were a GUEST. And they made you feel that way. Some people just get it and some people it just does'nt click with. Infact I was not surprised to learn that about 75% of the Riu guests are rreturn customers every year. As I said, you eiter get it or you don't. It is BECAUSE of the way we were treated that we will continue to return. Infact just yesterday I recieved an e-mail from the asst. mgr. just saying hi and checking on the status of my Riu Club Card. We talk about our families and our lives as if we had known eachother for awhile. We have never experienced this at any other resort before. If you are expecting an American Holiday this is not it. If you love meeting people from other countries and sharing cultures in the laps of luxury this is it with total class... just not the flashing lights and Imax theatres of Cancun and Las Vegas. Not that they are'nt great too. It's just not that kind of vacation. It's a classy non-rowdy hotel. Kindof that old money feel but not stuffy. I am 41. My husband is 43 and my daughter is 14. It's not just for a bunch of old people. The staff is there for all ages and all cultures. You just have to remember you're not in Kansas anymore and enjoy the Dominican people. We did and are so glad we went. We are already trying to figure out when we can get back.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll DEFINITELY return again!!!!! :))) My husband and I honeymooned at the Palace from 6/27-7/1. Prior to leaving, we read dozens of reviews from other past guests...all I can say is listen to everything positive about this place!!! This place is absolutely beautiful...not perfect, but the natives try their hardest to make it perfect! If this is your first time on a resort, like us, you will fall in love with this one. If you have previously traveled to other resorts, you will fall in love with this one. I am going to break my review down in some categories:SCALE OF 1 to 10FOOD: SCORE 8 Loved the fish, grilled veggies, and abundance of fruits. There were some questionable dishes, however, what can you expect when you are in another country? I say, if you keep an open mind, and think outside of the box, you will be satisfied with the food. The best part was that we didn't have to cook for ourselves for 4 days! :)SERVICE: SCORE 10This was one of the best parts of the trip! Understanding that DR is a very poor country, you'll be amazed by the service that the natives give despite their circumstances. They gave wonderful service with a smile, and they expected nothing in return. I can say that we spent a nice portion of our money on tips (because we wanted to, not because we had to). Also, I saw security checking the bags of the cleaning ladies before they left off the resort to go home. ROOMS: SCORE 8I can say that the pictures on this website do not do justice for the rooms. The rooms are much larger in person. Ours was an ocean-view suite, but because we were on the 2 floor, we didn't have much of a view of the ocean, but we had an excellent view of the pool and garden area. We had 2 queen-size beds put together to make one huge loveboat. :) The bathroom was very nice, and the balcony was large. oh...you can easily dial home by dialing 9+1+area code and #...for a $2.00/minute charge. :(One negative that we experienced in the room was small ants and almost invisible little spiders, but we wiped the the dresser with disinfectant wipes, and had the hotel spray the room, and we didn't have a major problem with it later. Since I am a country girl, that really didn't bother me. It was kind of expected on an island with so much vegetation. Also, they kept the room stocked with sodas and liquor. One more thing, if you keep your towels and washclothes on the racks in the bathroom, they will assume you are willing to re-use the same. You have to put them on the floor if you want a new one. At the end of our trip, after we had to check out at 12:00 noon, the hotel was kind enough to give us a temporary room until we were scheduled to leave the resort at 4:00pm. I guess this was a room set aside for that purpose because it was very small. The view was non-existent, and the the furniture was not in the best condition. This let us know that our original room was excellent because it could have been worse! Guess you get what you pay for! :)POOL: SCORE 7I did not go into the pool at our hotel, which was beautiful with 3 fountains in it, however everyone else looked as though they were really enjoying it (topless and all!). I did go into the pool next door to the right of the hotel, but, honestly, I wasn't too crazy about it because there was some yellow stuff and other debris floating on the edges. At one point and time, I took in a little water...the next day my stomach was a little queazy...a little immodium AD and 7-up cured that problem! The pool at the Palace did not look dirty from where I could see.BEACH: SCORE 10Plenty of chairs, space...Again, I am not a swimmer, so I didn't get the full effect, but my husband, who is a fish, was in absolute awe. I thought the water was a little rough, but he thought it was just right! I did get use to the water after a while. I enjoyed sunbathing on the beach more than anything else. Being a beautiful, dark-skinned African-American woman (and definitely a minority at this resort), I found it wonderful to stand out from the rest of the crowd. I took advantage of the topless opportunity (that of which I would never do in the states!) Everyone was very respectful, and no one gawked, but I did notice some admirers! :) I can say that this place really did give me more appreciation and love for my own body and skin, especially seeing all the different people who were not afraid to share their bodies as well.EXCURSIONS: SCORE 10If you are fortunate enough to go on the OUTBACK SAFARI and have NACHO as your tour guide, you will have the opportunity to learn so much about DR that you probably did not know before visiting. This excursion is well worth the money (approx $79/person). We were able to travel into the country side, and see how some of the Dominicans live on a daily basis. If you go, make sure to purchase some of the fresh coffee. Also, despite how some others say to take something for the local kids, NACHO explained to us that, not only is it against the law, but also they discourage tourists from giving money, candy, toys, etc. to the kids because it promotes begging, and they want their children to understand the importance of working hard to earn their money, etc. BARGAINING:Make sure you get the price that YOU want to pay for anything that you purchase there. The hotel prices are not really negotiable, but everywhere else (including high-priced Caribbean Street) can be negotiated...start ridiculously low and then move up. Be absolutely serious about it. Remember the exchange rate right now is like 29 pesos to $1.NIGHTLIFE: SCORE 4We enjoyed Carnival on one night on Caribbean Street, but other than that, nightlife was a little non-existent at the Palace. You see people walking around, but it wasn't nothing to write home about. This place is about pure relaxation. If you're looking for a place to party...this is NOT it, but it is a place to enjoy the person you are with.DRINKS: SCORE 8I'm not much of a drinker, but I had my full of drinks! :) They didn't seem very strong; however if you asked them to add a little something extra in it, they were more than happy to oblige. My husband really loved the Presidente beer.OTHER VACATIONERS:Pretty much this place is filled with Europeans (Germans, French, English, etc...). It was great to see other Americans, but on the other hand, it was very nice to observe the ways of the other nationalities and cultures. We could learn a thing or two from each other...some of them could learn to loosen up a little, and some of us could learn to be a little more reserved when appropriate. :) However, if you make eye-contact and smile at some of the Germans, you may be able to get them to break their stoic facial expressions. SPA: SCORE 7We received a 30 minute couples massage. They mainly focused on our backs. I've had better massages, but maybe if we paid for more time, it would have been worth writing home about. AIRPORT: SCORE 9We were a little confused at first only because of the language barrier; however, we quickly figured out what we needed to do from other knowledgeable Americans. Then we were met by an Apple rep who lead us directly to our transport van (about 45 minute ride to resort).NEGATIVES:some mosquito bites (but i'm still here to write about it)heat rash (but i'm still here to write about it)spiders/ants in the room (but i'm still here to write about it)missed the lobster dinner on friday night (but...well i'm still a little upset about that one...BUT i'm still here to write about it :)ADVICE:pack lightly, it's very hot and humidif you're of a paler complexion, take a black bathing suit, and if you're of a darker complexion, take a white bathing suit...the contrast on the skin is amazing! :)take plenty of sunscreen (AAs, too)don't forget meds (tylenol, immodium, etc)don't swallow the water (not even the pool water)guys take plenty of t-shirts (it's very humid)TAKE SMALL BILLS ($1, $5, $10) - you can lock your cash in your room safe...we never used our VISA, and our large bills were used for the excusion onlystay for atleast 7 days, 4 was too short for usOPEN YOUR MIND, AND ENJOY YOUR STAYTREAT THE STAFF WITH ALL DUE RESPECT...THEY DESERVE IT!!! :)peace!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OneoffClothing
<Content>Cannot wait to get back to the Riu Palace       Relaxing hotel bar  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jacque24
<Content>Great Hotel My Fiance and I returned from a 2 week stay at the palace (2/6 - 16/6) and i have to say that this hotel is amazing. I read a lot of reviews on this website before we left and i was unsure of what to expect. However, we were blown away by the hotel and especially by the staff.The staff on arrival were friendly and exlpained the various rules of the hotel, such as how to get your towels each day and when and were to eat.The room we stayed was in great condition and thankfully there was air conditioning. There is a mini bar with bottled water, soft drinks and alcohol which was restocked everyother day. They also have a safe in each room.The pool is okay but we found that, because of the palm trees, there was not much breeze so it got very hot around that area. Still, its great to have the waiter come round and take your drink order whilst your soaking up the rays!We spent most of our time on the beach, which is fantastic. The sea is clear and very clean. The only problem was you got a lot of people approaching you to try and get you to go parasailing/scuba diving etc.ALL the staff were excellent, they do anything to help you and a big shout out goes to Rafael, our waiter in the main resturant. Most of them speak fairly good english but i does help if you know some basic spanish.The food is good but got a bit samey towards the end of our stay. Im pleased to say the we did not suffer any illness nor did anyone else that we knew of.The only negative we could find is that there isnt much entertainment in the evenings but you are free to go into the other hotels in the resort to find some.All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and came back alot more relaxed than when we left. Enjoy your stay !  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rollercoaster at the Palace I just returned from a 7 day vacation/honeymoon at the Riu Palace (June 8-15). My fiance and I took 24 of our closest friends and family down there for our wedding, which was absolutely beautiful. We got married on the beach, and with the help of the wedding coordinator at the Palace, Magnolia, everything turned out just as I had imagined. We were upgraded to a suite upon our arrival, and things were looking pretty good. However, from then it was like a roller coaster. We didn't arrive at the Palace until 5:30, and we were starving. But because all of the restaurants were getting ready for the 6:30 dinner, we weren't able to eat anything. Every night all of the restaurants have two dinner seatings, at 6:30 and 8:30, ONLY! We had three kids traveling with us, an 11 year old, a 6 year old, and a 21 month old. At 6:30, it is just way too early to eat, and at 8:30 it is too late. The same night of our arrival, we were ALLOWED to eat in the main buffet restaurant at 8:30, however once we got down there, we were refused to be let in, because all the men had on shorts, and men have to wear pants to eat in this restaurant, where there is little to no air conditioning. We were at the beach where it was 90+ degrees, why would we bring pants? The people there weren't even nice about it, they were very rude and said that the guys could possibly BORROW some from the front desk! If not, then you just don't get to eat, because they don't allow you to take food out of the restaurants and there is no room service available (only in the mornings from 7 am to 10 am). Luckily the front desk had some horrible navy blue polyester pants in various sizes that the guys were able to put on for the duration of dinner! To close on the restaurants, the food is horrible, so make sure you take plenty of snacks, and make sure that you make reservations EVERYDAY to eat, or else you won't get to! One night we went to one of the restaurants without reservations, and were turned away, with only 7 people in the restaurant, because they didn't have enough food!! I have never been to an All Inclusive that didn't have enough food! Also, my new husband got so sick after eating some strange looking beef (Dominican mystery meat). He threw up for two days and then ended up eating Pringles, Doritos, and Snickers that he bought from the store for the rest of our trip! The wait staff is pretty good, as long as you're tipping, they will come around regularly to check on you and bring you more drinks. The beach bar is definitely the best; besides its location, they are the only bar with frozen drinks and the atmosphere just can't be beat!The beaches there are so beautiful, white sand and turquoise water. They are a lot of activities that can be booked down at the beach, and those are pretty much the only ones available. The Palace crowd tends to be European and senior citizens. It is not much of a party place and they don't offer very many activities in itself. The pool there is very nice, as is all of the scenery; great views everywhere that you look!The days before our wedding, we were able to get pretty much anything that we wanted from the front desk; however afterwards, it was a different story. Some of the people who worked there would pretend that they couldn't speak English, even though we had talked to them before, like when there was a problem. On the day that my family left, some of them left their carry-on bags behind the front desk, and then when they went back to get them, stuff was missing out of them: CD players, makeup, etc., and when they were confronted about the missing items, the staff got very ugly and used very foul language to express themselves! The cleaning staff at the Palace is the best that I have ever seen. They are the friendliest ones there, they do an awesome job, and are VERY trustworthy!Most of our group is pretty young, 20's-30's, and we were hoping that this resort would be a little more happening. It is very much a place to go and relax. If you go with a group, you can liven it up, or if you're lucky, you'll meet some other people there your age to hang out with. The Palace is definitely nicer than the other Riu hotels in Punta Cana, but it is definitely not a 5-star resort. I have been to many other resorts in Cancun, Cozumel, Puerta Plata, Cabo San Lucas, Puerta Vallarta, etc., which were nicer and they may or may not have been 5-star. The Palace is very proud of their 5-star status, as they bring it up anytime they can, but I'm not quite sure that their stars are the same as in the US!If you have any questions or would like to see pictures, please email me and I will be more then happy to share our experience! Also, if you are planning a beach wedding, I would love to share our story for any nervous brides!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Loved the Riu Palace Macao My wife and I just returned from a 7-day stay at the Riu Palace Macao (we stayed May 27 - June 3). We had stayed at the Riu Bambu last September and thought we would try the Palace this time around. In comparison with the Bambu, the Palace offered a much more relaxed atmosphere. The Bambu is more noisy and crowded whereas the Palace is much more calm and relaxed. The food was better, and the beach offered a beach bar where guests of the Palace could get drinks (at the Bambu, guests had to walk from the beach to a restaurant to get a drink). The Palace was beautiful, the staff was excellent, and the room was wonderful. When we first arrived at the resort, a manager assured us that they would do anything necessary to make our stay super or excellent - not just good, and they definitely did. The Palace is more formal than the Bambu; at the Palace, the men and women must wear something over their bathing suits, and the waiters get your sodas for you as opposed to the self-service at the Bambu, where bathing suits are permitted in the lunch restaurants. Also, the men must wear long pants to dinner at the buffet restaurant, which can be very hot. The buffet has a variety of foods, and our last night there, they offered lobster and filet mignon. We ate at the buffet restaurant every night, and you are assigned a seat and a time to eat; Angel was our server, and he did a fantastic job. By the third day, he knew exactly what we wanted to drink and brought it to us immediately. We never experienced any illness from the food - not this year at the Palace or last year at the Bambu. I sampled practically everything on the buffet, and never did get sick. Most of the guests are European, but the staff was able to communicate well with them and speak English with us. In fact, we were under the impression that the staff that spoke the best English had been assigned to the Palace as opposed to one of the other Riu resorts. The rooms were very nice and offered a mini-fridge that was stocked daily. There are hair dryers in the room, but my wife brought her own and asked for an adapter to plug it in. We had to pay a $5 deposit, which we got back when we checked out. The beach is absolutely phenomenal, and the water was very clean and clear. We got up early every morning and went to the beach. They had several canopies covering 2 chairs and a table, and we sat under one of these canopies every day. Most days, we fell asleep under the canopy with the breeze blowing and the sound of the waves rolling in. We also walked a couple of miles down the beach; it was beautiful and very safe. It was the most relaxing experience we have ever had. We experienced 7 days of total relaxation and had not a care in the world. We have stayed twice at the Moon Palace Resort in Mexico, twice at Iberostar in Mexico, and at Sandals in Negril, Jamaica, and we truly believe that this trip to the Palace surpassed those wonderful trips. We had such an amazing time, and we miss it already. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Family trip of 14 to Riu We took a family of 14 to Punta Cana including a 2 year old and a 7 year old. The Riu Palace does everything that they can to make sure that you are happy. We ended up being upgraded to a suite because I just mentioned to the GM that we had a two year old and wanted to know if they had any private type rooms, he moved us to a beautiful suite with plenty of room for the 3 of us. The food really is not that bad, I had read a ton of reviews before we left and was freaking out. I do want to mention that almost everyone on our trip did get diarrhea. It may have been the food or it may have been the 25 rum and cokes they were drinking everyday. I did however get really sick the night before we left. I know it was not the drinks because I do not drink that much. It has been 5 days since we got home and I have not left the bed except to write this go to the Dr. and to make 100 trips a day to the bathroom. I am not giving negative reviews to the hotel or to Punta Cana I just think something I ate bothered me. We took a side trip to Sanoa Island which is breathtaking. They serve you lunch and we had done this trip the Thursday before we left so I think that is what did it. Enjoy your trip and relax, take the Pepto and a few other things and you will be fine. Also, if you are getting ready to leave I will warn you it is very very very hot!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2nd Honeymoon above and beyond We were so scared going on the vacation after reading some of the reviews, I brought along more medication than I could ever use. Once we got to the Palace what a palace she is. The staff could not do enough for use. You will find a smile goes along way and is UNIVERSAL. Dont forget you are in a spanish speaking country. I would say at least 80% of the staff spoke english or would find someone very quickly for you that did speak english. The food was very good so much better than we thought it was going to be. There is something for everyone and different all the time. We brushed our teeth with the water but did not drink it we use the bottle water in the room and all the rest. serv bottles water. Best of all I never used ANY of the medication nor did my husband. We travel alot and I would give this resort a 9 out of 10 which i would grade the Hyatt or marriott in aruba the same. We will be going back with many of our friends very soon. For all the people how complained sham on you, stay home next time!  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lots of sun This was my fourth time staying at the Riu Palace and I have no complaints. I was here from 04/24 to 05/08 and it was extremely hot and no rain....bring lots of sunscreen. The rooms are beautiful and also kept extremely clean. The maids are available at all times and even come in the evening to turn down the beds. The front desk staff (Santana and Serveno) are pleasant and very accomodating. You can always see the dining room staff catering to all of our needs and if you have a problem you just need to ask Salvador or Montero to accomodate your request. The food is enjoyable and the drinks plentiful. Thanks to the animation team (Johnny Bravo, Edward and Chocolate) for all the laughs. Take a scuba lesson with Enis who is here from Germany, very friendly girl. Robert the manager is very friendly and can be seen on the property at all times making sure you are enjoying your stay and that you are well taken care of.I think the tourists need to remember that the staff at these hotels work more than our ususal 8hr day and normally work 11-14 days straight, so if they seem a little tired, then they probably are. They deserve to be tipped especially if they are going out of their way to please you. If you want to shop ask someone about going to the Bavaro plaza as the Caribbean street is quite expensive, or take a walk along the beach to find many vendors. My only complaint is that this hotel is 80% German, and without trying to pass judgement, they seem to think that they are the only ones vacationing here and therefore tend to be pushy in the dining room and at the bar.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>itsteve888
<Content>Riu Palace of Pleasure After reading many other reviews of the riu palace, i have to admit there was a bit of skepticism prior to departing, however, leave your fears at home. The palace is plush and exquisite. If your desire is to go to a ultra clean resort, with a very, very nice beach, a nice pool, great service staff, and enjoy yourself relaxing, this is the place to go. If you are going on an all inclusive trip to eat gourmet food, you may want to reconsider. The food is ok, not bad, just ok. I ate at the big dinner buffet once, and made reservations at the ala carte restaurants the remainder of the evenings. Myself, if i am paying premium prices to go to an all inclusive, i would prefer to be waited on by a server. Every meal i had at the ala cartes was very nice. You will need to make your dinner reservations every morning, for the same evening, those are the rules. A few other things to be aware of: if you can, close your eyes on the 30 minute drive from the aiport to the resort, it can be frightening. If you dont understand spanish, it can be a bit frustrating upon arrival, but dont let it intimidate you, within a day or 2, you will feel right at home. Approximately 50% of the guests are from germany, and i did not find them to be the freindliest of folks, maybe it is the 12 hour plane trip to punta cana that caused some irritation. There are 4 males that provide the daily and evening entertainment, and without any doubt, they are one of the reasons i would return, they are funny, friendly, and liven up the entire resort. The surrounding riu resorts are basically younger in age range and had more children than i would prefer, therefore, i spent most of my time in the palace. All in all, I would say that you would not be dissapointed if you want to go have a great time, at a very clean and friendly resort.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Spot for All Ages !!!! I went with a group of 3 other people, and must admit that we had the time of our lives. It was myself (32 yrs) 2 other 32 year olds and my friends mom. From the moment we got there - the bar was open. To my surprise, when we entered our room, they had a premium bar in the wall (all inclusive). We stayed there for a week and while the food got rather common by the fourth day- they surprised us with a lobster and steak feast. I mean all you can eat. I must a ate 6 or 7 whole lobsters. The service was wonderful. The people were so very nice. What makes the Riu so special is that we had access to every Riu property on the resort - 5 other Riu Hotels. They tell you not to drink the showe and sink water, and we didnt. They do however, have a premium filtration system that would allow for you to drink the water at the resturant. With any beach front hotel, there are always going to be concerns with the limitations of beach chairs. But to be honest, we really did not have a problem with obtaining a chair. It was simply wonderful. I always had a dream of catching a white marlin in the carrabean. And guess what??? They have their own deep sea fishing charter - and yes, I caugat a 7.5' white marlin. The fishing is great there! If you have a loved one, a family, or just want to go by yourself, the RIU palace is the place to be! ENJOY.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelinwoolbury
<Content>Awesome vacation Just returned from the Riu Palace Macao and had read many of the reviews before travelling. I have travelled to MANY carribbean destinations so this is not the first all inclusive resort I ahve been to. Let me assure anyone who is considering this hotel but is reluctant due to the negative reviews. This hotel was AWESOME. The staff and service far exceeded my expectations. The drinks were great (premium brands) the beach was the one of the nicest I have ever seen, the pool was refreshing and the resort itself was beautifully maintained. The rooms were clean and very nice. ( we stayed in a jacuzzi suite which was beautiful with a great ocean view)The food was good. It was not great but it was not horrible. It is exactly what I have experienced at most all inclusives. The buffet always had something I enjoyed and the ala cartes were all right. This resort was quiet and relaxing (just what we wanted) If you want party time then go to the Bambu which is next door. (although it is very loud and crowded) We went to this resort for a wedding and some of the large group (almost thirty people went to this resort for the wedding and maybe five got sick ) did get sick. I think though, no matter where you travel, when you drink to excess, eat to excess and sit in the sun (heat always makes people sick) You are bound to get some diarhea. Take immodium. We had no problem with the runs.Anyhoo, do not hesitate to go to this resort - you will love it and won't be disappointed. I would go back in a second and have no reservations in recommending this resort to anyone.They did an amazing job with the wedding as well. (my first carribbean wedding and was very impressed) My husband and I had witnessed many weddings at a Sandals resort and none compared to this wedding. Once again - Two thumbs up to the service at this hotel. They exceed the five star rating for service excellence.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dhobson
<Content>Excellent We just got back from the Palace and loved it. The beach was truly unbelievable. The staff was gracious, friendly and accommodating. The food was good though not great, but exactly what I would expect from a nice all-inclusive. Though the snackbar was terrible, the main dining rooms and the specialty restaurants were more than adequate. Several people we had spoken with had visited the Palace multiple times, and we also expect to return!  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bookberry
<Content>Best Trip EVER Just returned from a 4 day trip to Punta Cana. Our group of 10 stayed at the RUI Palace. I cannot say enough about our rooms and service. IT was just wonderful. The hotel was very clean and inviting. Staff was great!! Especially Teo at the bar near the water. The weather was sunny and warm even though it rained just a liitle it did not spoil a moment. Food was OK, just like most reviews have stated, but we never went hungry. Can't wait to go back again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rather pay to stay home then go there again Was suppsoe to be a honeymoon ya right, a peice of luggage was lost at the hotel and never found, was suppose to be in a jaquzzi suite get stuck in a standard room and they tell me the room was trashed from the people before then was told the sales department over booked. had no water oneday and the next had aunts all in my room and took the maids 2 hours to come up and clean it. Food please lived on french fries and ice cream. wife was sick everynight from the food. So i ask myself will i ever go back...NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Travelman269
<Content>Highly Recommended Let me begin by saying that we entered this vacation with a cautious eye. After reading the reviews on this website, I was more than curious about the lack of similarities between the reviews. This was a great vacation. My wife and I spent 9 nights and 10 days in paradise. The service and resort was much more than we ever expected, especially for the price. The natives of the island were a warm and firendly people. The beach was incredible with a constant breeze to keep the heat stress down. We prefed the pool in the afternoon. The lack of many kids was great. The Bambu was crawling with the rugrats, and we were glad to have stayed at the Palace. The food was nothing to write home about. I had no problems finding things to eat, but my wife (who tends to be a little more on the picky side) wasn't as thirlled with the cuisine as I. A basic knowledge of Spanish is helpful. Rough English is spoken by most workers, but remember, you are in a Spanish speaking country. We would expect them to speak English, if they came here. Also, Jonny Bravo, of the Anamacion staff was awesome. He was a blast to be around and wasn't as crude as some of the others. Again, have no concerns if you are booking your trip. It is worth your time and money.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally Wonderful Place and Vacation at the Riu Palace Never have my husband and I received such excellent service as at the Riu Palace, altho' we take a vacation at least once and sometimes twice a year. The attention was incredible..felt like a royal family!! The place was so beautiful and immaculate and service people were cleaning up regularly. The food was very enjoyable, altho' the beef was a bit tough, but we ate kid (very tender), and at the carving station had a whole grouper (not that we ate the whole thing!), a pig roast one night (best I ever had, including locally done), loved loved loved the pork chops. Don't know what they season them with, but they were scrumptuous. Wouldn't mind having some of their recipes...!! We did eat at the International Buffet each evening as there was such a variety to choose from that we felt we would be cheated had we only one entree!! Our waiters were so attentive and after the second day, brought me my favorite, Cappucino, as we sat down, without me even asking. The bread was great and the desserts were wonderful. and this from a woman who is basically a light eater!! Salad selections were terrific, too. They also make great pasta dishes and pizza, of which I was surprised to find pasta there. There were at least 9 stations and on Mexican night, had addt'l stations. For lunch we ate at the Caribe Grill and/or the pizzeria. Both sit on the beach by the ocean and is wonderful to have lunch and sit and take in the gorgeous sights. Breakfast was in the International Buffet and choice of food was quite varied. The beach is incredible, too. soft powdery sand, no shells or rocks to contend with, did not blow on us even during one windy day,' walking into the ocean was like walking on velvet and, except for one day when there was a storm out at sea which produced some minor seaweed, was very clear and a beautiful turqoise in color. Had perfectly beautiful weather every day, but can't say that was the Riu's doing! HaHa. The service around the pool and beach is also exceptional. One day we were trying to move some chaises under the palm trees and one of the employees came up to us saying NoNoNo, and we thought, oops, we weren't supposed to move the chairs, but he meant, no, you don't do it, I do! He got us chairs and they also give you additional chaise pads to place on the chairs. We did also tip the housekeepers, waiters, and pool help as they do not make much money and truly deserved anything you give them. Each evening someone comes around to check the refrigerator which is stocked with beer, soda, water and the hard liquor bar, which had Beefeaters gin, rum, vodka and whiskey in. We are not drinkers, so to speak, but I like a drink before I retire to bed. The local people are very sweet and so happy, even tho' they have little compared to us and Europeans, Canadians, etc. We met some very nice people from France, Germany, Holland, Belgium, and altho' we always couldn't speak the same language, got our messages across. Due to some health problems my husband has, we only took one tour, altho' I wish I could have taken the Safari,. but one has to takewhat one gets! We also enjoyed the antics of the entertainment staff and the shows at night. We would definitely love to return to this wonderful island and hotel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will absolutely return next year Will defintely return next year to this hotel. My wife and I spent a week arriving on March 19. Upon arrival after the most efficient check in we've had in the Caribbean we were taken to our rooms upon which a manager called to ensure everything was ok...that's how the entire week of service went. Managers or sub directors continually enquired how we enjoyed our stay and they are always available at dinner if you choose to raise any concern, although at this hotel you would have to work to find a problem.The standard room we had was very well furnished with no signs of wear, a decent size, and extremely clean.The food is diverse, well prepared and up to both European and North American scrutiny. With several restaurants to choose from things never seem repetitive. You can never go wrong with the main buffet, incredible selection and very good.Last year we stayed at the Punta Cana Beach Resort, which is the only none all inclusive resort in Punta Cana and enjoyed it very much. Although we enjoy a drink and fun I am not interested in sitting around for a week with some intoxicated loud opinionated individuals...not a problem here, everyone enjoyed themselves without being intrusive to others.Great place to converse with people from other cultures. You may not be able to get too far into politics, but that's ok on a holiday. The resort doesn't seem to be as densely populated as others, more space and definitely more staff per guest. They are constantly cleaning.Probably not the best resort for singles although you can go to the adjacent Bambu which seems to be less married. If you want a place where you want to see everyone wearing shirts at meals this is a good place. If having to wear a shirt at a meal in the Caribbean bugs you, then best to choose another resort.We took Malaria, Typhoid, and Hepatitis medications. Weren't sick and never saw a mosquito. My wife's sister is a nurse and she, her son and her friend, another nurse were in Punta Cana the week previously and didn't take any meds and didn't have any problems.One of the Assistant Directors, Larissa was so attentive, not just with us but with all her guests, that we will be returning to this resort next year. This resort has the food, service, activities and beach to make anyone's vacation a success.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Overwhelmed My wife and I stayed with 3 other couples for 4 nights/5 days in April 2005. Although the beach was as good as we've experienced in the Carribean, we all agreed that there were several shortcomings. The pool was too small and had no swim up bar. We find this to be a nice treat when traveling. The service was very good throughout the resort, but the drinks at the bars left much to be desired. We had a hard time getting the same drink (flavor, liquor choice), within a bar. Something as simple as Scotch /water was a real adventure. The bathrooms were located about 1/4 mile from the beach. The bar at the beach was a healthy walk. One noticable difference from other resorts I have stayed in in the Carribean, is that when you want water to drink, you get a 32 ounce bottle, not an 8 ounce glass. This would have been nice. Also, there were no towels at the workout center. Take one from your room!The men were not impressed with having to wear long slacks @ dinner and sitting outside. Very warm! This would be OK if you choose to dress business casual. My wife and I had the opportunity to eat dinner our last night at the Bambo. I wore shorts and a pollo shirt and was very comfortable. The buffet was much better then the buffet at our resort.Overall, we can say we've been to Punta Cana, but we won't return. I perfer the Mexican Riveria.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would go back tomorrow if I could! My husband and I JUST returned from a week long stay at the Rui Palace and I am not one to go out of my way to write a review. Our stay was so perfect that I wanted to spread the word.The rooms are beautiful- the food is diverse and delicious- the staff is top notch and friendly- the beach is gloriuos-the beaches are also well guarded so there are no locals hasseling you. The entertainment is fun- yoga and salsa lessons by the beach. The Animacion (entertainment staff) MADE the place! They were AMAZING and really went out of their way to make sure you were having a good time. Amazingly, after 2 days, they know you by name. Either of us got sick. We brushed our teeth with the big jugs of the water provided by the hotel-- the restaurants use purified water so all of the friuts and vegetables (even ice cubes) are safe.One caution- DO NOT FORGET to bring your own suntan lotion/block. We forgot and ended up paying $18 usd for one bottle!!!I want to comment on some of the bad reviews posted on this board...1) There ARE alot of Europeans at this hotel. What's wrong with that? They add a fun flavor- and besides, we see Americans every day. They are not rude- there is just a language barrier. We found that a smile goes a long way and conversed (as best we could) with many of the French and German.They have their sterotypes about us, like we have about them...but I found that they were suprised as we were about how we are all nice people.2) The food- there as so many different types of food that cater to what all the different nationalites are used to. Okay- you can't get a bagel and cream cheese...big deal. Why not open your mind and experience new foods?GO WITH AN OPEN MIND AND YOU WILL HAVE AN AMAZING VACATION!!!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely perfect hotel and resort My husband and I spent 2 fabulous weeks at Riu Palace Macao March 9th to 23rd. Everything about the hotel was first class, everything we read in the other reviews, cleanliness friendlyness and excellent variety and standard of food, but none of the negatives I had read about before we travelled. We did not see a single mosquito, no bites at all, we didn't have any tummy upsets although I took everything with us, imodium peptobismol etc. and we didn't hear of anyone else at this hotel with any problems. I cannot rate this hotel highly enough we stayed at the Riu Palace Las Americas in Cancun last year when it was brand new and I didn't expect this one to live up to that standard, but we were not dissappointed, although it has been open for quite a few years now it is in excellent repair, very clean, and the grounds are just beautifull. The beach is amazing, even better than cancun, white coral sand and turquoise sea and palm trees mile after mile after mile. We went on three excursions while we were there, and the best by far is the Marinarium where you get to snorkle with sharks and sting rays on the coral reef just down the coast, then you sail back on the catamaran dancing to Bob Marley and drinking rum and coke, amazing morning out for about æ‹¢40 each!!! There were very few english at this hotel about 10 while we were there, but it is never a problem. We visited the other Rius in this resort, there were more English families at the Bambu, I would say if your a couple the Palace is a must, families with children would find more facilities at the Bambu, and singles would prefer the much livelier Taino.The Palace is only bookable through Portland Direct in the UK. Go and enjoy as we did!!!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kapfamily
<Content>An absolutely incredible vacation spot My husband and I, including our three young sons (8,7,3.5yrs) just returned from 8 days of paradise...Our stay was from March 18-25. We like many others read reviews stating some negative comments about the resort, yet went with an open mind. We are very excited to report that the Palace is an absolutely clean, friendly, and high-end resort. The rooms, grounds and pool were spotless. The staff, incredibly friendly and would do anything to make your stay positively memorable. Things to remember: take plenty of your own analgesics,peptol bismal, suntan lotion etc, (not that you will necessarily use all, but better to have them with you, than to have to pay the high prices there); we did not see barely any mosquitos, but then again with young children we did not go out at night; bring lysol wipes, and in good practice, with any foreign place you are sleeping in, wipe down knobs, phones, tables etc; another good practice is to always carry with you a hand sanitizer; don't drink their water,not even to brush your teeth with.Get your Hep A shot; eat everything you want... expect as with any change of climate, different cultural foods etc, you may get gastric changes (in any part of the world). Sit back and enjyoy everything that this beautiful place has to offer, because the days will go by fast. Our children have visited the less primitive Island of the Bahamas, and to our delight enjoyed this visit more!(Were able to learn to scuba dive in the pool, banana boat rides, take pictures with parrots and monkeys). Again expect a high-end hotel, especially compared to the other hotels around you...don't get caught up on 5star etc, because the term 5 star cannot be used universally. Get there and ENJOY!!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally excellent March 11-18/2005 Our trip  stay at the RIU Palace was almost perfect. We went with Apple Vacations  find them very satisfactory (our 3rd trip). The USA3000 flight was on time, check-in  out very smooth. No luggage delays in Punta Cana, we were swiftly taken to our hotel, where to our delight our room was ready. The hotel is beautiful, our room was beautiful, large, clean and excellently maintained through our stay. The staff were super in all instances, cheerful, polite  went out of their way to be helpful. The beach was fabulous with plenty of chairs in full sun, partial shade or total shade - one of the best we have ever seen. The ocean was lovely to swim in. We were very happy with the food at the buffet  all the other restaurants.The country itself was beautiful - we went on the Outback Safari (highly recommend it)  really got a good sampling. If you go, take pencils, school supplies, small toys for children - do not give money  they do not beg. The children were all so sweet  pretty  so thrilled to get these items, but they did not expect anything  seemed happy just to see people. Try to see something other than the hotel  beach - the scenery and people are truly magnificent. Don't miss the Thursday carnival night - it was so much fun.We have been many, many places (Aruba, Riviera Maya, Hawaii, Tahiti) but are very close to thinking this was the best. We didn't know what to expect as we knew no one who had gone to DR. I read some of the on-line reviews - some were not so good - but I can hardly say enough about how much we loved everything about the trip. Plus, we had no illnesses, mishaps or inconveniences at all.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>see you next year! We just returned from a one week stay at the Riu Palace and had a great time. The beach is beautiful and there is no problem getting a lounge chair. As my husband and I in our mid fourties were going for relaxing vacation without children, this was the place to be. Although it is not an adults only resort it seemed less than 2% of the guests were children. If you want activities for young children stay at another Riu.We had no air conditioning in our room the first night and they couldn't move us until people checked out the next day. The staff at the front desk were very helpful and friendly. The rooms are very clean and they have a turn down service in the evening. We tipped the maid $3. every morning and an additional $1. in the evening if we needed more towels.The buffet always had a very good variety of food with breakfast and dinner being the largest. Lunch was downsized quite a bit because most people ate elsewhere. We found lunch at the restaurant next to the pool better than the Caribe Grill which is overlooking the beach. If eating next to the pool be sure to try the wood oven pizzas, loved them. The wine is not very good if you are a wine lover but other positives more than make up for it.They offer outdoor massages but beware of the high pressure to buy a package. My husband bought a package of six and did not use two.Save your money and don't play the slots in the casino. Unlike Vegas where you know people actually win sometime these machines are very tight.Bring a lot of sunscreen, it is very expensive if you run out. Also don't forget imodium and pepto bismol. My husband felt sick a couple of days but was able to function because of the imodium. If you need to purchase any items you will save money buy walking three minutes to Carribean Street, items at the hotel shops are at least 20% more.Most of the guests at the resort are German, followed by other Europeans. We rarely heard anyone speak English. Most times language was not a barrier but it would help to learn some basic phrases in Spanish.Beware if you are going to go topless that my husband and I saw three different men secretly taking pictures of topless women, you may end up on the internet.The resort was constantly being cleaned inside and out. The staff was very friendly, this is a well managed resort.I'm writing this review sipping my Dominican coffee in my Dominican mug and wishing I was back at the Riu Palace. Overall we had wonderful experience and are definately going back.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Home In The Caribbean       Standard Room  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The stomach storm has passed Just returned from a week at the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana with my wife and 2 children (9  11). I went with great trepidation (and lots of OTC meds) regarding the stomach problems being reported, and am pleased to report we had no problems and hear of no one else who did (and I did ask). When I arrived I asked the front desk the status of the problem and they feigned ignorance. At dinner, however, a manager came to greet us and when I asked her she was very candid. Her response was basically We don't know what happened but when 150 people per day were showing up sick how could I deny a problem. She said when rooms vacated they were kept empty for 2 days and cleaned thoroughly along with numerous other precautions and measures. As I stated - no problem experienced or seen.As for the trip, we spent the last two years at Riu Palace in Playa Del Carmen. I am not going to take on a comparison now other than to state that we loved both for different reasons. Most notable about PC was the incredibly friendly and responsive staff - across the board. With my kids approaching pre-teen we did find the dearth of onsite activities for them more limiting than past years and that alone will probably push us to a different hotel next year.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not do it I have never been so ill. People ok. Grounds ok. Please dont spend the money at the Riu. They did nothing for us.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seadiver
<Content>No Problems Just returned from a 7 day trip to the Palace. Not a mosquito to be found! I ate everything in site, as did the group of 7 I was with. This included my two daughters 9 and 7. We stopped at the Bambu pool for a cocktail and also the pool at the Riu Taino. Other than that we were content on the Palace grounds. The precautions I took are as follows.Malaria meds for my daughters. (Not me or the other adults.)I took hand sanitizer with me wherever we went and my daughters washed there hands often with SOAP and water. Brought a can of Lysol and sprayed the room from top to bottom. I sat on the beach and enjoyed myself.....  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>canesmom
<Content>Don't eat the salad! Returned from Riu Palace Jan 22. The hotel grounds are beautiful and the people of D.R. we met were all lovely. However, this hotel is not even close to 5 star. Closer to 3 star by American standards. The mattresses clearly have not been replaced for years, and cant hold a candle to Marriotts  Sheratons new sweet dreams etc bed. The European cuisine was repetitive and uneventful. I'll take American food any day over that! We arrived on Saturday and by Monday many in our group of 160 were complaining about the food. We even went out on Monday and paid for dinner at a great restaurant on the beach that was referred to us by William at the hotel JELLYFISH. The food there was wonderful and Wanda  Gabriel treated us great. I highly recommend it to any who visit. I was very careful to drink only bottled water even for brushing teeth. On Thursday evening I had salad made with iceberg lettuce and tomato(the only thing my husband didn't eat that I did) and by the middle of the night I got violently ill with vomitting, diarrhea, headache and high fever. I was sick all the next day and could not even get out of bed until Sat morning. I was still feeling very poorly but had to vacate the room by 12:00 and wait for a 9:30 flight. Many peolple in our group got ill some mildly and some badly. Usa3000 was great, but the Apple Vacation planning was very poor. We were told by the Apple rep that the catamaran excursion was a 30 minute bus drive away. Two hours one way making for a 13 hour excursion. I have traveled many times and would not choose to go back to DR any time soon.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No regrets Just returned Jan 22, 2005. The RIU Palace is five star in everything but the food and wine. The food is good but the menu in the ala carte restaurants is limited to only three choices. Since I like to be served rather then stand in buffet lines this was a little disappointing. The seasonings were outstanding but the meats were a little tough and fatty by USA standards. Most of the fish was great. I found it strange that most of the hors d'oeuvres were the same all week long. (shrimp, calamari, chicken legs, and fish.) Unfortunately we were advised not to eat raw vegatables as in salads due to the possibility they might have been washed in tap water. I do not know whether this is a fact since we didn't want to experiment but it would be nice if someone could verify this point since the salads looked great. The wine was not very good. There were only white and red and I have no idea what varieties they were. The room bar is nice and the local Presidente beer is a pretty good pilsner. Keep in mind that at this resort all alcoholic beverages are no extra charge including the room bar. Contrary to what I have read the bar and room ice is safe to put in drinks. You may want to take snacks since they are not readily available. The breakfast and lunch buffets were very good also.Service at the Palace is great and spreading $1.00 tips around is a good idea. As one person wrote on this site take a lot of small bills for tips. Special credit goes to the Hotel manager Roberto and the Headwaiter Salvador. They are amazingly friendly and helpful. Everyone at the property is wonderful.For a couple of days the credit card readers didn't work at some of the stores on the Carribean street. Some phone cards don't work. Verizon cell phones worked great with the CDMA network. Many other cell phones don't work. Check before going.The beach areas are some of the prettiest anywhere. The grounds are very well kept as you would expect. The whole place is constantly being cleaned. I don't know why but the jacuzzi and the pool are cooler than you would expect in that climate. The rooms are large and beautifully done. Our headboard was nearly 10 feet wide to accomodate two queens pushed together to make one of the largest beds I have ever seen. Most rooms have at least a partial ocean view off the large balcony. Room service breakfast on the balcony is wonderful. Due to the European design the bathrooms have a bidet but the tub/shower if a little small by USA standards. There is plenty of hot water pressure but remember not to drink it. Satelite TV is mostly Spanish but with enough US channels including Showtime. You probably won't need to watch much TV though.Apple Vacations did a good job coordinating everything. The USA3000 charter flight was a refreshing change from regular scheduled planes. They had real food and a movie. The service was good.Punta Cana airport is beautiful and modern. The only thing I didn't understand was the flight times. In my opinion they got us there too early for room availability and we left too late.Over all this is a great place to vacation if you like all- inclusive resorts. Be aware that the vacationers are mostly European and the beach has a fair share of topless sun worshipers. I hope this helps.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FilipBelgium
<Content>Stay from 1st --> 8 january I stayed in the hotel a couple of days ago. We had nice weather (a little rain from time to time) The hotel is rated 5* locally but I can confirm that it is more a good 4* compared to European and American standards. Overall the rooms are spotless but it is clear that they are used 'often'- they are cleaned once a day and towels are changed twice ! The pool is not big but very clean - the beach is superb (compared to the other resorts) - the spa is 'cold' but who cares, the ocean is warmer and it is more fun to swim in the nice blue water ! The restaurants serve very nice food. It is true that the food is 'European' style but I would think that this is a 'plus' since 'American' food in general (and I have been to your nice country / continent more than once so no hard feelings !) is not really the best is it? I havn't met any rude people (from wathever country) only some Germans tend to think that they 'own' the place, just ignore them. The staff is very friendly and will do everything that is in their power to make the stay as enjoyable as possible. Riu All-in means really all-in so no complaints ! I had a very pleasant stay, i didn't see rats or other 'cruel' animals not even a fly.... If you go to the Riu Resort the Palace is the Place to be; It is probably not such a good hotel when you are looking for a very active vacation or have younger kids, however if you want to relax and do 'nothing' but reading and sunbathing it's heaven on earth. I 'visited' the public parts (not the rooms or restaurants !) of the other Riu's in the resort (Taino, Bambu etc) and I have to be honest; I stayed in several Riu hotels all over the globe and only the Palace reaches the usal Riu 'standards'. The other hotels are clean but it is clear that their best time lies behind them. I hope this is usefull ! Enjoy your stay at the Macao Palace - Filip, Belgium  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bgking
<Content>Relieved and Relaxed My wife and I just returned from the Palace and had a fabulous time. We were both relieved that our experience was vastly different from the folks who wrote the negative reviews regarding the Palace.After 8 days there, we were very relaxed and did not want to leave. The Staff there was wonderful. They were very helpful and always pleasant. I guess I am a little biased here. Having worked as a waiter and bartender I am always sympathetic to service workers. The Dominican is a very poor country and the staff at the Hotels put in long days and recieve minimal wages and have to deal with very difficult people. But despite these conditions the staff was warm attentive and helpful. If they could not help you they found someone who could. There were a few times I saw the staff deal with difficult guests with the utmost professionalism. If put in a similar situation I do not think I would have been as graceful. I am sorry to report that the difficult guests were Americans. The fact that Americans are the minority at the Palace was not a problem for me. This nonsense about rude Europeans I have read on this site is far from what I experienced. Again I am biased. I was stationed in Germany for 3 years in the Army and my wifes company is out of Switzleland where we have traveled a few times. I have found in my experiences that there are good and bad in most nationalities but what alot of Americans do not pick up on is that many Europeans (as well as Americans) find it kind of rude to carry on loud conversations in public areas i.e. pools, lobbies, buses, when there are others present. As far as the food you are not in Kansas anymore. The food was plentiful and varied. I especially enjoyed the theme nights. The Main dinning room was always clean and visually appeallingThe beach was beutiful blueand refreshing. The pool was always clean. There was always plenty of chairs umbrellas or palm trees to sit under. The only dilemma I had was whether to swim in the ocean or pool.The Palace was a great place for couples or families. There seemed to be a more younger crowd at the Bamboo or other Riu's, but I would take the Palace over them all. For the single folks there was plenty of action at the disco everynight. Other resorts had bigger clubs and if you wanted to really have some fun then you could try the local joints, just be prepared :)The only real problem I had was tobacco. If your a cigar smoker don't buy anything on the beach or any of the vendors around the hotel. And if you are a cigar smoker you will understand once you see what is offered. Bogus Cubans ( really amature fakes ). There are a number of outlets that the tours will take you to but in reality you can get the same price in the states for what is offered there. My main complaint was I had to come home. Look if you can't deal with being in a place where the majority of the people don't speak english and you can't be open minded regarding other cultures then go to Disney land.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>name_screen
<Content>Riu Palace Macao great vacation We went to the Riu Palace Dec 8-15 with Apple Vacations out of Chicago O'Hare. We were quite anxious given reviews about illness, drinking the water, etc. We had a great time and completely recommend it, but we were very cautious with our health.Advice tips:1) Drink bottled water at all times. We used bottled water for brushing teeth and my boyfriend for shaving. 2) Bring anti-bacterial lotion and/or wipes. We brought both and used before eating and several times during the day. We also brought anti-bacterial body wash and sponges for the shower. Maybe we were overly cautious, but we didn't get sick.3) Riu Palace has the best food and drinks. We walked by the other Riu hotels, and although they looked nice, Riu Palace was better.4) Try to learn and use some Spanish. It was much appreciated by the staff, and even though we weren't always grammatically correct, we were able to communicate. 5) Bring lots of $1 bills for tips. We brought a stack of $100 singles and used them to tip the staff at the bar, restaurant, maids, etc. The staff was always helpful.6) Bring small bills ($5s and $10s) if you want to buy gifts, rum, coffee, etc.7) Bring an assortment of medications such as aspirin, imodium ad, pepto, bug spray, anti-itch, etc. I got a few bug bites and was grateful for the anti-bug stuff.8) Dress nicely for dinner. Most of the guests are Europeans and jeans  tee-shirts are not appropriate. Nice trousers and a sleeve-shirt for the gentlemen and nice pants and/or skirt for ladies with a top is fine. My boyfriend brought a suit too, but felt it wasn't necessary. I either wore black pants  tops or simple dresses.9) Food to eat: we ate only at the Riu Palace. We avoided any yogurt, mayo or otherwise creamy food. For lunch and dinner, we ate the cooked vegetables, fresh fruit, bread, cheese, rice, beans, chicken, beef and other meats without problems. We tried a few desserts, but honestly preferred the fresh fruit. For breakfast, we had eggs, potatoes, sausages and fresh fruit. Expect a European food spread. At the dinner buffet, it is self-service, but intended as a multi-course meal. Feel free to get your salad/appetizer, main course and follow it with dessert and/or cheese. We usually had a leisurely dinner (1-1.5 hrs) and we were frequently some of the last guests to leave.10) Outback Safari tour is fantastic. All day tour visiting rural Dominican Republic village, school, a home, a ranch for lunch, learn about coffee beans and cocoa, followed by boogie boarding on the beach. Highly recommended and well worth the money.11) Riu Bambu has the best evening entertainment. The Palace showroom was a bit musty with a quiet crowd. The Riu Bambu had a more casual, funny (albeit corny) and upbeat entertainment staff. The entertainment staff will make announcements in 4 languages (Spanish, English, German and French), but most of the entertainment shows were in English.12) Riu Palace was mostly German tourists, with a few other countries thrown in. It has a very European feel. It's a great hotel for couples; the Riu Bambu or Taino seemed better for kids.13) Be prepared to relax and have fun. We played beach volleyball, ping pong, swam in the pool, etc. We brought our own tennis rackets and played a few rounds. The ocean is somewhat choppy and not great for snorkeling, but it's certainly fun to float around.14) Lastly, bring lots of waterproof sunscreen It was sunny, hot and mid-80s every day. The prevailing wind off the ocean makes a nice breeze, but you'll burn if you don't take care of your skin.Relax, have a great time and you'll love it!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abHerts
<Content>excellent sevice but Me and my wife have just returned from the palace, after staying for 7days. This hotel is very impressive and rooms of good quality. Servise is top notch and you are never left waiting for drinks they are onto you constantly. So everthing was going great till the last day, when i became violently sick we had heard of lots of other people going down with sickness, so we made sure we only eat and drunk at the palace. I was so bad i passed out on the plane home, this hotel is spotless what you can see of it, but there is definately a problem somewhere, so be very careful.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MariLand
<Content>A great 4 day trip -- a few advices. Just returned from our FIRST and very short (4 days/3 night) trip to DR. I cannot compare it to any other resorts in DR or anywhere else in the Caribean. I will try to give you some useful advice/information though.We went with Apple vacations. The service is great. The USA3000 flight from Baltimore is very good. It was about 3 hours. Apple reps are everywhere. They meet you at the airport and direct you to the transfer bus. Beware that the ride from the airport to the resort is VERY BUMPY, no matter how well and careful the drivers are. It's about 45 minutes long. The driver tries his best to make it smooth, but the road is not like your interstate at home.ADVICE #1: even though they feed you on the plane, take some food, snaks and water with you. You will need them!Riu Palace Macao is a very nice resort. If you usually travel in the USA, it reminds an average Mariott or Hilton (3 stars). All the rooms are in one building with a central lobby and several elevators. The rooms are big enough and very clean. We had a standard room on a second floor with a garden view (although you could see some ocean thru the palm trees on the side). It had two queen beds pushed together!!!. The room had a mini frige stocked with Pepsi line sodas (Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, 7 up, Tonic, Club Soda, and Presidente beer). In addition you have a liquor dispenser of 4 different kinds of alcohol (Rum, Vodka, Gin, and something else). We did not use it though. Also they provide a 1 galon jug of water.There are several resturants and bars on the property plus in the other RIU resorts -- all accessible by a short walk near the beach or thru the Caribean street.ADVICE #2: Take/buy some snacks if you'd like to eat something in you room. Or talk to the reception staff about the food once you arrive. There is NO food in the room, except for a dinne size plate of TROPICAL fruits. They are fresh and nicely arranged, but DO NOT substitue a meal for you especialy if you just had a long plane and bus ride. You CANNOT take any food out of the restaurant. (When we arrived it was 4pm. The lunch just ended and dinner did not start till 6:30 pm. The only food we had that day was a small breakfast on the plane -- and no snacks.) The same was with our departure: breakfast is till 12 and lunch starts at 1 pm. We had to leave at 12:15pm to catch our 3 pm flight.They serve you drinks everywhere: At the pool, at the bar, at the lobby, at the beach. But they serve food only in the restaurants. You have to get dressed to go into the restaurant to eat.ADVICE #3: Take some T-shirts and shorts or a beach/sundress for ladies to put over your swimsuit to go to the restaurant. You have to be dressed for breakfast and lunch -- no swimsuits or bare feet in the restaurants. (These clothes will also come handy if you need to go and use a restroom.)There are plenty of changind facilities and showers at the beach, but NO RESTROOM at the beach or the pool. There is one restroom at the Carribean gril that is at the beach. (We did not find any other ones.)The food at the buffett is good and plentiful. It is very international. We ate at both the buffett and the ala carte. Carribean gril is very nice and tasty. The stake house is good too (they serve only ribeye though). The taste of most of the food is similar to what we are used to in US, some is very tasty and some is bland. There are NO SAUCES except for the hot sauce and ketchup. NO STEAK SAUCE. The salad dressings are different in taste too. The choice of food at the buffett is pretty much the same every day, except for several items changing and also the theme nights. (We did not have a chance to participate in the theme nights though). The choice of food for lunch and breakfast is slightly different in each place, so try different restaurants if you get bored. We found that in the International restaurant by the pool, the selection was more close to home: they had pizza, hotdogs, french fries, chicken, fish, and pork and different kinds of salads, sides, and deserts.ADVICE #4: Try to keep the open mind regarding the food choice. There is plenty of food to choose from. But there are some items you will not find: No bagles and No cream cheese, No waflfes, No burgers, No fat-free milk, No packaged yougurt, No chocolate, No candy, No usual American snacks: like crackres, potato chips, etc.; No fruit other than tropical (they mostly had water melon, pineapple, bananas, melon, and some other tropical fruits), no apples, no pears, no berries, etc; Not many vegitables except for green tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, cabbage and cooked broccoli.ADVICE #5: Palace surves everything in small cups. So if you'd like to have hot coffee/tea or a bottle of water with you all the time, here is an advice: take some insulated cups with you and pour coffee in them. The same for the water: take some water bottles with you and then refil them from the Galon that you will get in your room or at the bar.ADVICE #6. DO NOT DRINK or bursh your teeths with tap water. It is smelly and not filtered or purified.ADVICE #7: Take Immodium, Pepto Bismal, Tylenol, and other medication and sanitary products with you. They are available at the store, but very expensive. Since the climate and water is very different and there is a veriety of uncommon foods and there is plenty of alcohol and mixed drinks, you will most likely have some stomac adjustments.ADVICE #8: Do not be scared by bad reviews and by the malaria alert. Yes, everyone's view is different. Just be careful and use common sense. Eat and drink in moderation. We have not seen any mosquitoes at the resort. There were a few flies or bugs and lots of butterflies. The resorts are keeping everything clean 24x7 and treating the pool water and spraying for bugs.ADVICE #9: RIU Palace Macao seemed to be more couples oriented resort. They had a few kids there, but most of the facilities and activities including the KIDS CLUB are at the RIU Bambu. So, if you are going with the kids, go to BAMBU. We walked thru all of the RIU resorts there on the property and they all seem to be very nice.ADVICE #10: Keep an open mind and be patient with the language. There are lots of signs in English, Spanish, French and German. Most of the staff speaks or at least understands English. There are a lot of europeans at the resort and the staff tries to be helpful to everyone.ADVICE #11: The electricity is the same as in the USA. But you need an adaptor. You can rent one for a deposit at the reception desk. KEEP YOUR RECEIPTS for everything. To get your money back you will need to provide them with the receipt.ADVICE #12: There is plenty to do at the resort. The animation staff is very nice and frienly. If you'd like you can participate in all of the activities and use the water sports (I have heared that you need to reserve them 1 day in advance), or just relax and enjoy the beach and the pool. I do not know how it feels to be at the resort for 2 weeks, but 4 days is definitely a very short time!!!!ADVICE #13: Do bring lots of $1 bills. Although tips are included, it's a good idea to tip the staff at the resort: the waters, the bell boy, the animation folks. ADVICE #14: Do bring some small presents for staff. They like it and remember it too. We brought some items for the maid and left them for her every morning. We noticed that one time that we did not leave the little something in time (the service was done at the odd time), we did not get the same quality of service.ADVICE #15: Take a small bag or fannypack with you. You will get a room key, a safe key, and towel card. You will need to keep them with you at all times.Enjoy your vacation. Hope that this review helps a bit.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Complete_Travel
<Content>Good overall, but some negatives Stayed at the Riu Palace Oct. 27-31. Checked in at around 12:00 noon and they did have a room for us, although the air did not work, nor the phone. So we went back to the desk and were taken to another room, which overlooked a roof and was very noisy. So they asked if we could wait an hour and they would have a very nice room for us, which they did. Our room overlooked the pool and was very nice. We did have problems with the A/C, but found out that the maid kept leaving the balcony doors open which shuts the A/C off. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful. The resort itself is very nice, and it is nice to be able to visit the other Riu's to use the pool, restaurants, etc. The beach is good also. My husband and I really enjoyed the big waves (one day we spent 2 hours in the water). If you like calmer waters you have to head further south down the beach. The food was good, although the buffet did not change much from night to night. The Caribe Grill in the evening had a beautiful sea breeze flowing through and was a very nice atmosphere, the food was pretty good too. More variety on the buffets would have been nice. I was concerned about getting sick, but found that really there is no problem as long as you don't drink the tap water. They are very careful in the restaurants and bars and use only bottled water and ice made from bottled water. On the down side, we did not like the fact that you could not really comfortably leave the hotel complex. It was somewhat like Jamaica, in that it felt unsafe outside of the hotel complex. On certain days there was a lot of seaweed being churned up in the water. There were only about 20 percent American/Canadians. This meant that all of the shows, games, etc. were mostly in German and Spanish. Sometimes in French as well, but not too much in English. We sort of felt like outsiders. It is impressive though, that the hotel employees all speak German, French and English fluently! The casino is a big rip off! The slots do not pay out like they are supposed to. Even the dealers at the tables need to be watched. My husband thought he saw them deal from the bottom of the deck.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Brian_Amy_2004
<Content>Riu is the best hotel... Just returned Oct 23-30. The Airport is quite different, roof madeof 'hut' material. It was raining so the floor was flooded.The check in at the hotel was nice and quick. No problems with english.The room was beautiful. The balcony was large with 2 rocking chairs. It did smell musty though. We had to air it out. No individual bottles of water in the refrig. Gallon jugs. We bought some down in the gift shop to refill. The food in the buffet was great! No food poisoning or any problems!! We were very afraid of this, but ate everything anyway! Each night had a different theme. Mexican night was the best! Also the Gala buffet was great! The staff were in different costumes each time. They gave out champagne before dinner one night and roses to the women. There were always appetizers in front , before dinner. We also ate at the steak house, which was okay. Fun for a change. We ate at the Caribe grill one night and that was pretty good. Breakfast was the best. We loved it. Ate lunch at the International restaurant and that was good too.The piano bar was nice each evening. The service from everyone everywhere was unbelievable! They always were smiling and did a great job with the language. The knew a little english, french, german and spanish! Can not say enough about the staff!!!! They were the best part of the trip! The Michael Jackson show was wonderful. The only thing was The Boheme smelled very musty. The casino was nice, but sucked our money up...The outdoor Copacobana was closed for the season. We did walk over to the Bamboo to see their show and it was nice open air.The pool was nice, but no swim up bar. I was most dissappointed with the ocean water. It was the worst part of the trip. Nothing like Cancun/Mayan Riviera water. Very rough, not clear at all. Lots of seaweed. Could not snorkel. Too rough to use any of the non-motorized equip. We were upset that you could hardly get in the water without being knocked down. Huge waves!!!We took excursions to Saona Island and Outback Safari and Marinarium. Saona Island was beautiful, but a boring trip. Not much to do other than lay around watching the ocean.The Outback Safari is a must do trip! We loved it!!!! Marinarium was nice for the snorkeling and seeing sharks and rays.We loved everything about the hotel and all the people, but were just very upset about the ocean water. We will definitely stay at another Riu. Probably not this location though.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Hotel But!!!!! Well Just got back from Riu Palace 7/10/04 - 21/10/04...Travelled with 3 kids, 18, 14, 10..I have mixed feelings over this holiday and hotel in the one hand i have to praise it for being such a suberb resort but on the other hand a few negatives..Lets start from when we arrived at the Palace worn out from the flight but really excited to get there finally and we wernt disappointed when we got off the coach, it really is a beautiful looking hotel, smart and clean inside with stunning flower displays and happy smiley staff.We were welcomed by Louis telling us all about the hotel and what a charmer he is lovely guy, got to our room and oh boy what a let down as we had payed extra to have a ocean sea view and all we got was a ground floor one with the view of a mezzane roof top, so off trotted my partner to complain but there was nothing they could do till the next day, so basically threw the case on the bed and went out to explore all i can say is that its a grand looking hotel with beautiful grounds scrummy pool with fountains and mermaids, the beach was soft white sand and topaz seas.The next morning still not unpacked off we went to the welcome party which for once i didnt fall asleep in, grabbed her at the end and she said have to sort it out with louis, so off we trotted determined to sort it out and start to enjoy our holiday and all i can say is........ WOW WOW WOW What a result we had they put us in one of the suites and also put our girls in one next to us as well felt like Royalty very Impressed as the suites are really lovely.All was going great now but that didnt last long as the next day in the evening our 18 yr old complained of feeling sick but we just put it down to too much sun, but it wasnt as she started to be violently sick for what seemed to be for hours on end, i called the doctor out but he sent an ambulance to the hotel just to take us round the corner to see him and within half an hour she was being taken to hospital and hooked up on a drip with all this medicine pumped into this drip, it was horrific to see her this sick im no doctor but this wasnt due to sun more like food poisioning, but no one would admit that, said it was a stomach infection ha my foot was it..anyway they released her the next afternoon with all these antibiotics and it took another 5 days for her to recover, so that put such a dampner on the holiday but thankgod for travel insurance.There were only a few english people at this resort and talking to them a few days later they were all going down with bad tums some worse than others myself and partner included which you do expect when you go to another country but for most of the holiday it kept coming back, so we were really careful what we ate which became very boring in the end and very bland and to be honest couldnt wait to come back home and have some decent food not worrying if we were going to get ill on it, maybe we were just really unlucky!! (Talking to other people on the flight home they had all gone down with it as well at there resort) Hmmmm does make you wonder????Anyway considering it was there rainy season the weather was excellent we had quite a few storms but mostly at night.The staff are wonderful so friendly and they just adore kids and our waiter for the two weeks was Randy and he was such a lovely guy, so was the girls at the bar.The Sea was so warm but very cloudy which was a bit of a bummer as we love to snorkel, but we took kayaks out a few times and what a great laugh that was as the waves were huge so felt like i was on hawai 5 O surfing them and nearly tipping over no calm waters here, i think the other guests thought we were loonies as we were surfing in the waves without a board right upto the beach and boy does that sand get into certain parts lol.The entertainment what i saw of it was okay some of it was cringeable but the Michael Jackson show was brilliant as it gave us a chance to sing along being as its in english.Now for the guests mostly made up of europeans which i suppose we are classed as, i have never encountered the stares that we received i felt like we had two heads half the time or a great wart stuck on our noses it was awful, however much you just walked ahead you could feel all these eyes on you, now i know how a goldfish feels, maybe its the norm for them but we found it really rude and ignorant, one table actually stopped what they were eating to turn around and gawp, we are all confident people but this was unnerving.All in all we did enjoy ourselves and got plenty of sun, fun and rest in a really super hotel with first class service and made some really nice friends as well.Would we go back to this resort, maybe one day if they changed the way they displayed there food as at this present time its all out in the open on cold counters where the flies have easy access to do there business, but for now no way would we return.Hope i havnt put anyone off at the end of the day its what you make it but we just had a bit of bad luck...Heres my email address if there are any other things you want to know about....bootylicious2758@aol.comCheers kate  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katendan
<Content>Great Vacation at the Riu Palace We have just returned from a wonderful week at the Riu Palace Macao (October 11 - October 18.) Hubby  I are in early 50's and this was our 4th trip to the DR. We have stayed previously at the Iberostar Punta Cana, the Iberostar Hacienda La Romana, and at the Fiesta/Palladium Punta Cana. We've also made a couple trips to the Riviera Maya area in Mexico. We had been booked at the Riu Taino, but for unknown reasons were upgraded to the Palace upon arrival. This was the best hotel we have stayed at in Punta Cana, and the service was outstanding.Our trip was booked through Apple Vacations, with a USA3000 flight out of Cincinnati. The flight was on-time and very pleasant, thanks to the friendly flight attendants who seemed determined to get us in a vacation mood. The food was above the usual airline fare, and included mimosas with the breakfast. Hotel check-in was easy  very quick. The room was absolutely spotless, lots of mahogany, with wing chairs and rugs beside the beds. Each room has a balcony with wooden rocking chairs, a table, and a rack for drying swimsuits. There is a mini-bar which is re-stocked with beer and soft drinks every day, plus a liquor dispenser with rum, tequila, vodka  gin (which we never tried.) We were amazed by the beautiful towel and flower arrangements we found in our room most days. Our maid was extremely friendly and always had a happy greeting for us. The evening turn-down service (and straightening of the bath) were a nice bonus. This is a beautiful place; the grounds, pool, and beach were just lovely. A few days there was quite a bit of seaweed washing up on the beach, other days there wasn't. We thought perhaps some of this might have been the aftermath of all the tropical storms this year. But the beaches are some of the nicest we have ever seen. We went parasailing, and found that you can bargain a bit as to the price. This was originally offered to us at $85 for 10 minutes, and we paid $70 for 12 minutes. Don't be afraid to haggle a bit. They also have windsurfing, catamarans, paddleboats, and snorkeling for free through the hotel. The water is warm and wonderful.We spent our mornings at the beach and afternoons at the pool and never had a problem finding a lounger where we wanted it. Eduardo at the beach bar was a very fun bartender; and Luis was very quick to fill drink orders at the pool. The people here work very hard, and we found them to be very eager to please, always friendly and smiling!There are five Riu hotels in the complex, and as a Palace guest you are free to eat and drink at any of them, except for dinner. We did go to all the properties for either drinks or meals, and found them to be very nice, although the buffet selections were definitely better, and more extensive, at the Palace. We had breakfast one morning at the Meleo and found the reataurant to be a little shabby. The Tainu and Bambu properties had very nice, active pool areas with pool bars that were very popular. We ate mostly at the main dining room in the evenings. We did try the steakhouse, which was OK, but the buffet had so many choices that we ended up there most of the time. There was a different theme each night, and always many beef, pork, lamb, chicken, seafood, and fish choices, even lobster one night. Do try to catch the Michael Jackson show one of the evenings that you are here (we saw it once at the Palace, once at the Bambu). VERY entertaining. We actually enjoyed the Bambu show more, as it is open-air (the LaBoheme Lounge at the Palace was pretty smoky). While we were at the Riu, it seemed that Americans were in the minority. We enjoyed visiting with our fellow travelers from Europe, and found the whole complex to be a great place for people-watching! There is a lot of topless sunbathing, especially at the beach. I came home with a determination to learn a bit more Spanish! However, we never had a problem making our desires known to the staff. Their English is certainly MUCH better than our Spanish. We did spend about $100USD in tips during the week that we were there. These people work very hard.We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone considering a Punta Cana vacation. The staff here are the friendliest that we have met, and the most eager to please. Please feel free to email us at sniderd@wcoil.com with any questions you may have.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Screech
<Content>Great, relaxing vacation We just got back from a 2 week honeymoon at the Palace. Overall it was a great trip and we enjoyed it immensely. The Good: The hotel and rooms were clean and beautiful; the food was delicious (buffet is definitely better than the a la cartes); the beach was gorgeous; and the service was excellent.The Not So Good: I had food poisoning one night after eating at the Steakhouse; we had to call the front desk a couple of times about the air conditioning not working but it was always fixed immediately; we were without water one day, but it was fixed by that afternoon.That being said, the good FAR outweighed the bad. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tigress7
<Content>Incredible Vacation My husband, daughter, and I just returned from the Riu Palace, and we loved it. The food was very good (buffet style), and you will surely find something you like (we had lobster one night). The 'two' restaurants you have to reserve (they're in the same place on opposite sides) was really not worth it. We got bit by mosquitoes, and the food was very average. Stay in the buffet!! There is one pool, and one kiddie pool. The beach was pretty disappointing. I went only one time in the ocean...it was dirty with seaweed everywhere; I don't know if it's because of the season or if it's always like that. It was also very wavy. The service is excellent. The staff incredible. The bedroom all mahogany wood everywhere. Beautiful. They will only upgrade you by one level (there are 4 levels). We booked a standard room (#1), and they automatically upgraded us to a #2, but refused to give us any better unless we paid...not even with bribes ($$$), because they could get it a lot of trouble. Great vacation. Look out for the animator 'Juan'...he wears tight red spandex shorts and is very obscene. Watch him do aerobics and get a good laugh.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>perronss_8
<Content>Great hotel Hotel is 5 star, loved it and the staff is wonderful. Good food and drink.The Europeans, who seem to be mostly German and French, come down here and turn up the sneer volume to eleven. I am sharing a hotel with them and they refuse even to look at me. I am a ghost to them, I do not exist. They do not know I am American, and it clearly is not personal. They are treating each other this way, too. But it takes great effort to be so antisocial. I do not understand how these people can be in such a warm and friendly place and go for days in a row without looking their fellow human beings in the eye. They are not a fraction as nice to the shopkeepers as I am. One of the merchants actually complained to me about how rude his previous French customers were. Life is too short - relax and enjoy yourselves, smile once in a while.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Travel Update I am a Travel Agt, recently returned from Punta Cana after experiencing Tropical Storm Jeanne (which became a Hurricane 1 Cat briefly, before downgrading to Tropical Storm). My husband  I arrived Sept 13 to beautiful weather and everything as expected at our hotel, Riu Palace. By Weds the storm had hit and lasted approx 5 hrs. We were perfectly safe as this is a solidly built traditional hotel. Debris, trees and other damage was obvious, but the hotel suffered no severe structural damage. We had power outages, no phones,no TV, and computer down time. The hotel had emergency generator so food, drinks, lights etc. were available fairly soon and the staff did all they could to help. Room service was curtailed (no maid service for 2 days). The most common concern for guests was lack of who is in charge?(hotel management here was somewhat remiss in keeping everyone informed),....and lack of Tour Operator presence. As An Agt I can probably explain that most Tour Ops on duty are local people and very likely could not get in, plus they have to visit and coordinate with several resorts. Also, the roads outside the resort were flooded so no cars or vehicles could arrive safely. However, I am aware this explanation doesn't always help when you don't know what's going on!After the worst of the storm passed (Thurs) we were able to walk the beach and checked out other properties beside the Riu properties - Iberostar Dominicana, Punta Cana and Iberostar Bavaro Suites. -- These properties suffered a lot of debris, broken trees etc and much flooding. Clean up was in progress, but of course it will take some time to get back to normal. The rain doesn't help! Overall comments at the resort were that the Staffs were doing all the could to help guests. But again, lack of Tour Op presence was a concern. Secrets Excellence resort suffered water damage and because of its location, guests were helicoptered out to the airport by Sat because of the flooded roads, for return to the USA. We had a Cleveland destination and were taken by tractor/trailer to the tour buses to dry land, and then bussed to the airport for flts out on Sat 18th Sept. As primitive as this sounds, I have to say that Staff/Tour Ops did what they could to make sure everyone was picked up safely and taken out. It is a point to remember that late Summer to end of November is Hurricane Season in the Caribbean and of course, risky for a vacation albeit a good price! We take our chances! I hope everyone involved this last week returned home safely and trust the situation is an experience learned. The Dom Republic does not have the infrastructure to cope with these situations as in the US. and I hope we give some consideration and appreciation to the people there who did all they could to help.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davector64
<Content>Water problem at first, but overall very nice Before committing to the Riu Palace in Punta Cana, I throughly read through as many Tripadvisor.com reviews on the Palace as I could. The reviews really helped me make a decision, as well as prepare me and make the trip that much more enjoyable. Everything from taking small US dollars, lots of singles for tipping, not expecting certain things we take for granted in the US and knowing how to handle certain situations.A little history to start; my wife and I are a pretty average couple, we're both 40 and have two young children (4  6) who did not go with us to Punta Cana. We don't travel extensively, but when we do we expect certain things based on how much we spend. This particular trip to the Riu Palace was booked through Prestige Travel in the Cincinnati Area for 4 nights with air and the price was well over $1000 (through the Vacation Express service). I booked the trip back in July and we were there Monday Sept 6th through Friday Sept 10th.Due to hurrican Frances the initial flight plan was re-routed through Atlanta but we arrived in Punta Cana only slightly off our scheduled arrival. The Pace airline service was excellent, there's no First Class on the jet, but the service and flight attendents remind me a lot of a Southwestern style airlines... not too frilly, just your basic charter flight with really friendly flight attendents. Once we arrived we immediately noticed the high humidity level, the tempatures for this time of year average in the high 80's. We left Cincinnati at 7:00am and arrived at the Riu Palace by 3:30pm -- Punta Cana is on Eastern time.Once to the Palace we immediately noticed the no windows, no A/C, all open and lots of vegitation all around the lobby and atrium terrace area. Ceiling fans are everywhere so the breeze off the Carribean is always apparent. Our room was very nice (on the top floor) with vaulted ceilings, tile floors and lots of dark wood everywhere. We immediately noticed the King bed was two full size beds pushed together and they were on wheels! This could make for an unusual situation, if you know what I mean! The resort is very clean, as mentioned in numerous other reviews, and the grounds are manicured daily. Even though it was hot and humid, it didn't appear to be an issue down near the beach or pool area. There were NOT a lot of bugs, typical to the Midwest States.We did have several problems with no water on the first day and no hot water the second day. A large portion of the water problem was due to the fact that we were on the top floor and the water pressure is very week up there... it even effects the efficiency of the toilet flushing everytime... yuck!! By the the end of the second day though, everything was good.As mentioned in other reviews, the food selection is very Meditereanian... which I thought was fine. I mean who wants to go to an International resort and have your standard US style food. I must say though, there's several dishes and desserts that don't have much flavor. One night we eat at the Caribe Restaurant out near the beach and it was simple magical... cool breeze blowing in off the Carribean and the service was excellent!The beach and pool areas are incrediable, tons of room and lounge chairs/recliners. It's funny, people would pull their recliners under palm trees or these really big bushes and fall a sleep for hours at a time... not sun, just shade! Unfortunately the beach bars are not so good, we had several drinks made from there and they were too strong or watered down. On their behalf I must say, they don't have a lot of resources to make good drinks in their little grass huts. The place to get really good drinks at the Palace is the Main Bar in the lobby area.... the Pina Coladas are excellent!If you're from the US, your only about 10% of the Riu Palace clientele, at least while we were down there. In the US schools had just started back up from the summer break and the vacation season pretty much had ended over Labor Day weekend, which is when we left.A WORD OF CAUTION, when out on a spending spree for souvenirs, keep an eye on the Peso to US dollar conversion (it's posted at the front desk). The water sport excursions and the shops on Carribean Street convert at different ratios, we weren't sure why this was the case... possible to cover a tax or a surcharge for using a credit card. I would recommend using US cash were possible. Avoid a credit card charge because they convert it to Peso's and you don't know what you really spent in US dollars until you get your card statement.... scary!To wrap up, I must say that we had a really good time! Heck, they even decorated our room on my wife's Birthday with balloons, flowers and even a bottle of champagne on ice!! Keep in mind, you are in another country and not everything runs like clock work (we take this for granted in the states) and just try to relax and not get too up-tight about the little things... ENJOY!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunDays
<Content>Could not ask for more...       Markets on the beach  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it! My boyfriend and I just returned after spending 10 days at this hotel. We had a wonderful time and loved the hotel! The staff was polite, helpful and friendly. Although we tipped for everything nobody expected it and they were appreciative for every tip we gave. The food was really good for an all-inclusive. Lunch and breakfast were basically the same everyday but how much can you really change these up? I did have minor stomach problems but nothing that some Pepto didn't cure. The pool was clean and did not have too many children, unlike some of the neighboring pools. Not that we don't like kids but the pool at the palace was a relaxing place to read and chill. The beach is a minute walk from the hotel and the staff was happy to help find chairs or move them if asked. This hotel had a really nice mix of people, although mostly from Europe (Germany, France, and Spain). It was a really pleasant and peaceful place to spend our vacation and we're so happy we went.While we may not go back because there are millions of other places we want to visit, we would definitely recommend it to our friends or family.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Place Macao..Yuck!!!!! May-1-2004 My husband and I went with relaxing and good food in mind May 4th was my husbands birthday so a trip felt like a great idea...Sure..Welcome to the HOTEL FROM HELL!! As far as the Hotel, it was awful..The APPLE Rating needs to be a minus five. What a total Joke... Very unfriendly Staff.We tried to tip everyone to get better service which was awful.. this proved some what costly and to No Avail...We could not even get room service two out of our 7 days. Short Staffed!!! Towels were a joke always short. Diet Coke was impossible to have stocked extra in our mini bar. We have travel to several different areas and this has been the worst we wrote Apple and never heard anything back..They are Years away from TRAVEL SERVICE. Even with free drinks this place is still ROUGH at best...YOU cannot drink enough to make the bad appear good.We sucked it up and made the Best of it. However, it was not an enjoyable vacation...WE WOULD NOT GO BACK!Food was bad! Every night almost the same menu. I was very sick the last night and for 1 week upon my return home... the 1000 milligram antibiotics did clear me up after a week. My husband did much better health wise. However, he lost 5 lbs on vacation due to his eating so little.I think you should stay some where other than the RIU Palace. Maybe the lack of guest would change things. Also the empty rooms could help with the staff being able to make the much needed repairs to the guest rooms... our King size bed was two fulls size beds pushed together with the split down the middle. Bathroon had leaks in the sink, chips in the tile and a broken toilet..! The list goes on and on. Maybe try the. Mexican Rivera Maya, The Iberostar. We Loved That!! Happy Travels..RIU Place just needs Norman Bates to give you a total thrill.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Dave007London
<Content>Fantastic Wow................. This hotel is fabulous. From the moment to check in, sitting down in the bar with a fruit punch until you check out everything is brilliant. The rooms, we had a suite are spotless and very comfortable with cable TV and marble bathrooms. The beach is breathtaking. Very long with white sand and crystal clear water loads of sunbeds and not busy at all.Food is wonderful, if you go hungry here its your own fault. There is a waiter service around the pool and terrace and they are friendly quick and there is always someone around.Everything about this hotel was beyond our expectations.Only one thing bothered us. Each end of the beach there are beach huts selling general souvenier items and also there is a Caribbean street on the hotel. They were all extremely overpriced and the vendors couldn't add up. I got the impression that the Punta Canians were money grabbing . This also extended to the airport where many people were charged excess baggage $100 most of them. This was for nothing as the reps got all the money back but they seriously tried it on.But the hotel did not even accept tips and they were excellent.Go and enjoy............................  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Getaway My wife and I just returned from RIU Palace yesterday, and have to say that any negative reviews that we had read before the trip proved unfounded. The hotel was immaculate and the room we had was perfect. Upon arrival, I asked the desk clerk Raemundo, if we could upgrade from standard, and he placed us into a wonderful room overlooking the pool with a beach view. The veranda was great with the rocking chairs and the lounges, and the breeze was refreshing at night.The staff here is the most cordial we have encountered in quite some time, and we have traveled over the world for the last 20 years.The minibar was completely restocked promptly and the liquor dispensor was an added treat. The room was kept perfectly clean and extra towels was never a problem. Noise was non-existant.The main buffet was very nicely populated with any kind of food that you might desire. Breakfast would suit all tastes, and the dinner buffet was awsome.We lunched at the Caribe grill mostly, and the breeze coming off the ocean was a nice friend. The food there was the same each day, but the selections were varied enough to be fine. Lunch in the Mediterrean grill was equivalent, with the wonderful addition of pizza that was mouth pleasing.The Mediterrean grill ala-carte dinner was good(the lamb, in particular) but the humidity and the lack of breeze was a bit much. I suggest sticking to the Caribe, if you can get it, or the main buffet, for dinner.The drinks flowed freely, and never was there any extensive wait for service, we always got what we requested and usually 2 at a time.The casino is typical Caribbean, small and mostly slots. Keep your eyes on the card dealers, they sometimes get confused and in a hurry.The pool area was very nice and the water was a good temperature. Deck chairs seem to free up in the middle of the day when people either move to the beach or head for a snack. We did the beach in the mornings and the pool afternoons, and that worked fine.Caribbean Street is a nice touch, but we didn't spend much money there,,,we were here mainly to relax and just chill out.There is no pressure form the activities staff to do anything, and that is very nice.Now, for the best part! The beach is one of the nicest and best kept we have ever seen,,,,including Hawaii!The water was perfect and the lazy waves were great for floating on a blow-up raft. Lots of beach lounges, but you need to get there early to be assured of a spot under your favorite palm tree. Juan, at the beach bar, was friendly and would fix you up with anything he had at his disposal. We carried large drink thermos' and he would gladly fill them with ice and drink.The beach massage is something that I would heartily recommend, and it is really inexpensive.The single admonition is he same you will get from anyone,,,DO NOT DRINK FROM THE TAP!...we adhered to this policy and neither of us had any gastro problems.Besides, there is a gallon of fresh water in the minibar that is ice cold and refreshed upon request.We US folks were largely outnumbered, but that was fine, as we met a lot of interesting people from different parts: Spain, Portugal, Holland, England, Canada, France, Italy and Germany.Lastly, I DO tip,,,,and I freely do so for good service. you can tell when you hand a waiter a dollar or two that it is unexpected, but believe me, he(she) will watch for you and cater to your every need. Take lots of singles, they come in handy.We highly recommend the RUI Palace and it's sister resorts.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Teriffic!!! We stayed at the Riu Palace Macao recently and just as we had hoped, everything was excellent. Not a place to get wild and crazy but very clean, relaxing and fun. Weather was supposed to be overcast with chances of showers everyday, but it rained only one of the 10 days we were there. The weather otherwise was a perfect 75-85 degrees and sunny. The staff was rediculously nice and the nightlife was interesting. Great place to go if you want to read, relax, catch perfect weather, beaches and water activities. Gotta do the Outback tour, lots of Rum and sun...boogie boarding was a blast too. We also did the catamaran trip which was a perfect day of fun and sun. We are in our early thirties and enjoyed every part of the trip. Never got sick of or from the food, lots to choose from. We will be going back in the next few years again for sure.Only thing to watch out for is the cheapie cheapie guys on the beach and at the markets. Good sales people that will talk you into everything. Make sure to negotiate with them if you really want something. They will take whatever you will give them.Have fun and don't worry about the topless beaches if this is not your thing...you'll be too busy enjoying yourself to worry about these people.I give it a 10+ for a great vacation spot.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel Myself and my boyfriend have just returned from two weeks at this excellent hotel-the whole place is fabulous, the public areas and bars are spotlessly clean and the staff at the hotel cannot do enough for you. The beach is the best I have ever seen and has a lovely breeze but be careful because you do not realise how strong the sun is until it is too late!! There are three speciality restaurants as well as the main buffet restaurant which had a good choice each night-we tried the mediterranean and the steak house but weren't too impressed which was a shame. The entertainment staff did their best to keep everybody amused if you like aerobics and salsa you will be well away! Our thomson rep lisa was okay but the excusions were overpriced.We were one of only four english couples in the hotel which was mostly americans, german and french and it was quite difficult on some occasions to be understand as the staff knew very little english-this is fine as we don't go to foreign country and expect to be spoken to in english-they also seem to appreciate you putting in some effort with the language!We left tips for the lady that cleaned out room and the mini bar man-also our waiter in the main restaurant but I got the impression that none of this was expected-even though I heard that most of the staff earn around 95 dollars a month!!On the whole a great holiday and a lot quieter than the Riu Bambu which on the few occasions we visited seemed very crowded and noisy- unfortunately there was one down side-stomach trouble, I was ill for three days and so was my boyfriend- I think it was the getting used to the different foods as we could not fault the cleanliness of the place-just take peptobismol and you should be fine..  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay but careful with food...... My husband and I spent 5 days at the Riu Palace we returned on July 1st. It was our first time in the Dominican Republic. The facilities are comfortable, beautiful and very clean. We loved the included minibar! The beach is spacious and beautiful and the water is warm and clear. The staff is very helpful and friendly. But my husband got really sick on our last night there. I also felt sick but was not as sick as my huband. We did not drink the water but have to admit that my husband probably tried almost everthing on the bufett so I really don't know if he just got sick beacuse he overate. Overall we loved the facilities, pool, ocean, shops! We recommend the sunset cruise for adults....even though the boat is small and not fancy it is lots of fun and a good chance of seeing the area and other hotels from the boat, swimming, snorkling and meeting people.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful hotel but..... Just returned from a week's stay at Riu Palace Macao. We were two families totalling eleven people. We found the hotel to have beautiful accomodations, an attentive and friendly staff and a beautiful beach. The buffet was the best place for meals as the specialty restaurants were mediocre. The last nite there was the gala buffet with lobster, caviar and smoked salmon. There was one major problem, eight of the eleven were sick at one point or another. Even though we were diligent in watching the water, the fruit and the salads, we came down with the stomach illness. In fact, I still have it as it seems to linger! This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic and even though the weather was picture perfect and the people very kind, I doubt we will return because of the illness. If you are adventurous or have a strong stomach, this hotel is the best choice for you.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>berrycm
<Content>paradise We spent a week at the Palace back in April and we had a fabulous time. Hotel is gorgeous. Rooms are spotless and staff are wondeful - very friendly and go out of their way to make you welcome and comfortable. They work so hard though so we did tip alot. However you do not have to tip everytime -we tended to give all our tips towards the end of the week. We thought the food was great too. Don't really understand how people could complain about this.They cater for everyones taste with a wide variety and everything is so fresh. They also have several restaurants to choose from. We made our dinner reservations every morning with Santa. She looked after us really well. One of my favourite restaurants was right on the beach and is exclusive to the Palace guests. Here, there was nothing more relaxing than sitting with a glass of wine and looking out over the ocean. Adan was our waiter here more often than not and did a super job of looking after us too. I recommend the massages on the beach - I got 3 hours worth for $130. Overall I had a great time and I am dying to go back. It was a most relaxing week.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It!! Went up there for a 4 day weekend. From the first moment we arrived the people were so helpful and accomidating. We had the best time ever. Did not want to leave. Met alot of people from other countries, they had nothing bad to say about the Palace. Everyone was having the time of their lives. Can't wait to go back. White sandy beaches and the bluest water I've ever seen. Loved every minute of it.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutly awesome!!!! The Palace is absolutely wonderful. Great people, beatiful beaches and excellent service. I have been there three times in 12 months and can't wait to go back again! I am pretty picky about service but I've been very impressed with the Palace. The people are genuine, frienly and will go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and happy. You can also hang out in the other RIU hotels (total of three more-right next to the palace) for a livelier party- but for a fun, relaxing vacation where you can feel like a queen/king- check out the palace!!!!  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not that great My family and I were at the Riu Palace Macau from April 13-16, 2004. It's OK, but definitely not anything special. Our room wasn't ready until 6:30pm when we checked in. The food was much too greasy and they should cover the food so flies don't sit on it. You can find better quality food at any salad bar in a deli. It has nothing to do with local tastes, we are originally from the Dominican Republic. The pool is small and the beach is just OK. Punta Cana has become way too commercialized. If you're looking for a secluded beach, you won't find it there. Also, we had specifically asked if there was a Kids' Club with entertainment for children. Their kid's club consists of a small area where YOU are expected to be with your child. Therefore, we spent our vacation babysitting. Definately not worth going.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at The Palace! We just got back from a four day trip to the Palace. My husbuand took me for my birthday. The Palace is a beautiful resort on a beautiful island. It is clean, the staff is very friendly and always has the patron of the resort in mind. They want you to have fun. We never saw anyone with an attitude about anything the entire time. The drinks were good, food was o.k. Not like the states but remember where you are. I think they do the best they can. The beach was awesome, the pools were fun. The clientile is mainly European. I must say there were a few obnoxious people on the beach. For the most part the Palace is a quiet resort. If you want to pick things up a little just go next door. The choice is yours. Like anything, you make it what you want it to be. If you don't have a good time here I think it is your own fault! When we first arrived we were in our room within 1/2 hour. After about 5 hours the front desk informed us that we were in a lower priced room than what we paid for and wanted to upgrade us. We declined because we were already settled in our room. They sent a bottle of champagne on ice the first night and a gift from the gift shop. The hotel manager told my husband he wanted to make sure we were satisfied because it is important to them that we were. He assured the manager we were fine and the choice not to move was ours. How much time do you spend in your room? The next night, another bottle of champagne! We will definitely go back again!  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cruzr4ever
<Content>First Class Resort My husband and I took a quick trip (4 nights) sans kids to the Palace. We read every review prior to going. I can't substantiate any of the complaints we read , maybe it was simply the spring break timing. We were there May 10-14th. The Palace was spotless, the grounds beautiful, our room was upgraded to a beautiful suite with a huge balcony complete with rockers, the service was excellent, and the staff was charming. If you could mutter a few words of spanish, it would be to your advantage!! This was our second trip to Punta Cana, so we knew the European factor was going to be there. The German and French tourists are cold, arrogant, and would prefer to look the other way rather than say Hello. Watch the buffet lines, they don't understand the word line. To them it means jump in anywhere (in front of you) to get what they want. They don't want to wait for you, but you can wait for them!! (the food was fine, no illnesses to report and the selection was plentiful)The clientele was most definitely older, but this was fine as we are in our mid 40's, and don't look for the party places. There were people in their 70's, and a few 80's. Bottom line: the Palace is beautiful, and if we ever went back to the DR, we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. Some reviewers left a hint about taking the singles, and small bills. Best advice yet. Small tips really make a difference to these people. It really made my day to give them a tip. I don't think it happens often.  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blacktie
<Content>I'm going back! The Riu Palace was great. My wife and I who are both in our early 30's went for a 3 night long weekend. What we found was friendly people both guests and staff, good food-not fantastic but very good, cold drinks, plenty of sun, plenty of activities, awsome beach, nice pool, beutiful grounds and rooms. I really believe that anyone can find a reason to complain, but we found nothing to complain about the entire trip. Now if your looking for a wild party then go to Cancun. If you just want to have a relaxing vacation where everything is at your fingertips Putna Cana is for you. We spent most of our days at the Riu Bambu. They had activities geared toward a slightly younger crowd and a great swim-up bar. We met several nice couples from all over the US, Canada, France, and Germany. The bottom line is this is a classy resort for people who want a great vacation. If you want an Ultra Luxury place go to a Ritz Carlton or a Sea Island. If you want to party hard go to Panama City or Cancun, but if you want a great vacation with some class the Riu Palace Macao is for you.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Are you kidding me? We arrived at the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana the first week of January 2004 expecting a six Apple all-inclusive experience. What a sick joke!Everything was terrible and this is not an exaggeration. We have travelled to many all-inclusives and always try to stay at the highest rated. This resort did not live up to any past experiences we've had. The check in process took over an hour and a half. We were herded with other vacationers and told to wait until enough people were gathered for a presentation. We were given very uncomfortable wristbands and told we had to wear them at all times. After check-in, we were given our room number. No one took us or our luggage to our room. We were left on our own to find it. The room was adequate. The bed was extremely uncomfortable. The staff was very unfriendly and unaccomodating. Dining was limited to specific times. You had to dine at the same time and table every night. The pool was cold. The beach was extremely crowded due to the fact that it is shared with the other Riu resorts. The bars were inadequately supplied. Service was very slow. If you weren't ready to order, they ignored you. One bartender was playing cards and it was very difficult to get her attention. At 7 pm, we were turned away from two restraurants and told it was not time for us to dine even though both restaurants were open with many empty tables. There are alot of rules at this resort. Vacation is not the time you want to be told when to dine.The food quality was average to below average. Selections catered to a European taste which occupied more than 90% of the resort while we were there. After one day at this resort, we were so unhappy that we called Apple Vacations and put in for a transfer. They accomodated our request and we were transferred to a beautiful resort with fantastic food service, surroundings, and no pesky rules. This resort was Secrets Excellence Punta Cana. We strongly do not recommend the Riu Palace Macao.  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Palace Macao tips for travelers We just got back from spending 7 days at the Riu Palace with my wife and two boys ages 15 and 17.This was a very enjoyable and relaxing vacation. I wish I had read some reviews before I went to get some inside info so that we could better enjoy our stay. My purpose in writing this is not to sensationalize or be critical, but to give some advice.First, carry small denomination currency for tipping. You don't need to tip a lot but I never had enough singles ($1) or fives($5). The front desk has an extremely difficult time making change, they just do not have american dollars and you and the staff don't want DR pesos. Secondly, bring your own reading material, magazines and books. The gift shop has German and Spanish magazines and papers but very limited English. If you like to bring coffee back to your room in the morning, bring your own coffee travel mug. It beats walking back up to your room with tea cups. We did the little speed boats with the snorkeling and it was great especially for my kids. Lastly, request a room facing the pool/ocean. We were in the back NW corner and heard garbage trucks every morning at 6:30am and again at 1:00am in the morning.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZeeViewTennis
<Content>Can't Wait To Go Back!! Let me first state that I have studied Tripadvisor.com for the past 6 months, so I was ready to go with everything I needed, from the 1.00 bills for tipping to my insulated mug which is a must because these mugs really do keep your drink or water cold!! What can I say? This place was heaven. Flew out of JFK in NYC on time (7:30 a.m ugh!) and arrived on time in Punta Cana at that adorable airport! Transportation is down to a science with the tour buses, so getting to the hotel was no problem. Arrived at the hotel and was greeted with a cool drink and check-in went very smoothly. Basically, everthing from the fantastic Breakfast Buffets to the staff to the outstanding Dinner Buffets was absolutely so wonderful that even my husband, who is very hard to please, loved it as well. The hotel had quite a bit of europeans, especially Germans, French - I met people from Switzerland and Belgium and they all stay for 2 weeks at a clip since it take them 10 hours by plane! I must say that the europeans I met were very nice. They lend kind of a classiness to the hotel and consequently, it was a quiet place to enjoy the pool and the wonderful beach. I was booked at the Paradisus and changed to the Riu Palace after having explored Riu.com and after reading all the very positive reviews on the Riu properties. The one thing I loved about our beach was the shady area on either side of the walkway to the beach with lounge chairs and then all the palm trees on the beach at the Rius. We took a 10 minute cab ride to the Paradisus - this is a beautiful property, I must say, but when we saw the beach, the first thing my husband and I said was Where are the palm trees? So, if you want shade on the beach, you can forget the Paradisus. I must warn you parents about one thing - the Parasailing. My 14 year old daughter wanted to go which is fine. The water sports complex is on the beach and I thought that they went Parasailing off our beach but the speed boat picks you up and takes you far away. Parasailing was supposed to be for 10 minutes. My husband and daughter were gone for 2 hours! Finally, the 3rd guy I spoke to asking where they were told me that the speed boat picks up other people at other hotels and then they take the people Parasailing to another spot - no one ever said anything to me or my husband! Could you imagine us letting our beautiful 14 year old daughter go by herself in a speed boat with this strange man and be gone for 2 hours or more? My law enforcement husband would be ready to kill somebody! How frantic we would have been. So parents, please, don't let your kids go by themselves. I can't think of anything negative to say - the people were wonderful and all spoke English - the food was great and such a variety and so much to choose from!! I did bring my tennis racket but the courts are not in good shape, so I only played once. If you want a relaxed, laid-back, classy joint, this place is for you - you can walk to the other Rius which are jumpin, but nothing beats a nap on the beach under a shady palm tree at the Riu Palace Macao. I can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect relaxing vacation destination! I read many of the reviews before our trip, and feel like I was at a different resort than those with all the problems. We had a wonderful relaxing vacation. We're in our mid thirties, and just wanted to get away with no plans. This is perfect. (If you're looking for a place for kids, or for exciting places to see and visit, this is not for you.) They did have activities throughout the day to take advantage of like beach volleyball, a work out area, dancing, aerobics, and ongoing nightly festivities surrounding the dinner. (Mexican night, Caribbean night, bar-b-q at the pool, etc.) The è„— entertainment/showsè„— were not worth going to, but I expected that. We went to the disco one night, and the casino another, and took some long walks along the beach. The people who worked there were FANTASTIC! So upbeat, always friendly and helpful with every request. (And I consider myself pretty demanding) The tips that were most helpful included: bring plenty of singles so you can tip those that are most appreciated easily. Bring an insulated mug or larger to hold drinks colder longer. We used it for water with limes every day and were off at the beach. We brought 3 bottles of wine since we had heard the ones there werenè„— t so great, and it was great idea. If we didnè„— t finish it one night, they offered to hold it for us until the next night. Bring a clock for the room so you can see the time, and leave the rafts at home. It was no problem getting a chair by the pool or the beach. We were nervous with the weather forecast since it called for rain everyday, but rain is not like the US, it showers for about 5 minutes, and then passes and sunny like nothing ever happened. In seven days, we only had 1 totally cloudy day. (We were there March 24-31) It was great to use the Jacuzzi and they made sure that only this hotel's guests were there so we didn't feel crowded. (There were some people in it from the neighbor hotels and they nicely explained to them it was for Riu palace guests only) They told us that they were at about 85% capacity- so we had no problem with crowds. We did try the Caribe grill for dinner, cool place to go, but service not up to par with the El Patio buffet. (Plus you donè„— t get all the choices) We had a late breakfast and skipped lunch (which was usually leftovers from dinner the night before plus pizza) the food was ok- but nothing to rave about, especially after 7 days, but no complaints, lots of variety, so there was always something worth trying. The guests treated us fine (as Americans) but when you would get larger crowds of loud people, it was annoying and those tended to be Americans, so I would suggest going to one of the neighbor properties if youè„— re looking for a livelier atmosphere. I think if you go there with the right attitude, you wonè„— t be disappointed. It probably helped to be able to speak Spanish, though, not a necessity. They were constantly cleaning the facilities and the beach to keep everything clean. They did have Internet facilities ($3 for every 20 minutes) if you want to stay in touch with people from home. We were on an Apple vacation and the apple reps were very friendly and helpful. A 5 or 6 day trip would have been perfect for this kind of trip and we would go back with no hesitation if we wanted this kind of relaxing vacation again some day. As for the drinks, you need to order a è„— frozenè„— pina colada, or daiquiri, or you just get the pre-made mix which isnè„— t so good. And ask for it with extra alcohol or it doesnè„— t taste like much. (We didnè„— t realize this until near the end) Only one beer to choose from, but this seems the norm at other resorts also. You need to order from the bars that have blenders versus the one near the beach which just had the pre-made drinks and beer available. Enjoy the beautiful beaches and palm trees! Hope these tips help you enjoy your vacation as much as we did ours!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RIU Rip-Off Follow-up to my February 24 review entitled Pathetic Palace: I submitted a fully documented refund request to Apple Vacations (through my travel agent) regarding the mess we encountered on our trip. We paid for the Palace, but upon arrival, were sent over to the Naiboa for the night. Two days of our four day trip were wasted shuffling back and forth and trying to get answers to our questions about how this happened. RIU blamed Apple and Apple blamed RIU. It has been over a month and I have not even been acknowledged. RIU promised a refund -through Apple. My research leads me to believe that Apple owns some of the resorts. Makes me wonder if their bait and switch tactics are noticed by others. If you encountered the same treatment, I encourage you to keep posting messages and demand answers.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Palace We were in Punta Cana at the Rui Palace in February. We had to share our room with some of the people we arrived with. They had over booked rooms and we had a number of friends who had to double up. The food was acceptable. You did have a large variety of things to pick from. The staff was wonderful. The weather was beautiful and so were the grounds. Some of the guests were not very friendly. I did not feel that Americans were welcome there. (Not by the staff but by other quests.) I know that some of the guest did complain about some of the Americans behavior but not every American behaved that way. Please don't lump us together. Would I go there again? I would go to Punta Cana again but not at this resort. The room thing was a bit much.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Palace Macao was Awesome! We stayed at the Riu Palace Macao from March 10 - 17th and loved it. The staff was extremely attentive - they would call us from time to time to see if everything was okay. The room was beautiful, although in our room in particular, they need to replace the bathtub. The grounds were gorgeous; lots of palm trees and greenery. The pools were nice; the pool at the Palace was rather quiet, so sometimes we would go to the pool at the Bambu or the Taino, where they had a swim-up bar and more happening.The food was out of this world! We could not believe the variety of food coming out of one restaurant (which was the El Patio). We mostly ate dinner there (buffet), but we tried the Steakhouse and the Caribe restaurants and were totally satisfied too. They had a great variety of meats (fresh turkey, grilled pork chops which were to die for, and grilled fish which was very delicious). My husband who's a big coffee drinker loved the coffee and the hot milk. The drinks were pretty good for the most part but had a few that didn't taste too good (Bloody Marys). We loved the Presidente beer - if I remember correctly, it was 6% alcohol.The weather was great - it rained a few times but only for a few minutes at a time. The beach was BY FAR the most beautiful we have ever seen! I loved the shopping on Caribbean Street, and they have a big party there every Thursday - it was a blast!We took a speedboat tour which we did not like. You get to drive your own boat but the water was way too rough and we were trying to keep up with everybody and got pelted so badly with salt water our eyes were burning and we could not see. We would not take this tour again.The casino was small but nice ? I put $10 in the video poker machine and came out $15 ahead :-)I must also say that we spent a week at the Moon Palace in Riviera Maya 3 years ago. We had a much better time at the Riu. Everything was better from the food to the service to the beach.Also, although we as Americans were the minority, we really found it interesting to be around the Europeans.Would we go back? Absolutely. It was well worth the money!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>midon1
<Content>top shelf resort Our vacation was from 3/11 to 3/18 Check in at hotel quick. Room very large. Service excellent,pool, grounds beautiful. Topless women on beach not at pool. Food very good, fresh, wide variety for all kinds of diet or health restrictions which was very very helpful. Crowd German,American,French. Older crowd. There are no orginized activitys for small children at this hotel. Casino about 40 slots. Table games Blackjack,3 card poker,let it ride thats it. Casino never crowed Side trips Bavaro splash speed boats lots of fun and safe, Plenty of help if needed. Saona Catamaran waste of time and money Pushy vendors on island.Broken chairs,food dry and limited selection.Beach awful lots of rocks in swimming area.Awful  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WindsorSweetie
<Content>Great Resort, Great Time, Want to Go Back !! We spent our Honeymoon at the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana from February 10th - 24th, 2004. After reading some of the reviews before leaving, we were a little hesitant, but had already booked. From the minute we landed in Punta Cana we were treated like royalty. We were driving to the Palace in a luxury bus and greated by Victor Welcome Home as we entered the lobby. We were served a drink while we waited about 10 minutes for our room. Our room was spacious and well appointed and had every luxury we could ask for. It was clean and fresh. As we walked through the property, we were amazed at the cleanliness and friendliness of all staff. Our meals were more than wonderful, as there was every type of food you could imagine and then some. We had no problem with our lack of speaking Spanish and we tipped the maid a few dollars every day. They are most appreciative as they don't make very much money. We had the 8:30 p.m. sitting for dinner and got to know our waiter and tipped him the same every night. You would have thought he had won the lottery. Because staying at the Palace, you can visit all other Riu's near by, we checked them all out and ate lunch at a few, but never found the food to be the quality of the Palace. The other resorts were more geared to partying, so if you just want to veg out and relax (especially on a honeymoon), the Palace is the place. We did not have any problem with any gastrointestinal problems and they put fresh bottled water in our room on a daily basis. Nothing we ate or drank bothered us. Approximately a 15 minute walk in either direction from the Palace is a market place with items for sale. We found that we did quite well with bartering for the items that interested us. and found that the one to the left (if you face the water) was better organized and had more friendly owners. Claudia was our representative from Sunquest and she was amazing and helpful. We didn't do any side trips, but there was lots if you wanted. All in all it surpassed our wildest dreams and we would highly recommend it to anyone who wants a little luxury in your life. We want to go back as soon as possible, even wanted to stay on the plane and return the same day, but of course that wasn't possible (haha). Enjoy !!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pbm77
<Content>very nice I am a travel agent from WI. 16 of us went to the Riu Palace from March 5-12, 2004. We had a great time and the resort was very nice. I will not go into too many details as others have already done that previously. I will say however that some Europeans who stayed there were very uptight. Apparently, they don't know how to have fun over there. We laughed and joked and I guess we were a little too loud for some of them as they complained about us. We were asked to quiet down a couple of times. After they went to bed we found the same people who asked us to quiet down were partying with us later. They said Europeans do not smile and laugh. Americano's loco. We are fun. So if you are a loud and fun group stay next door at either the Bambu or Taino. We liked it here because hardly any kids. Whoever coined the phraseUgly American's was probably from Europe. We are the only ones that tipped, thanked the staff continuously and were polite. Don't ever ever be ashamed of where you come from.One thing you should know they don't really tell you is, they have a on/off switch when you first come into your room. This shuts off everything in your room That means your air is off and the refrigerator defrosts every day. One other problem was, they will do everything in their power to not give you US dollars back. They wanted a deposit for an iron and we gave them a US travelers check. When we left they gave it back to us in peso's. We were leaving the country and did not want pesos. We had to argue to get it back in US dollars. It was only 10.00 lousy dollars.They do have premium brand alcohol too. The were pouring Stolie's Vodka, Beefeaters gin, Johnny Walker Red, Jack Daniels etc. They didn't have good brandy for you WI. people though. Rum was Dominican too.We did the outback safari(75.00) which was pretty fun and 1/2 day catamarin/glass bottom boat and swim with rays and sharks tour(70.00) and was fun too. Not too long. It would have been nicer to snorkel a little longer but it was fine.Dominican people are very happy people. Friendly, fun, and pretty educated. English is not the first language and there are some barriers but it works out. I would go back here in a heartbeat. Email I will try to answer any questions you may have.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Property - A Great Experience My husband and 16 month old daughter and I just returned from Punta Cana, having stayed at the Riu Palace Macao. We would be categorized as very seasoned travellers, having stayed at beautiful resorts worldwide, and RIU did not disappoint. The property is beautiful - anyone squeemish about being sick over the food or seeing bugs etc need not worry here - it is clean, efficient, and well kept. The rooms were spotless - we stayed in a suite for the added space and we had an enormous room with two full balconies, and more space than we ever needed. The food is abundant - every type of meat (from lamb to beef to veal to chicken etc) to sushi and all forms of fish, pastas, pizzas, an enormous salad bar, the list goes on and on. The pool area is gorgeous, and of course there is the beach - it is pure white sand and the water is gentle and warm - we swam in it every day!! There is also an outdoor massage canopy where you can have an open air massage, which I did and it was wonderful! Our experience was quite perfect, and we have extremely high expectations. With this property all our expectations were met, and we plan to return.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Irwin08
<Content>Great place to relax We stayed at the RIU Palace Macao March 6-13 and had a very relaxing experience. The beach was very nice and the hotel staff was very friendly. I looked at the comments on this website before we left and had mixed feelings about going. I called our travel agent to ensure Apple had reserved a room for us--which, of course, they had. In fact, we had no problems whatsoever at check-in or check-out. The reviewer from Detroit, MI (we must have crossed paths at the hotel) pretty much said it all, so it doesn't bear repeating ad nauseam. However, of particular note, and worth repeating, is that the nightly entertainment was not very good--almost non-existent, even though the hotel staff really worked hard to put on a good show--you've got to remember this is not Las Vegas! With respect to tipping--we did tip the maid $2 every day and the wait-staff/bartenders--not too much, just enough to let them know we appreciated their attentiveness. We went on a snorkeling trip and it was just OK--the seas were a bit choppy that day. The table wine from Italy was just barely drinkable--I now know why they export it as the Italians probably would not drink it. The beer, however--Presidente--was surprising bueno--tasted a bit like Heiniken. Aside from the wine and entertainment it was a relaxing vacation. As mentioned previously, this is an older crowed--we (six of us) are mid to late 50's. There were plenty of youngsters (30-ish), some with kids, even though we did not see many. In fact, most of the children we saw were staying at the neighboring RIU's. Also, we read a reveiw from someone who stayed here earlier in the year and commented on the drinking water and the possibilities of contracting intestinal problems--her solution was to take Grapefruit Seed Extract (GSA) as a prophylaxis. Half of us took GSA and the other half did not. Almost all of us had some intestinal discomfort/distress, not due to overindulgence, I might add. So be careful and take appropriate medications with you.In closing, just relax, leave your work and worries at home and you should have a good time.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful time spent at the Palace We just spent a week at the Riu Palace (March 4-11 2004) and it was a wonderful experience. I'm shocked reading the negative reviews about the Riu Palace. Check in went well, our room was ready early. We didn't like it's location so nicely asked front desk if we could get another one and they rectified the situation ASAP. The buffet is amazing with lots to choose from. The water and ice are safe and the only way you get ill is if you over eat/drink! The staff were friendly, helpful and waited on you hand and foot. My husband and I speak no Spanish but never found communication to be an issue. The resort is definitely for the 40 and over crowd and is not a kid friendly/party type of place. If you want to watch live shows all evening do not go there. If you want to relax with a book in peace, this is the place to go. We went to tour the other Riu's next door and the Palace was by far the most spacious. No worries about being crowded on the beach (10+++ beach) or by the pool. You won't be crowded out at the Palace. Most of the guests seemed to be German. There were a few Americans and Canadians there but really, who cares. The only negative was that the wine was terrible! If you like a good bottle of wine, bring some with you. They'd probably let you drink your own during dinner. We never tried, but had some in our room before going out in lieu of cocktails. If you want to find something to complain about I'm sure you will no matter how wonderful the resort. As one reviewer put it, you're just lucky your plane didn't fall out of the sky, anything else is just not worth getting worked up over while on vacation! Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LadyDi95
<Content>Loved the Riu Palace Macao My husband and I just returned from our stay at the Riu (pronounced Ree-You) Palace Macao. Along with the other helpful tips posted here, just a few additional comments and helpful tips. The staff at the Riu was extremely friendly and eager to please. They are very, very hard working. We always saw employees scrubbing, painting or grooming the outside grounds. Each morning someone was scrubbing the outdoor tiles that ran through the open aired lobby as well as the outdoor tile walkway which ran across the back of the resort. The rooms are immaculate. Someone next to us at the pool also commented on the cleanliness, even indicating the maid cleaned under the bed each day and cleaned the patio door wall. I never checked under our bed but I took his word for it.When you get there, the meal thing might be a bit confusing, especially if you don't speak any Spanish. Just show up at either the 6:30 or 8:30 seating and let one of the waiters at the entrance to The Patio (indoor buffet restaurant across from the lobby bar) know that it's your first night there and he'll seat you at a numbered table. This will be your table for all dinners unless you make a reservation at one of the several outdoor restaurants on the property. If you want a reservation for dinner at one of the outdoor restaurants, you should let them know you won't be coming to the buffet that night. The time you choose for dinner will be your dinnertime all week. No reservations are necessary for breakfast, lunch or buffet dinner. No assigned seating in the buffet dining room for breakfast and lunch, only dinner. There is a no smoking section, so if you're a non-smoker and they seat you in areas with other smokers, just ask to be moved and they will easily accommodate your request. One other thing about the outdoor restaurants requiring a reservation, we were told if you do not show up within 15 minutes of your reservation, you could lose it. Buffet dinners, you can go anytime within the allotted dining hours. We ate at 8:30, and they were still serving an hour later. Definitely not as restrictive. Also, the food menu at the outdoor restaurants was the same each night, which some people commented on. We ate at the Steak House one night and found it to be ok.Food The food at the buffet has so much to offer that most everyone we talked to stuck to the buffet. You can't beat the selection. For all meals, you could choose from the following separate big buffets filled with: breads, fruits (melon, pineapple, mango, papaya, watermelon, etc), cheeses (6 or so selections), desserts, side salads warm potato dishes and veggies. For breakfast, add on the entire breakfast portfolio of offering; for lunch, add grilled, broiled or pan-fried beef, pork, chicken, fish, etc). For dinner, the same kinds of meat offering plus something special at the back buffet. One night it was roasted turkey being carved; another night it was roasted pork, another lamb. Well, I hope you get the idea. More than you could ever eat and always very tasty. One thing I will say about the meats, some nights, you might get something a bit overcooked. One night the beef might be a little dry, the next it was tender. One night it was the fish, the next it was moist. A bit inconsistent but overall, I just can't complain. Even the displays were absolutely wonderful. How they carve the different melons into animals and starfish is a real craft. I had to take pictures of the food displays.Dressing for meals Breakfast is pretty much shorts, lunch the same with a few people in bathing suits with a cover up over their suit. Dinner is supposed to be dressier, but I'll tell you, I saw some girls in hip hugger jeans that would put Britney Spears to shame. Guys have to wear pants but that's the only restriction. Women, just about anything goes and you'll see just about anything. Most are dressed appropriately, but some of the women's outfits I thought were not very appropriate. You have to remember all countries are visiting and some things may be more acceptable where they live. I think I saw one or two gentlemen in a sport coat and tie (that's it). Most of the time, it's business casual. For women too. Nice slacks and a top or a nice simple summer dress. That's what seemed to be the norm. One night I wore capri slacks with a nice top and I didn't feel out of place at all. One night I wore a skirt and dressy top and felt just as comfortable. I'd recommend no jeans at dinner. Leave them home, along with the Dale Earnhardt tee shirt. It just doesn't belong in a resort like this. Remember, you are representing your country when you go and it's bad enough Americans have a bad rap for being rude, overly critical and a bit on the heavy side.We read about a few tips that were very helpful. I'll repeat them here in case this is one of the few reviews you'll read.Tipping Bring a stack of one-dollar bills. We brought about 50 singles and used every one. Even though the Riu is all-inclusive, we still tipped our waiters and restaurant staff. I asked what they made there in wages, $95.00 a month. Some of the tour guides and outside help make 5 bucks a day. So if they are working hard for you, why not give them a few bucks? They never expect it, but are most appreciative when you tip. To us it's hardly anything, to them; it could be an extra day of wages.Bring a small pocket Spanish dictionary if you don't know the language. It helped us a lot, especially when asking for a toothpick :-)Pool and lounge chairs It took me a few days to figure out the game. I will save you some time. Get out to the pool at 7:00 am to reserve your chair(s). Yes, they say you shouldn't do it, but EVERYONE DOES!! The first day we got out there at 10:30 and guess what? No chairs were available. The next day I got out there at 8:30 and there were chairs, but no umbrellas. (Trust me, if you lay by the pool, you'll need an umbrella at some point during the day) So the third day I was out at 7 am and voila, my pick of chairs and an umbrella to boot. If the towels haven't arrived at 7 am, they'll be there within 15 minutes. Just put a magazine or book on your chairs until you get your towels. And hang something tied to your umbrella too. Don't forget to put something on your small table. I didn't mark my table on the second day and someone took it, even though' it was between two marked loungers. It seems so petty to have to do this but ..... and it's funny; everyone looks like little ants running to the pool between 7 and 7:30 trying to mark their chairs. Some marked chairs and didn't even show up until mid afternoon. Our week, the weather was so windy we could not be out on the beach because we would have been sandblasted. So the pool was where everyone hung out. Maybe if the beach had been less windy, the chair thing wouldn't have been as much of an issue because folks would have been on the beach chairs instead.Drinks Wine: 3 kinds, red, rose and white. Don't think you'll get a merlot or chardonnay or shiraz. It's red, pink or white. And it's not that great, not very full bodied. Reminded me of church wine. Wine selection, disappointingStrawberry daiquiri's, pina colada's, other tropical drinks: Disappointing. The daiquiri mix was bright pink (an early warning sign) and it didn't taste like a nice tropical daiquiri. No fresh berries either. I guess when I go to tropical places, I expect better tropical drinks than I can get at home. The pina colada's were not smooth frosties like we get in the States. And the bloody Mary mix was awful. The mixers here definitely need upgrading. Sorry.Side trip to Saona Island We took the trip to Saona Island, which was highly recommended by Funjet. It cost something like $78 U.S. dollars apiece. We left at 7:am and got back to the Riu at 7:30 pm. Way too long of a day. First you're bussed 1 1/2 hours to the place where you board the boats. It seemed like forever before we all took off from shore (yes, I'm another of those impatient Americans). Then 15 minutes later, we dropped anchor at a common snorkel spot. Whoever wanted to get out to snorkel was allowed. Time there, 30 minutes. They passed out snorkels and masks (which couldn't have been sanitized, pulled out of a plastic bag) to anyone who wanted to go. About 6 out of about 24 went in, including us. Then it was back in the boat and on to the next stop. Took another 1/2 hour to get going, pull up anchor and talk to someone driving the other boat tied up in the same snorkel spot. Next we stopped on a sand reef where we were allowed to get out and pick up starfish. I felt sorry for the same starfish being picked up over and over and over (every boat came to the same spot) but I picked them up too and took some pictures. Then we all loaded back in and finished the trip to Saona Isle. We stayed there for 2 hours. They had a nice lunch for us there as well. Bathrooms were available too. This island, which was touted as the most beautiful island was not even as nice as our beach at the Riu. Plus, they had the beach sectioned off for each tour boat that unloaded on the island. The lawn chairs were all on top of each other and the beach wasn't that great. After lunch, back in the motorboats which took us out to a catamaran waiting in the ocean. It was huge. About 50 of us loaded on and back we went. The trip back was exhilarating!! The water was so beautiful, shades of green, aqua and blue that I'd never seen before. The breeze in your hair, merengue music playing, it was wonderful. They brought out the rum bottle and Pepsi/sprite for anyone wanting some spirits. They also passed freshly cut fruit and a basket full of chips/munchies. The staff was very nice and some of them led folks into dancing. That's another thing about the Dominican people. They seem so happy and are always quick to break into dance. It was very contagious and they try hard to get you engaged to have some fun. The catamaran ride was worth the trip but next time we'd investigate renting a catamaran and just spend a few hours out on the ocean. Pick me up on my hotel beach to save me the 1 1/2 hour commute (each way). Get me back in a few hours and I'd be happy. I think they must want to give you your money's worth, hence the longgggg day. On the way home, we stopped at a store in Higuey where we could buy jewelry, cigars and other souvenirs. Much cheaper buying here than at any of the hotels.Check out/Return Our flight didn't leave until 11:25 pm and check out was at 12:00. They will keep your luggage for you and when you want to clean up to depart, they'll give you a key to a room that you're allowed to use for about a 1/2 hour. We took quick showers and changed. When we brought the key back to the desk, someone was already waiting for it.We got to the Punta Cana airport with a few hours to spare. We ended up taking off an hour early since the charters do such a good job of picking you up and getting you to the airport early. The arriving plane was early so we were able to board and take off without delay. Don't delay in getting to the airport when you're taking a charter. Also, they will go through all of your checked luggage by hand so don't use any chicken band ties (plastic, one-time use only) to secure your luggage before they have a chance to sift through your belongings. Instead, carry them in your pocket and attach them after they close up your bags.Last overall impression The Riu Palace is where you want to go when you want nothing more than to relax and chill out in a place that's well run, clean and a very eager-to-please staff. If you want disco's, poolside music and swim up bars, pick one of the Riu's next door. This place is quiet and relaxed, just what we were looking for. They will play poolside music, but only around 5'ish for an hour of poolside merengue (which they lead and teach). Quite a few participated too. They also offer a water aerobics class each day for around 30 minutes, archery and ping pong tournaments. The crowd is definitely on the older side. Average age is about 50-60. We met a lot of nice people but certainly not a rip-roaring party crowd. We are in our 30's/early 40's and were not disappointed because the crowd was older. One other thing to mention, we talked to a lot of people who stayed at other places along the beach. The one thing that folks liked most about the Riu Palace is that is was very compact. The restaurants/lobby/bar/pool are all within a few minutes walk. There are no great distances to cross to get somewhere. About the farthest you'll have to walk is down to the beach and that's only a few minutes as well. We liked the fact that everything was very close and easy to find. Even the connecting Riu's were a short distance away, though' we didn't venture over there but once or twice.I'd rate the Riu Palace Macao a B+/A-. If the drink mixers and wine were better and some of the meat less overcooked, I'd give it a strong A. A great place to stay and I would highly recommend it to anyone. When we come back to the Dominican Republic, we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They will never see me there again!!! It's been more than two years since my horrible experience at this sorry excuse for a hotel and the memories are still vivid. My husband and I decided to go to the DR for our honeymoon because we loved the convenience of a 3 1/2 hour flight from Newark. When we got there, we were told to go have a drink and wait for our room because it wasn't ready yet. We waited around for about 1 1/2 hours and finally they took us to our honeymoon suite. The first thing that I noticed was the humidity and moldy walls, the room was big but impersonal and some of the furniture pieces were broken and/or badly mended. Our bed was so soft and worn out that we call the front the to complain just to hear them say that they were renovating the hotel and that those beds were on their way out and that they were booked solid and had no spare mattresses. The nightly entertainment ended every night at around 8:30 and from then on, people were forbidden from making any loud noises, becuase some of the guest rooms were located right above the main lounge and casino. The food was as bland as it could be, and the service staff were rude and unfriendly, specially the female waitresses. One night, my husband and I and a group of guests went up to the management office to complain about the lack of nightly entertianment and what this gentleman did was to direct us to the complaints' book. I would rather spend my money contributing to the Republican party (ouch!!) than to go to the Riu Palace again.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If You Don't Speak Spanish Don't Go I am writing this becuase people should know that there is a serious language barrier at this hotel. Most of the guest are European and treated us very badly and rudely. All of the entertainment is in Spanish, even the manager of the hotel only spoke a little English. The food was horrible, but the drinks were strong. I think the special was goat every night. I think my biggest complaint was the rude people; from the guest to the help. No one offered to help anyone. I actually hd to help an American couple get into there room because no one came to help them for 1/2 hour or more.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Perronss
<Content>Wonderful Just returned from RIU Palace Macao. There were 6 of us (3 couples) and we stayed 21-28 Feb.The place is fabulous but I will get to that later...I did a good deal of research on this site before I left, as you are probably doing now. In many other reviews of the RIU palace people mention getting bumped and overbooking. My group of 6 had no problems checking in and it may be because we asked our travel agent (Apple) to e-mail our desires ahead and we also e-mailed the hotel directly. We asked for 3 rooms together on the top floor and we got all that we asked for. However, we did meet a person who checked in the day before us that was bumped his first night but was comped for it.I have stayed at the Moon Palace in Cancun and thought it was the best ever. This place is many times better and much classier. Make no mistake that this is for the over 40 crowd who are vacationing without the kids for the first time (get the hint- leave kids at home with Grandma). There is not much for kids to do here and it is for RR, lying on the beach, drinking, eating, drinking, you get the picture.The food was absolutely first rate, all three meals. You can go ala carte to several places there. Mediterranean and steak house are good, Caribe not so great. The main Buffet is by far the best. None of us of got sick at all.This is the best beach I have ever seen for relaxing. Palm trees, beach bar, and perfect sand. The staff is attentive and will not allow you to lift a finger. They wait on you hand and foot and always have a cheery smile for you. The Dominican people are wonderful.Hotel is spotless, well kept and has a very classy feel to it. The staff is always working hard, cleaning, wiping, sweeping. You will see the same people for breakfast, noon, late at night and early the next day. TIP THEM. Usually $2 is plenty and it does make a difference in the service.Money--- Highly recommend you do NOT bring travelers checks. They are not widely accepted here and any change you get is in Dominican Pesos which are nearly impossible to change into dollars. Each of my group brought 100 one dollar bills for tipping and $200 in 5's, 10's and 20's. I met a fellow trying to change a $50 and had no luck. Bring small bills.Bring a travelers mug for drinks at the beach, the $5 one at Wal-Mart. Otherwise you will have to drink the 8oz plastic cups that get warm in a hurry. We took the Sanora Island Tour ($80 pp) and it was worth every penny.Overall I highly recommend this place. If you want wild times then look at RIU Bambu, next door. If you seek quietness with no kids and relaxation then this is the place for you.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pathetic Palace 4 people; 4 days; 4 thousand dollars. 4get it! Two couples arrived at the RIU Palace Feb. 20 expecting a 3-night glamour vacation. Nearly everyone arriving that day was refused prepaid and reserved rooms and offered rooms in 4 other less expensive hotels at this complex. After a group meeting attended by about 30 others, the proposed compensation was an excursion, not a refund of the room price. Hotel management is deplorable, uncompromising, untruthful and a disservice to the Dominican Republic's tourism industry and citizens. We spent the entire day attempting to resolve our crisis only to be placed at the RIU Naboa in rooms with beds hardly fit for children. This meant being moved from one building to another, unpacking, spending a miserable first night and then being hounded the next morning to get out so they could get the room ready for the next victims of the same scam! We refused to be moved until we had keys in hand at the Palace. This scenario continued throughout the entire weekend. It was mid-afternoon the next day before we could settle into the space which should have been provided upon arrival. Management blamed the tour company and the tour company blamed the management. We were assured that this was the first time this situation happened [gee, I just read a review from someone who had the same experience on Feb. 17]. We learned of others who were placed in rooms with strangers because there was no space for sleeping. The Manager promised me in person that I would receive a letter from the hotel regarding a refund to be made through the tour company. It took 4 hours of my persistence before I actually had it in my hands - and that was literally 5 minutes before the intended departure for the airport. Be assured that you will be put off by each and every person at the reception desk in the hope that you will simply give up and go away. I have only just begun my pursuit of a refund. I will do everything in my power to alert other travelers about this scam. Quoting the manager: I am pretty sure it will be fixed this week. I doubt that Trip Advisor would allow me to use the name of the tour company so I have not. I will pursue them on my own as I am convinced that they could have stopped this nightmare from happening to people who booked with them in good faith. Their own on-site representative said this has been a daily event for the last two weeks. Oh, yes, the grounds and beach are beautiful, the staff (excluding front desk personnel) are friendly and hard working to make sure you are enjoying your stay. Had we received our rooms on the first day, it would have been a great experience. On a positive note, we came home with lots of $$$$ that we intended to spend and did not because of this treatment. Good luck to anyone considering RIU. I sincerely hope you get what you paid for.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Riu! We spent 7 days at the Palace resort from January 18-25 for our honeymoon and we couldn't have been happier! The staff was outstanding. The food was excellent, everyday we walked away stuffed, feeling like it was Thanksgiving! The weather was perfect! We went with the intention of doing nothing but relaxing, which is exactly what we did. The resort was absolutely spotless. There were no bugs! Honestly, we tried very hard to find something to complain about and we just couldn't. Just one note though, even though they have the same voltage, the outlets are recessed into the wall and the plugs from our blow dryer and our video camera wouldn't work. But overall, I would recommend this resort to anyone. We're looking forwart to going banck to celebrate future anniversaries!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Palace We just returned from our trip to the Palace. Upon arrival we were taken to the Bamboo because the Palace was overbooked. I was traveling with my wife and my two little girls, 8 and 7 years of age. I was determined not to let this ruin our first family vacation. We were advised that a room in the Palace would be available the next day at 1.00 pm. 1pm came and went and still no room. The management had to kick people out of their room who refused to leave. A big overbooking problem. The beaches and pool were first class. The food was OK but remember you are not in the USA. If your looking for the perfect meal stay home. Another tip bring small bills of cash. 10's,5's ect.. You will find it hard to break a $100. The Dominican people were very friendly. I would agree with most of the reviews good and bad. I would definately go back!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tatine
<Content>Thanks for making our stay at Riu Palace Macao so noisy ... !! We just returned from the Riu Palace Macao and had heard only beautiful things from this resort. It really IS heaven over there : friendly staff, beautiful rooms, excellent food, romantic beaches, peace and quiet ... After having worked hard for a whole year, we found everything we were searching for in this hotel ... until a group of Americans invaded it and litterally ruined everything ... !The buffets in the restaurants were a mess after less than 2 minutes, peace and quite were replaced by people shouting and drinking at the bars, in the pool and on the beach (not only during the day, but especially during the night, so we couldn't sleep for several nights), the friendly staff turned frustrated and didn't know what to do anymore and other American guests told us they were ashamed to see such behaviour of fellow citizens ...During our first week at the Riu Palace Macao, the Riu Management received huge complaints from all the other guests, several of them will never return to this beautiful hotel. Understandable, as the Palace was turned into a one star club sometimes (lamps and bidets broken, cigarettes on the floor, drunken people lying in the sofa from the bar, ... )For those who feel concerned, let me give you some basic behaviour rules (in case the hotel still allows you to come back next year) ... : - pleaaaaaase, show some respect for the staff by eating your food, don't spoil it the way you did ! The majority of the Dominicans are poor and you hurt their feelings by spoiling things they can't even afford. Above that : you're a guest in their country, don't expect them to speak as good English as you do ... Tipping them doesn't make your behaviour better. - obey some ground rules such as not wearing shorts and tops in the restaurants, not walking around barefoot in the restaurants, don't take food out of the restaurants, don't leave your drinks and cigarettes around the pool and please : don't shout when you speak ! - leave your mugs at home : you can get as much drinks as you want at every bar of the resort, why filling them up until you're so drunk you can't walk anymore? - show some respect for the other guests in the hotel who came for peace and quiet .. It is NOT normal they can't sleep at night because of you .. Partying is ok, but don't molest others by doing so ! - Get your own towel and don't wet ours when we leave for 5 minutes - Throwing food and lemons on the floor and at each other is NOT funny - and last but not least : please let us now when you will be returning next year, so I don't have to go at the same time you're there !Anyway, everyone (staff and guests) was releaved to see the group of *** leave after a week, peace and quiet returned, the Riu Macao became a Palace again and the Riu Management definetely learned a lesson...In spite of our experience during the first week, we really enjoyed our last days at the hotel. We would recommend this heavenly place to everyone, you will have a great time !  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you don't mind sleeping on the beach book here.... A group of 150 of us just returned some of us had to sleep 4 to a room because they could not accomodate our group hello...then you should not have taken our reservation. No compensation was given or offered. We weren't the only ones. The 3rd night 100 people had to be sent to another hotel because there was no room in the inn. One couple slept on the beach because no hotel could take them. As long as you don't have to deal with the management the resort is beautiful. The weather, the ocean, the pool. Food leaves something to be desired. Watch out for the safe key scam. Even though the key is in the room when you get there make sure you return it when you check out or they will hold your luggage hostage for a ransom of $50.00.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Riu We just got back from a vacation in the Caribbean. We stayed at the Riu Palace Macao, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Everthing was great. Short and to the point.. Will definitely go back to a Riu hotel, they have a chain. At the Palace, the service was excellent, workers friendly and helpful, foods delicious and all sorts of variety, waiters at poolside, at the beach, pampering you, have a sense of humor, weather was always the same 85 degrees with a breeze on the beach. The Palace was clean, beautifully landscaped, rooms quiet, provided entertainment nightly and throughout the day. It was great!!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Days in Paradise We just returned yesterday from our stay at the Riu Palace Macao. It was absolutely breath-taking. The palm tree lined view of the ocean is one to be seen for yourself. We had a rocky start when we arrived, they did not have enough rooms. There were 208 of us that went together from one company through Funjet. We volunteered to share a suite with another couple which ended up being a beautiful one bedroom suite with a twin sized cot in the corner. After complaining on and off for several hours, we were offered a room next door at the Riu Bamboo, which ended up being lovely. We had our own room right on the ocean. The Bamboo is the hot spot, everyone from our group ended up partying at our hotel and pool anyway. The pool has a swim up bar and funny bartenders. Be careful of the dark rum, the pina coladas sneak up on you and make it hard to exit the pool! The food is excellent, we tried every restaurant at least once on all 5 properties and never had a bad meal. If you are not sure what's in the recipe, then simply ask and they will tell you. I read the previous reviews for months before we left and to be honest, I was worried about what we would encounter. Let me tell you, if you stay at this hotel or the Bamboo, you have nothing to fear! You will be treated like royalty. The grounds and rooms are immaculate. There are no bugs, we saw one wasp (in the flower beds) and a few moths. That's it, I never saw or got bitten by any mosquitos at this resort. We went on the Kontiki Clypso Snorkeling cruise. The best party ever! 5 hours of fun in the sun and the best snorkeling around. They pick you up and take you over to the Carribean Sea side of the Island. It cost us $50 US per person and was well worth it. They provide all of the gear which is well maintained and even have a resident photographer on staff to take your digital pictures in the water and out. We bought a digital photo albumn (100 pictures) 2 t-shirts and a hat for $37 US. Not bad at all. I would definately recommend this resort to anyone. You pay more to stay at the Palace and the only difference we saw between the Palace and the Bamboo was that if you book at the Palace, you get a wrist band that you have to wear the whole time and it gives you unlimited access to all 5 Riu resorts, which are all side by side down the beach. Speaking of the beach, on both sides of the resort there are street vendors where you can purchase souvenirs, paintings, cigars, etc. and since there are a lot of European visitors, they are all topless. If you do not want your children exposed to this, then leave them with the Animacion crew for the day. All shapes and sizes are mostly exposed on the beaches outside of the resort areas. Do not pack a lot of clothes, you won't wear them. The average temperature is 95 degrees during the day and 80's at night. The closer you are to the ocean the nicer the breeze. But that sun is very hot during the afternoon. You will live in your bathing suit and shorts or a cover up. Men must wear long pants at night for dinner, they can be jeans if you wish not to dress up. But you can always eat at any of the outdoor restaurants any time of the day in your bathing suit if you wanted to. A little Spanish goes a long way. They really appreciate that you try to speak their language. But you can get by on just knowing please and thank you. Do not drink the tap water! They will stock your refrigerator with gallons of water, use that for everything or you will be sorry the next day. Bring Immodium and some ant-acids and you will be fine other wise. I would have rated this resort a perfect 5 if they had not over booked our hotel. Relax, be patient and enjoy the views. Adios Amigos!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think before you book....... My review of Punta Cana/Royal Palace Macao dated January 29, 2004If you are a seasoned traveler and have already booked your vacation, go and you will have a wonderful time. If you are looking into going my suggestion would be to wait for a few years before going. It is everything said in previous reviews both good and bad. It needs a few years under its belt to work out the kinks and develop further.I was a minority on 3 different levels. 1. I am a gay male. 2. I am an American. 3. I am single. Of those 3 possible obstacles I was surprised to find that being American put me most at a disadvantage. The majority of people there were Dutch and German. Americans are definitely NOT the center of attention there which although it was surprising I found it to be quite humbling. It was a nice reminder that the world does not revolve around the USA as we often delude ourselves into thinking.The drive from the airport was unspeakable. The level of poverty is astounding. There is definitely a slight language barrier. English is about the 4th language in priority there. I have a working knowledge of Spanish and even I found it to be challenging. My hotel, the RIU Palace Macao was beautiful. Pictures do not do it justice. It is immaculate, ornate, enormous and well organized. There are no ocean front rooms due to the situation of the hotel. The staff by and large are wonderful and incredibly hard working. I won t go into the conditions under which they work but will suffice to say that whatever MONEY you choose to leave them, anything, is richly deserved and vastly needed.The food is abundant but repetitive and flavorless. It almost seems that a special process was invented just to extract whatever possible flavor out of most things. During my 5 night stay I can say there was possibly 3 things I would consider good. Again, this is a result of the European influence. My friend and I do not drink so we cannot comment on the alcohol but there seemed to be plenty of it available including a cool wall bar in each room. The eating procedure, what, when, where and how took us 4 days to master. The maps and literature they give you at check in are all contradictory and inaccurate.Now onto the good news which vastly overshadows any and all small difficulties mentioned above .the BEACH, POOL AND SUN. These 3 things are outstanding!! If sun, beauty and isolation are your goals in a vacation, this is paradise. I spent every minute of daylight in the sun and water. I was so exhausted (in the good way) by the end of the day I was ready for bed at 9pm. It was utter heaven for a sun worshipper like myself. The beach is pristine, the water clean and gorgeous and the sun strong and searing, just like I enjoy it.I will write another review that will be more informative that will detail how to avoid some of the problems I encountered and advise on what you should bring, what you need to know to optimize your experience and any tips I have for future trips to Punta Cana. My criteria for a successful vacation is if I would chose to return. My 5 night stay at the Palace, all inclusive, including airfare from Philadelphia came to a total of $690.00 per person. I travel with my travel agent who obviously gets deals. For $700 I would definitely return to the Dominican Republic now that I know what to expect. I would not however return if a week cost me $1000 or more. There are too many developed and tourist ready islands that would provide more for my money.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>welcomed in the new year Our family of four spent New Years week at the Palace. We had two rooms....loved being on the first floor as we seemed to run back and forth to our rooms often. I appreciated the suggestion about the candles.....we burned candles on our balcony every evening. The balconies are wonderful....a great extension to a beautiful room. We took alot of $1 bills with us......they came in very handy when getting pool chairs in the morning. Every day I left our maid a dollar and a small bottle of lotion or candy. We had a few favorite waiters and we tipped them occationally during the week. The staff works so hard and they work very long hours. If you have a 110 v adaptor...take it along. Many of our US plugs do not fit into the DR outlets so you need an adaptor and during our week.....they were hard to come by. Take a travel clock along if you want to know what time it is in the middle of the night. The buffets worked out well for our family....young adult children who could always find something to eat and alot of it. Breakfast was actually our favorite.....loved the fresh fruit at every meal. We walked and walked and walked on the beach. It was very windy during our week so we were not able to use alot of the water toys because the red warning flag was out almost every day. Our kids took one excursion but we were very happy just hanging at the beach or the pool. There is a huge European influence.......we did not find many people speaking English during our week and that made it interesting. We enjoyed the casino a few nights. Our son enjoyed the ability to go in and out of the other RIU hotels and he met people from all over the world. We would be happy to re-visit the Palace.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury in D.R> We stayed a week at the Palace in September. It was wonderful! The staff was very pleasant and helpful. The hotel was elegant, the rooms (ours on the third floor) overlooking the pool were spacious and beautifully decorated and spotless with a view to die for. The restaurants were really great, great variety of food , beautiflly prepared and presented. Champagne on the veranda in the afternoon and port in the evening served by white gloved waiters! The beach out of this world. A great place to stay!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>trixie18
<Content>Great service and lot's of class! We just returned from the Palace. Dec. 25th. We had booked the Taino first and when we arrived I almost had a heart attack! No 5 star there! Anyway thank God I booked the hotel directly with RIU and I immediately switched to the Palace.The place was spotless and service for the Dominican was absolutely amazing! Been there three times and found the people rude and often lazy. This place was service with a smile the whole time. The management is very involved there presence was felt all over the place, we saw them everywhere. They run a very tight ship. I felt if I needed anything they would accomadate me. We had 2 kids with (age 9,6) they felt right at home, The towels and chairs were nice and cozy not old and weathered. The pool was very clean, the food was great and the buffet restaurant El Patio was very classy inside. The men must where long pants for all dinners there is a certain upper class feel to this hotel which was great , there was no bar flys hanging out at all the bars inhaling drinks because they are free! I hate it when the hotel is full of people who are there to take advantage of the free booze and food and act like this is there first holiday in there life! This resort was full of well traveled people and a very mature croud. The beach front was the best in front of the Palace the Iberostar was awful with a million yellow old chairs and straw huts everywhere! The Palace is a place I would definitely reccommend for relaxationan and quality with a smile.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sean-the-Scuba-Diver
<Content>2 weeks in the paradise My mate and I just got back from Punta Cana. We stayed at a gorgeous hotel, Riu Palace Macao. The service was good. I've read earlier on the review that tippings didn't affect the level of service, but in our case, I think the tippings made a difference. My girl friend, Kim brought several pens with Canadian flags on them with strings to put around his or her neck. She gave the pens away and the pool side waiters loved them!!! These people deserve a good tips. They do work hard. Also, the manager, Ramon was very helpful. The two things we want to inform the new visitors. There is no clock radio in the room. Bring one. It will be nice to know the time during the night, and you can enjoy the merenge music while you are relaxing. Secondly, the patio outside the room does not have a light. So... it was good that we've brought some candles. It is very romantic to have 4 or 5 candles while having a stimulating conversation with the love one, and sipping a brandy! Cheers and enjoy your vacation!Sean and Kim from Vancouver, Canada  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Resort My husband and I spent a wonderful two weeks at the Riu Palace in November. We were there in May for one week and found it so enjoyable, we had to return. We've been to many resorts throughout our 28 years of travel and have finally found the one which meets our expectations for an enjoyable holiday. The location is spectacular; clear turquoise water, miles and miles of white sandy beach to stroll along, lovely tropical plants and trees and fresh air. The hotel itself is breathtaking and the staff are very friendly, extremely helpful and keep the resort spotless. The food is excellent in terms of quality, variety, freshness and presentation. The resort is quieter than most resorts, which is perfect if you want to relax and enjoy the scenery, without noise coming at you from all directions.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Experience EVER !!! Having llived in Paris 17 years, traveled around the world and stayed in most of the best European and Asian hotels. I believe my opinion has some value. Though reluctant to spend a 10 day vacation in the Caribbean with my lady of 20 years, I finally agreed. What a surprise!! 'Twas the best hotel experience I have had in 35 years of world travel. The holel's staff, food, architecture, works of art and interior decor rate among the best in the world.Charles Stewart [stay was from Oct 30 to Nov 10]  
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Further the best we've stayed 15 days and it was fantastic very, very warm people excelent service  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing We just came back from our trip at the palace macao. it was a really great trip for our first time. we have two younger kids and even they found things to do. it was extremely clean at all times of the day, and our rooms were amazing, felt just at home. there was always things to go on the resort, and especially because we could go to the other rios it helped. this resort on one hand is more of an adult paradise rather than teens. my kids said htey had lots of fun just wish that there was more things to keep them busy. there was many day trips was were avaible and weenjoyed like swimming with sharks, snorkling, scuba diving and horseriding on the beaches. id highly suggest this hotel if your planning on just getting away and not looking for a night life.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SORRY,OUTDATED,BORING From the moment I walked into the lobby, I thought to myself this sure doesn't look anything like the visual tour I saw on the internet. WOW...they must have paid a million dollars on marketing because it sure looked nothing like it. Let me sum it up for you...unless you are from Spain or antisocial this place is not for you. Trust me. The Hotels costumer service was a joke.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kinsa
<Content>The resort is great, but be careful if you book it yourself on the internet!! Overall, this resort is fantastic, really beautiful and the staff could not be more friendly. I got sick the second day (I don't drink alcohol so it wasn't that, and tried to avoid all meat for fear of getting sick, but still got sick anyway), and was sick for several days, spent 1 1/2 days confined to room. But, my hubby ate everything in site and did not get sick at all, so I really don't blame resort for my illness - just make sure to bring lots of immodium - you may need it!! The rooms are really great and first class all the way. The food was good for an all inclusive, but I have had better at an all inclusive resort in Mexico. Where this hotel really lacks is the specialty resturaunts, because the buffets get tiring after awhile.We had a fabulous time up until it was time to check out that we had any problem at all. This would only be a problem for people who book the hotel themselves throught the internet. Our reservation was for $180/night. We ended up paying what turned out to be about $210/night, because they calculate the peso rate equiavlent of $180 the day you check in, but don't actually charge you until you check out. From the time we arrived until the time we left, the peso devalued from 35 to 26 for 1 US. This means we lost out big time. I wouldn't have minded if this had been explained to us at the beginning, if we had been given the opportunity to pay upfront (we were not) or if we didn't have the reservation that clearly stated we were to pay $180 per night. After arguing several hours with the front desk people, who really were unhelpful, and quite frankly rude, we finally gave up a paid it (but we have disputed the excess amount with the credit card company, so we will see where that will get us - probably nowhere.) This really left a bad taste in our mouths for what had, up until this point, been a great vacation. I would recommend this hotel, only if you do not book it directly through the internet!!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular  We spent our honeymoon here, and it was amazing. Great food...drinks.....staff...room....Going back again real soon!   
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort We just spent our honeymoon there. The resort was beautiful. We found our room was in excellent condition. We paid extra to have a sea side room. It was huge, but I know it was larger then the regualr rooms (we were on a corner witha wrap around balcony- not sure if this was because they knew we were honeymooners or if this was because of the seaside deal). All of the power worked. Air conditionning was cold! And it stays on even when they turn off the master switch in the room (only controls the lights and TV). Mini bar was fully stocked everyday. We did get sick while we were there even though we didn't drink the water. Unfortunately we were sick for several days. But only one day were we unable to do anything. Be sure to bring immodium or pepto- it is expensive there. We did the Santo Domingo tour- kind of boring-not worth the money. Did the Manitarium tour-that was fun. The Bavaro runners was by far the best- but the tour guide really made the trip- ask for Jackie Chan if you can!! (his real name is Alejandro). There isn't a ton to do at the hotel (which we didn't mind) but you have access to the other hotels which are more activity based ( I think they even say that themselves). Staff were super nice. All and all-a good time. A great honeymoon for sure!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty lame Very sparse accomodations. Locals not very friendly from arrival at the airport to the resort. This is not just a language barrier - they seem to favor European guests. The actual facility (rooms, pool, beach) is fairly nice and well maintained. The food was, at best, mediocre . Mostly leftovers from the previous days and concocted into some new dish. If you have small children don't even bother. Resort is mostly for adults, couples, etc. Their kids club, as they call it, consists of a fenced in area that has a dirty wading pool and some junky plastic toys. It is also unsupervised. Even without children I would not return to this resort or the D.R. for that matter. Much, much nicer islands and accomodations throughout the Carribean. Nothing much to do except lay out all day and drink at night. There were problems with some guests in casino/bar during our stay. Mostly troublemakers that the resort didn't even bother dealing with on a nightly basis. Overall: Don't waste your time.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Words cannot describe what a place this is. I took my niece and we had the time of our lives. The place is absolutely beautiful, the staff was so nice, the room was wonderful - I cannot say one bad word about this place. I didn't want to leave. I'm sitting back at work and I still can't believe I went there. We are talking about going back next year.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous, Fabulous - Paradise What a trip! We just got back from spending our honeymoon at the Riu Palace Macao - and it was more beautiful than we could have imagined. The hotel was gorgeous, the people were so friendly, the food was first rate and the service was top notch.The beaches were immaculate with the white sands and blue water. We had little fishes swimming right up to us! The rooms were fabulous with a beautiful view. We are definitely going to revisit this paradise resort.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise This place was heaven. Paradise. No words to describe it. I cried because I was leaving. Book it for more than 7 days, or you will feel like you didn't spend enough time there. Beach is clean and gorgeous, the staff is gorgeous (especially Juan S :P), the pool is sparkeling, the jacuzzi is lovely, the rooms are clean and rich, and be prepared to leave with a heavy heart. Go on the snorkeling tour ($25 p/p), take a trip on the glass bottom boat ($20 p/p), go kayaking (free), go snorkeling for 1 hr (free), go on a paddle boat, windsurfing, sailboating (all non motorized activities are free). Don't be embaressed, go out and perform the aerobics, learn the dancing lessons by the pool, go to the bingo game at 8pm, watch the shows at 10pm, and dance at the disco at 11pm and up. Just one thing, hands off Juan S(La Sirena poolside bar), ladies, he is so mine :)  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent staff We had the great pleasure to spend three weeks at the riu palace macao. The most impressive experience we made in those days was the outstanding kindness of the staff in this hotel. In particular, we would like to mention our waiter Rafael, whose overhelming courtesy made us just happy when ever we went to the restaurant. The beauty of the island in breathtaking and we are looking forward to seing our friends from the riu palace macao us soon as possible. The Schmidinger-Family P.S. A few suggestions: 1) Some rooms might have technical problems: After a few days, we observed fungi-vegetations on our clothes in the chest-board, that were humidity associated. However, the manager of the hotel resolved this problem in a very professional and kind manner. (Room 3275) 2) Many of the pool-towels are not sufficiently clean despite every day washing.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snoopy76
<Content>Beautiful and Relaxing We just returned from Punta Cana. The hotel is beautiful and all the staff was excellent. All the gentlemen at the front desk were superb especially Roberto. The rooms were spotless and the grounds magnificent. The food was good and there was a good variety. My son was sick so that was a downer; we still had a good time, we just couldnt enjoy all the activities as we planned. Im glad they had soup for lunch and dinner because this was the only thing he could eat for 3 days. Be sure and pack the Imodium and Pepto-Bismol, we also got a tip from other suffers to drink Gatorade. Knowing a few Spanish phases will help a lot.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Place I just got back From Punta cana. We stayed at the Riu Palace Macao and It was fantastic. The staff were very helpful, very friendly people. The food was good maybe get bored after a week was generally is a great place to go. highly recommmeded.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vey nice at the Riu Palace Macao We live in Puerto Rico, the island next to Dominican Republic. In June was the first time that we went to DR and we stayed at the Riu Palace Macao. It's extraordinary...the people, the service, the food, the beach...everything is excelente. It's to bad that in PR we don't have any of that All inclusive resots. Don't think twice, go to Riu Resorts in special Palace Macao. Saludos....  
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>fantastic! What a fabulous place, the Riu Palace and Punta Cana!!! Had to be one of the most beautiful beaches we have been on! The Palace was so clean and the staff couldn't do enough for you! First rate! Food was great and the animation group was fabulous! Victor and the gang make you really feel welcomed! We were amazed it how many languages they can speak! We had no problem with the language. The Outback Safair is definitly a most! Alex, our guide, was so informative and what a personality!!! We will go back for sure!!!  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palace is a palace styaed for one week - April 26 to May 3/03 had a great time the food was excellent - pool was great - beach and water was fine - had a corner jaccuzi suite - huge room - very nice - some language problems with staff but got around them - my first riu propery - I will go back to nother Riu at any time  
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What A Vacation! We just got back from the beautiful sands of PuntaCana..April 5-April 12 Stayed at the Palace..Nice rooms..very comfortable..balcony..in room bar plus stocked frig..Food is excellent..so many choices..Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner..Service is superb...There are plenty of activities to participate in if you want to or you can just relax by the beach or the pool. Bars all around..The beaches are very clean as they clean them up every A.M...You can walk for miles either way...I recommend the Outback Safari..Very informative and great fun all day long..Definitely will go back..My wife said she felt like a Queen..Hey at least I was the Lucky King...  
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing We are in our early sixties and we found it very relaxing. we were there 11 days which was great but the food did get a little repetitious. If you like mussels, shrimp and squid (we do), that is the place to be. there are a lot of other things on the buffet. We always ate lunch at the Caribe restaurant on the beach. We did have a hard time getting washcloths. You might want to take your own. My husband speaks some Spanish but we did a lot of talking with our hands. They really appreciate when the tourists at least attempt to say hello, good-bye, etc. They give you a sheet of Spanish sayings and it doesn't take a lot of effort to learn a few. We had a suite which was beautiful. We had requested an ocean view which is misleading because you can't see the ocean from any of the rooms because of the palm trees! The weather was great. The trip to Santa Domingo is not worth it - 4hrs. on a bus each way and we only saw 4 buildings and did a little shopping. It would be better to spend a layover there. Did go para-sailing which isn't nearly as scary as it looks. The Outback Safari is worth every penny and then some. At noon be sure to check what is going on on the walk from the hotel to the beach. They sometimes have special meals, band,etc. which was fun. They do like to have fun and are very friendly. We will return!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>12 Star! Just got back March 10th - the plane broke and we had to stay an extra day....what a shame (lol)!Can't say enough! The place was beautiful, the staff was excellent and sooooo friendly, rooms were immaculate and the FOOD! MINGYA! Made some great new friends.... Going back w/them next year! What a place. Definitely what I needed! If you need to relax and enjoy yourself, THIS IS THE PLACE!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Palace Good for Some Riu Palace will be great for some and a bore for others. Its truly a tropical paradise and the staff is wonderful. All inclusive means all inclusive. You can go to the bar or get you minibar filled anytime. Plus drinks on the beach. This isnt a party island. I came with 20 people so we brought our party with us. Its basically a peaceful place. Great for romancing. Beautiful views. The Safari excusion was fantastic. May bore some who aren't interested in culture. But there were still great views and the stop at the river was amazing. The snorkel/jet boat excursion was great too. They tell you to stay in a line but really wont stop you from tearing ass around on these jet boats. Coral and fish were cool too. The only complaint I have is the food. It all looks wonderful, but most of it is horrible and will make you sick. After about two days I just stuck with simple breads, and lunch meats. And some stuff was alright. It didnt ruin my vacation or anything. You should be able to find something on the buffet.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had the best time of my life at the Palace   showReview(906874, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Palace Macao   showReview(858360, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dardar68
<Content>Loved It!   showReview(853619, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional!   showReview(850641, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Fabulous time   showReview(847424, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hated to leave   showReview(841294, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed there in March 2002   showReview(753548, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2002
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smyles
<Content>Loved the Macao   showReview(748916, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfect Palace Vacation   showReview(646577, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>One week at the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana   showReview(634827, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel mit einigen kleinen Unzulç›²nglichkeiten   showReview(23335895, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulSuresnes
<Content>Belle usine è„¿ touristes   showReview(23248492, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Cherkasky
<Content>Excelente calidad/precio       Jardines  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	4	5	2	

<Author>gregorioArgentina
<Content>Extraordinatia estadé“†a   showReview(22897831, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>karibische nachlç›²ssigkeit   showReview(22962196, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traum
<Content>Wohlfçœ‰hlhotel   showReview(22632377, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>natiargentina
<Content>Es-pec-ta-cu-lar   showReview(21953221, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dick0495
<Content>fabuleux hotel   showReview(21914673, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ViajesdeLoloyNan
<Content>Un All inclusive de Lujo       Riu palace Punta cana  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Pabloriocuarto
<Content>El paraiso combinado con el lujo       Playa a pleno  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ALEX79Bilbao
<Content>Para volver!!!   showReview(21024880, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Reisebewertung   showReview(22954639, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parbizkaia
<Content>maravilloso servicio satisfaccion 99%   showReview(20854923, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>juanoscar
<Content>Vacaciones inolvidables -Sep '08   showReview(20095071, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>ELTMadrid
<Content>Correcto y poco mè°©s.       Habitaciè´¸n 3234  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	2	3	4	3	2	

<Author>maravillada
<Content>Volveremos   showReview(19721707, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chrirel
<Content>sejour merveilleux       notre gateau de mariage  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehmer Aufenthalt   showReview(22950529, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder schæžšn!   showReview(22945778, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MariamMexico
<Content>Bastante ordinario para ser Palace   showReview(18361573, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	2	1	1	

<Author>mayaCadiz
<Content>Maraviilloso   showReview(17057440, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>josemaria_g_c
<Content>Bueno, pero con objeciones   showReview(16746097, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>AVILESINAAsturias
<Content>Buen hotel buen tiempo y mejor personal   showReview(16578949, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kanoue
<Content>Absolument incroyable!!!   showReview(16545434, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pepamerida
<Content>nuestro sueå¸½o   showReview(15813154, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mumu14
<Content>Tres bon hotel   showReview(15592005, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mee_jimjam
<Content>Un ensueå¸½o de hotel!!   showReview(14494170, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>peorimposible
<Content>Encantadas y felices   showReview(14338981, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>franmurcia
<Content>unico   showReview(12915353, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>salvita6
<Content>Genial, fantasico, impresionante   showReview(11915154, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>borja_valenciano
<Content>Hotel perfecto.   showReview(10074256, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ChTm
<Content>DèŒ…ception...   showReview(8656207, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cflorez112
<Content>El hotel es inmejorable   showReview(8515579, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NeNiTo
<Content>Hotel muy bueno   showReview(7848094, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Aljo20
<Content>autrefois merveilleux hotel   showReview(7842128, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SèŒ…jour mai 2007   showReview(11436640, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Daniray
<Content>superbe expèŒ…rience   showReview(7293837, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>QuèŒ…trip
<Content>Des vacances superbes               
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>surcouf
<Content>vacances magnifique   showReview(6699610, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FrancescaMontreal
<Content>excellent hotel       Encore la chambre  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Celephais
<Content>Toutes nos attentes comblèŒ…es ! A conseiller !       Le buffet  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>strotche
<Content>RèŒ…sumèŒ… d'un voyage vers Le RIU Palace Macao       PLAYA  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>yvan1000
<Content>TrçŒ«s content ! Sept 2006 (de Braine-l'alleud, Belgique)   showReview(5895609, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TOSCANE
<Content>magnifique infrastructure   showReview(5550687, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>das hotel hat stark abgebaut   showReview(4826009, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

