<Author>MoodyR
<Content>A near perfect hotel in the heart of Tokyo       The Club Deluxe room - The food presentation table at the Club Lounge  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FredTravelVa
<Content>Very Luxurious - First Class The Ritz-Carlton Tokyo is a superb, resort-quality hotel. The fitness center and pool are truly luxurious. The main bar/gathering area offer a breath-taking view of Tokyo. The restaurant does a first-class job. The rooms are opulent. In short, you are treated like royalty at this hotel. No complaints, and I am picky.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SpauldingRI
<Content>Supreme Luxury Amazing. Perfect. Flawless. Stayed on The Club Floor and was treated like Royalty. The highest Standards in Sheets, Bed was sooo Comfy and the Staff friendly. This is an Amazing City and A True Six Star Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JT14
<Content>Fantastic We spent three nights at the Ritz Carlton and - I should declare - got a great room upgrade. However, I will try not to let it cloud my comments.This is an excellent hotel - extremely hard to fault. I stayed at this hotel and one of the Four Seasons during my trip to Tokyo so I have a benchmark also. Also, I am not a historic fan of Ritz Carlton - their other hotels like the Arts in Barcelona have generally disappointed me. Plus points:- views are stunning from every aspect- rooms are packed with good gadgets (TV in bath etc.)- spa is of very high standard- service is pretty much flawless- not expensive for the standard. Extras etc are fairly priced. I personally dislike when good hotels just gouge on little things. The Ritz Carlton doesn't. Negatives:- broadband wifi is very slow- they add a service charge to the room. I wish they would put it in the room rate (which was reasonable). For me, there is something annoying about increasing the rate by 10% at check out.- breakfast is not very calming. The restaurant is rather narrow and cramped around the breakfast buffet. So you get buzz and views. But not a relaxing way to start the day.- downside on being on 45+ floor is that you get no fresh air without a 10 minute walk.Not sure whether it is a positive or negative but, on arriving at the Four Season in Chinzan-So, I then realised how anywhere the Ritz is. It is beautiful but not distinctly Japanese. It attracts a more metropolitan local clientele.Really recommend it. Had a great stay.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>richb0510
<Content>5 star service but some silly pricing options This hotel is in the fabulous up coming Rappongi area of Tokyo mid town. Its a stunning hotel (think Bulgari showroom) with amazing views of the city from all the rooms.Great breakfast buffet and good bar food ( but very expensive for example the 拢75 burger!)Rooms are large with very comfortable beds.Two irritating niggles - they charge hotel guests to use the hotel pool changing facilities and in the evening make a cover charge for the bar (as there is live entertainment - well if thats whats its called). Why nickel and dime when they could charge more for the rooms and nobody would notice. Silly policy from an otherwise sensible hotel group.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CDUB212121
<Content>smooth sailing The goodThe bed was so comfortable, the room, especially the bathroom had plenty of room. The location is perfect if you are a tourist because you are walking distance from Ropangi and multiple subway stops. We asked for some directions and the concierge was so helpful with the map and made excellent suggestionsThe Bad, The cover charge for the lobby bar for a hotel guest is not cool. The pool is nothing special. The Ritz offers late night in room massages but our masseuses were not as professional as you would expect from the Ritz. They opened our mini bar and got themselves drinks!!!! Overall It was not the best place ever, but a really solid showing and a place I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>seat_1A_traveller
<Content>Perfect We have stayed twice this year at the RC Tokyo. Both visits were perfect.Our first visit to the RC Tokyo was also our first visit to Japan. We arrived at Tokyo鈥檚 Narita Airport minus our baggage due to the incompetence of British Airways!After spending over an hour filling in lost luggage forms we finally made our way to the Arrival Concourse.We had thought about getting the Limousine Bus from the Airport to the Hotel as this seemed the easiest option without getting a taxi or hotel car service which were both very expensive.I have no problem paying good money for services when they represent good value but 拢180 for a one way transfer from the airport to the hotel is not good value when you can get there via public transport for about 拢25.We approached the desk for the limousine bus and enquired about the journey to be told there wasn鈥檛 another bus to our hotel for nearly 2 hours as they are timed to coincide with arrivals. Unfortunately they aren鈥檛 timed to coincide with British Airways losing your baggage and having to stay behind filling forms in.We therefore decided to make our way to the Narita Express Train. This is just one of a number of train services that operate from the airport to different parts of Tokyo.We approached one of the automated ticket machines and followed the instructions. Simple enough, or so we thought. We then approached the ticket inspection only to be stopped and told we had only purchased a reservation and not the actual ticket.We did read up about this before we left the UK but of course after a long flight and problems on arrival we had gone and forgotten. We went back and this time went to the staffed ticket desk, there we were greeted by the always fantastically pleasant member of staff who issued us an additional ticket and off we went.The Narita Express train station is directly under the terminal, there are two stations, one at each of the two terminals and it is just as easy as the Heathrow Express. The noticeable difference is that the staff are friendly, helpful and the trains are spotless and leave bang on time.Our journey into Tokyo was quite long, about 60 minutes, through typical industrial land until you reach the outskirts of Tokyo itself when you start to see the bright neon lights, even in the middle of the afternoon.On arrival at Tokyo Station we disembarked our train into a station that handles over 4,000 train journeys a day. If you think of the size of the new St Pancras, plus the size of Kings Cross, plus the size of Euston then you will be getting near to the size of Tokyo Station. The station is located in the Marunouchi business district near the Imperial Palace and the Ginza shopping area. The station handles most of the Shinkansen (Bullet) High Speed Trains, Local and Regional Commuter Trains as well as the Tokyo Metro (Underground) network.If you intend to use the train, then there is one piece of advice I would recommend before travelling to Japan and that is to get hold of a Map of Tokyo Station before you leave. You will defiantly need it otherwise you will never get out of the station.Thankfully the RC Tokyo were kind enough to post us in advance a copy of the map and with that in hand we tried to find our way to the Metro Station.Even with a map we had to ask several people before we finally ended up in the right location. (A big thank you to everyone that helped!).If you intend to get to the RC Tokyo by Metro then you need the Marunouchi Line (Red Colour) from Tokyo Station, one stop getting off at Ginza where you change to the Hibiya Line (Silver Colour) from Ginza to Roppongi (4 Stops).The next problem was getting a ticket. We were at the entrance to a long corridor leading down to the Marunouchi Metro Line from within the Station. There were ticket machines all around us and also ticket booths.We assumed we needed a ticket from one of these booths to be able to get on the train, wrong!, if you see the green machines with JR or Japan Rail on them then these are for the Commuter Trains not the Metro.Continue down the corridor and eventually you will reach the main Metro Station Concourse where there are a large number of automated ticket machine (they take coins and notes) where you can purchase a ticket.The first time you use the metro the best options is to purchase the cheapest ticket then when you arrive at your destination, just insert your ticket; it will tell you if there is an excess fare to pay. If there is just look for the machine marked 鈥淓xcess Fares鈥?or similar. Just insert your ticket and it will tell you how much to pay.The good thing with the ticket machines is that you can put your ticket in any way you like and it always takes it and produces it at the top, perfectly pressed and facing the right way, go on try it (the simple things always amaze!).On arrival at Roppongi station you will be greeted with numerous exits. If you take any of them you will end up right in the middle of a busy street with your entire luggage, instead follow the signs for connections to the Odeo line. You will basically walk along nice wide underground walkways until you see the signs for the Midtown Shopping Complex, follow these signs and you will arrive into an upmarket shopping centre where you should start to pick up signs for the Ritz Carlton. Keep making your way to the outside plaza where you will find the Ritz Carlton entrance in the corner.This is a side entrance but it certainly beats walking all the way round the complex to get to the main car entrance.From the side entrance you follow the signs to the lift and make your way up to the 42 floor, this is where the main lobby and reception is located and where the Ritz Carlton Luxury begins.As soon as we walked out of the lifts we were greeted by members of staff and escorted to the reception desk. As you take the short walk to reception you start to notice something very special. Every member of staff in the lobby seems to stop and bow at you, a polite bow back is greeted with a second bow and a smile of appreciation.At reception the escorting member of staff introduced us to the reception team, all of which bowed again and we were then welcomed by Josephine the Rooms Division Manager (on secondment from the RC Hong Kong whilst it undergoes renovation).As soon as we gave our names we were immediately recognised as being resident on the Ritz Carlton Club Floor and we were escorted up to the Club Lounge (53rd Floor) by a member of staff who then introduced us to the Club Lounge staff who handled our check in.We were immediately offered a complimentary drink, we both chose their recommended Cherry Blossom Cocktail which was champagne with a delicate taste of cherry, very welcoming after the long journey. We were also given some hot towels to refresh ourselves.The check in process was perhaps not as quick as some of the more business orientated hotels but it was certainly more luxurious and relaxing with everything being handled for you whilst you enjoy your refreshments and a view of Mount Fuji from what is Japans tallest building.When we were ready we were escorted to our room. The member of staff introduced us to the facilities and checked to see if there was anything else we needed. They had already picked up on the fact we had only two small bags and asked if our luggage had been lost, from that moment they handled everything with British Airways, telephoning them constantly for the five days we were without luggage. They even communicated with our next hotel the Ritz Carlton in Osaka and made sure they were aware of the situation offering to transport the luggage on should it arrive.The room we had booked was a Club Deluxe Room, again located on the 53rd floor just round from the club lounge.The room itself was fantastic and very well furnished. The hotel was celebrating its first birthday whilst we were there and they provided us with a bottle of very nice Bordeaux together with a RC Tokyo 1st Birthday Corkscrew in a small presentation box and some delicious chocolate truffles.The room itself had two large double beds (American sized doubles), these were of the usual high RC quality, two large wardrobes one with a laptop safe the other with integral drawers and a valet box for your overnight shoe shine.In the entrance hallway there was a side unit containing not a mini bar like some 5 star hotel provide, the RC provides an honesty bar build into the unit with fridge containing everything from the finest Remy Cognac through to the classic Japanese Sake, next to the fridge were drawers full of fine red wine, a selection of different snacks together with the facilities to mix your own cocktail.On top of the unit was a traditional Japanese tea set, the rest of the equipment such as kettle and tea or coffee, were located inside the unit.There was an additional unit inside the bedroom which contained a 40鈥?Sony Bravia LCD TV with the normal interactive functions such as internet access, movies, music, etc.The room also contained a decent sized desk together with two desk chairs, lamp, stationary, power outlets including international adaptors, etc.There was also a coffee table together with a selection of western and Japanese periodicals including a book (together with a detailed map) about the sculpture / public art around the Midtown area (worth a walk around to get your bearings).The bedside tables contain a good bedside lamp together with an electronic control panel; this controls the curtains, the blind and all of the room lighting including the bathroom. It also has a do not disturb button which puts a little red light on the door outside.The bathroom was huge, bigger than the whole room at a recent supposed five star hotel we stayed at in Manchester.You enter the bathroom through a pair of wooden double doors, inside there are two large vanity units each with its own wash basin and set of drawers containing towels, hair dryer, various toiletries such as toothbrush and paste, hair brush, mouthwash, body location, mending kit, etc.There is a large deep bath that has the perfect recline for enjoying a glass of wine whilst you relax watching the TV. Yes the bathroom has its own 20鈥?LCD TV. Not only that but like all technology in Japan, it far exceeds our own TV鈥檚 in Britain because this TV just like the one in the bedroom can at the press of a button translate everything that is said into another language. I don鈥檛 just mean subtitles, it mutes out the normal speech and replaces it with that of your chosen language. Fantastic. Of course there is the usual selection of international channels there as well, watching BBC world presenters talking Japanese is very strange, but not as good as watching Japanese presenters talking in English.The bath has a handheld shower should you wish to wash your hair in the bath. There is also a separate shower room with large rain shower head.The bathroom toiletries on the Club Floor are all Bvlgari The Blanc (45ml bottles) which we enjoy.You may be wondering where the toilet is (or maybe not!) well once again those technology experts of Japan don鈥檛 just have toilets they have TOTO.TOTO is in its own little room. It has a heated seat, automatic flush and special 鈥渃leaning鈥?function. Think bidet, upside garden sprinkler and blow dryer all in one! All controlled from your touch button control panel. (As I previously said with the ticket machine at the Metro Station, the simple things always impress!).The bedroom also contains a small table and two arm chairs or in some rooms there is a window seat. The view out of the window is amazing; we looked right down over the Imperial Palace and most of Tokyo.I am told that the rooms at the RC Tokyo are the largest in Tokyo, I don鈥檛 know how true this is as we haven鈥檛 staid anywhere else in Tokyo but they certainly compare well with other 5 Star Deluxe Hotels we have stayed in.Back to the Club Lounge, this is open I believe from as early as 6am through to about 10pm, every day of the week.The lounge provides complimentary refreshments throughout the day including a breakfast buffet of western and Asian foods, mid morning cakes and coffee, a light buffet lunch selection, an excellent afternoon tea buffet, an evening pre dinner canap茅 selection followed by late evening drinks and desserts.The buffet always contained a mixture of western and Asian foods and it was constantly restocked. If you are only a light eater then there is more than enough to provide for you throughout your stay. We did find that late evening we were wishing for something a little more substantial so we did use room service a couple of times.The food is all presented on a large central tables and a number of side tables. You are requested to help yourself from the buffet. Drink orders are taken from you by the Ladies and Gentlemen serving in the lounge and they are then brought to your table.Champagne (I am unsure of the vintage) is free flowing so feel free to ask for it. There is a selection of different loose leaf tea and coffee is also available at anytime and is served in the finest Wedgewood china.The lounge contains a selection of sofas, comfy chairs and tables together with a small library area with newspapers and magazines as well as coffee table books. A rare Wedgwood Portland vase is on the book case.The lounge staff will do anything for you and provide all of the normal concierge services you would expect.After your first introduction at check-in it appears that every member of staff remembers your name and always makes you feel welcome.The problem we had was we only had the clothes we had travelled in together with a pair of jeans each in our hand luggage. The staff were very understanding of this and didn鈥檛 mind us using the lounge for the time being in our jeans and trainers.I would say that I would not personally as a guest like people to use the hotel or the lounge with such clothes in an evening. Whilst T-Shirts and Jeans are fine for sightseeing they do lower the class of a hotel in an evening. With this in mind we set about finding some suitable clothes and went into the shopping centre next door. The problem we had was that Japanese clothing sizes don鈥檛 quite accommodate our western physiques!We therefore went back into the hotel we were again immediately greeted by Josephine who instantly recognised us. We told her of our predicament and she immediately sprung into action by ringing round clothing stores for us. She then provided us with a clear map and directions together with opening times and escorted us down to the main entrance.Within a few hours we at least had a change of clothes we could use within the hotel without feeling too out of place. We just had to pray the holiday insurance would pay out as the Japanese prices for clothes were worse than Sloan Square!We enjoyed room service a number of times throughout our stay, on each occasion the food was delivered quickly and presented on a small dining table brought to our room all set up for dinner together with starched white table cloth, small square vase with an flower in, cut crystal glassware etc.The food was very fresh and of excellent quality and quantity, kept hot in special heated boxes so none of the problems of cold food like some hotels seem to be good at!It was also explained to us on each occasion to phone down and they will remove the table straight away as they knew they can sometimes get in the way. We tested it and within 3 minutes of the call it was gone!I did use the hotel gym during our stay; it certainly puts every UK gym I have ever been to shame. The gym is located on the 54th floor and has all the latest Life Style fitness equipment, together with a warming up area, smith machine, benches, free weights, barbells, dumbbells and a varied selection of resistance machines. The cardio machines overlook the City skyline and have televisions built into the machine showing the same channels as in the bedrooms together with various western and Asian music channels and radio stations. All the gym staff are friendly and approachable and welcome and greet you personally whilst you are in the gym (at shift changes new staff even greeted me)If you are in any difficulty whilst in the gym, there are discreet camera dotted around the suite, so if you are in any difficulty whatsoever, a member of staff will appear and help you; I was having difficulty in using the Smith machine and after several minutes on working how to screw more weights onto the machine, a member of staff appeared and helped me.Throughout our stay the hotel staff were fantastic, they anticipated our needs at all times such as providing double the amount of toiletries on the second day as they had found out our bags were still missing.Perfect. Harmony in a very busy City.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lana02
<Content>Perfect! Came back from Japan last week. We stayed in Ritz Tokyo for 3 nights and it was absolutely PERFECT! The Hotel, Service, Room, Breakfast... Everything was impeccable.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beard3894
<Content>Superb 5 star experience This hotel is truly first class. Rooms, public areas and facilities are faultless and the service is everything you would expect from a top Ritz Carlton. It is very expensive - but like anything in life you get what you pay for. The highlight of the stay for me was using the spa - it was the best massage experience I have had anywhere in the world. Again it was expensive but just amazing - particularly the thoughtful little touches before you go for your treatment. Hotel location is ideal to explore Tokyo with plenty of good restaurants and bars nearby, and some of the best shopping in town in the building below. The only (minor) irritation was being expected to pay US$25 (ish) to sit in the bar in the evening and listen to music. That seemed somewhat rude given guests were paying a minimum of US$600 a night!!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tanseaway
<Content>A wonderful example of the best of Ritz-Carlton Just stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Tokyo a few days ago on vacation in Tokyo. It's one of a group of new ultra-luxury hotels above Tokyo's traditional 5-star stalwarts (i.e. the Imperial hotel and its ilk) that have opened in recent years. It's quite new - it just opened last year. Its location is excellent - it is part of the Tokyo Midtown complex, which includes a swanky shopping centre. Midtown is in Roppongi, Tokyo's entertainment district for foreigners and expat types. The Roppongi subway station is connected to Midtown by underground passages - approximately a 5-minute walk from the hotel.Reception staff at check-in were courteous as only the Japanese can be, and efficient. The concierge staff were very helpful and knowledgeable. All front desk staff spoke excellent English.Hotel decor is typical of Ritz-Carlton hotels - both in the lobby and in the rooms. Lots of wood and some classic details. Zen and modern it is not. The rooms are huge and the view of the city was fantastic as the hotel starts from Level 45 of an office tower. Cleanliness was utterly impeccable - as one would expect of a Japanese hotel. The beds were superb. Bathrooms had separate shower stalls and rain showers. Of course, typical Japanese standards of service were found in every corner of the hotel - i.e. attentive and courteous beyond what one might encounter outside Japan. In conclusion, this hotel is costly, but it delivers in spades. If you can bite the bullet, this hotel is a fabulous choice.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BigBlueOcean7
<Content>Wonderful week in July What a wonderful hotel. Nestled above the Tokyo skyline, we enjoyed our honeymoon at this lavish hotel. They seem to think of everything: from the little things like the umbrellas, printing a map when you ask directions from the concierge, the two sets of toiletries in the huge bathrooms, and the greetings from all the staff.The in-room coffee  tea was continually stocked and they daily placed a grapefruit daily. The TV was very high tech too. I was able to attach my computer at the desk and view the screen on the large flat screen TV to enjoy our day's photos.The linens were so luxurious that I could have slept all day. Tokyo was waiting to be explored so I had to settle with naps to deal with the time change.The location was pretty good. Lots of shopping just downstairs so you could get food and other goods easily. Try the food court in the Roponggi.I would definitely recommend this hotel to others. Be prepared to spend though. Luckily I had some Marriott points that I had saved for the entire week.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jarusoba
<Content>Nice 5-star in Tokyo       View from window  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nikken
<Content>The best in Tokyo I have stayed at all the main competitors; Park Hyatt, Grand Hyatt, Mandarin, Peninsula, Four Seasons, etc. These are all very good hotels but I think the Ritz-Carlton is now the best, its my favourite anyway. The Tokyo Midtown development sets an example to the rest of the world on how to successfully combine shops, offices, cafe/restuarants. And on top you have the Ritz-Carlton hotel with the most amazing views above Tokyo. Location: if you have business in Akasaka area then the location is fine, if however your business is in Marunouchi then you're looking at a 30mins taxi ride; for this area the Peninsula is best located (and to a degree the Mandarin). At night you will be happy that you are staying at the Ritz-Carlton as you can just stumble back from Roppongi... it's just a 5mins walk from the roppongi crossingRoom: the Millenia suite is big with its own living area. It feels generously spaced to give that extra luxury feeling. Excellent bathroom. But the views! The panorama is just breathtaking. I spent one very early morning (jetlagged) watching the sunrise over tokyo, very memorable. Service: Very good as you would expect. I treated myself to the rolls-royce transfer to and from the airport - which was fantastic. I left something valuable in my room (my watch) and only realised when we got to the airport. The hotel mailed it to me and i got it safe and sound a few days later.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bocae
<Content>One Word - FABULOUS Stayed at the RC Club Level for 7 nights in Tokyo. From the moment we checked in (over a glass of champagne in the Club) until check out (when the Club Concierge saw us off at the entrance) it was a wonderful stay. Large, clean rooms with every convenience as well as the best views in Tokyo. The Club staff met our every need (arranged tours, dinners, etc) and provided us with an excellent selection of high quality food items. Top notch in every respect. Don't miss this one!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlainDV
<Content>Heavenly Tokyo Combine the Japanese obsession with perfection and the Ritz Carlton inclination for glitz and opulence and you get the feel for what the RC Tokyo is all about. This is the best hotel we have ever stayed in. We stayed on the club floor which is on the 53d floor (highest) of the tallest building inTokyo. Our large room had views over the Tokyo bay, the Tokyo Tower and even the Imperial palace gardens. The club lounge serves fine food and drinks all day, incl French champagne, albeit that the food presentations are less lavish than in the RC Osaka. There is an amazing pool on the 46th floor.The service on the club floor is outstanding. We were never room xxx, always Mr D.or Mrs D. The hotel is located near Ropponggi, the night life area, but also to certain business districts and is in fact just next to the Mori building which houses Goldman Sachs and some other banks; but is some 15+min away by taxi from the Ginza shopping district. Yet who wants to shop in Tokyo?The hotel is certainly expensive, but esp. on the club floor you get an amazing experience, at least if you are a leisure traveller and have the time to enjoy the hotll's facilities.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BENLEE123
<Content>A Good Ritz Carlton       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>DTriggs
<Content>Amazing new hotel with the best views in town I just cant see how you could fault or even doubt the service. It was not only faultless but fantastically excellent. The only small thing I could comment on is the lobby on 45th so 2 lifts to get to your room - but then the lifts are so fast I am sure it is quicker than a normal hotel anyway ! Conciege is the best ever, and the other services are perfect, incl the Spa which is very good.. The hotel is dramatic from the first entrance and I love it. I have stayed at all the major hotels in Tokyo and this beats them all. Grand Hyatt ???? Rooms much smaller, and more expensive.I have paid usd450 through the website so cannot see how you spent usd1000. At usd1000 I would feel a little hard done by. But where else do you find a usd20,000 cocktail on sale ? My review is over the top but so is the hotel. I dont work there or have any affiliation.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerExp
<Content>Great Views but.......... The Ritz -Carlton, Tokyo I must say has if not the best views of any hotel in the city. The location of the hotel is great. Located near major business districts. Rooms were comfortable. I was suprised though at the level of service. Paying almost 1000 USD for the room for a night I thought the service level was average. Being on the Club Floor I was surprised at how little interaction there was with the staff. I thought they would be a little more helpful during the stay. Overall, if it weren't for the views I wouldn't pay that much money again for the room. The service level of the staff could be brought up a little higher.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>JIMBOKLA
<Content>Fabulous Hotel   showReview(7714376, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>princess00
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Top notch bathroom  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>snickyla
<Content>Best Ritz Ever!   showReview(7404949, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manu_gwada
<Content>UN HOTEL MERVEILLEUX       Le Jacuzzy  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>銇裤亙銇俱伨
<Content>娲楅潰鎵€銇岋紥銇ゃ倐銇傘倠銇伅銇┿亞銇椼仸锛?#x201d;   showReview(23060987, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hir(^0^)
<Content>銇俱仧瀹挎硦銇椼仧銇勶紒   showReview(20995000, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kaikun
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣銇屾渶楂橈紒   showReview(20714649, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>钀屻仭銈冦倱
<Content>銈儵銉栥儠銉偄銇礌鏅淬倝銇椼亜   showReview(19508530, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

