<Author>JoeJourneys
<Content>Pleased with the Acro Hotel Amsterdam       Twin Room on the 4th floor  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Stranger_Denmark
<Content>Friendly staff, comfortable room, great location I stayed here (alone) for three nights a few weeks ago. I needed a friendly, comfortable, inexpensive place to stay while I explored Amsterdam and that is exactly what I got. The free wireless internet (you must bring your own laptop) was a great bonus! Good value for the money.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>gonesailingagain
<Content>Acro suited us fine Short three day stay at the Acro. Ideal if your on a budget. Great location in nice area of town, near the museums and up-market shopping. Budget flight into Amsterdam, easy train ride from airport. Walked from the station to the Acro...nice stroll, but only had hand luggage. Hotel easy to find, clean, small rooms but all you need really. Breakfast plentiful and fresh, in small downstairs room, a bit busy at times but cosy.Staff friendly and helpful, bar open all hours. For a short break, somewhere to set up base, well recommended.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ColmDAthlone
<Content>Good, clean, simple accommodation in a nice easy location. There's no escaping the fact that this is not a full service luxury hotel but if your budget is important then this should be a serious contender in Amsterdam.Like other reviewers have said this is not a hotel for a quiet weekend. There were two stag parties and a group of Scottish lads staying the weekend I was there. They didn't disturb me and it made the bar lively at night. The rooms themselves are small but functional. Bathroom was big enough and the shower was plenty powerful. The reception staff were very helpful and were willing to book taxi's restaurants etc.Overall I just can't fault it. I don't think I could have found better for 66 euro a night.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ellainec
<Content>Nice comfortable hotel I have just returned from a couple of nights in Amsterdam. Couldnt fault the hotel, basic but clean and in a really good location. Rooms were small, however we didnt spend that much time in it The staff were all very friendly and ready to help with any queries. I would recommend this hotel, good as a base to explore. Please be aware of the steps to breakfast room very steep.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>summertr
<Content>Appreciation I greatly appreciate the hospitality, professionality and kindness of Acro's Staff. I felt almost at home during my stay. I l谋ked adorable Amterdam and the Dutch a lot. I'll keep all these good memories all my life. Thanks AcroT眉lin Y谋lmaz from Turkey  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>peternwalker
<Content>OK, but poor sound isolation Booked two double the Acro for two nights as a late choice, the Bellevue being fully booked and other central hotels just being so much more expensive given the decline of the pound against the Euro. As usual for this price range in Amsterdam the double rooms were tiny, only one person being able to move around at a time, but clean and comfortable. Shower room was OK, but so cramped use of the WC was difficult and a non-mixer style shower meant that constant adjustment was required. Overall the hotel is a tad on the shabby side, particularly the lift and stairs, but there is a clean spacious breakfast room that could cope with the nine o鈥檆lock rush! Breakfast is included in the room price, and is a an very adequate selection of cold meats, cheeses, breads, breakfast cereals and excellent coffee. Staff were friendly and helpful throughout our stay.We were concerned at large stag party booking in ahead of us, particularly as the hotel boasts a 24-hour bar, but the management were very quick to resolve noise issues (hip-hop music in the adjacent room on a stag party return at 05:30 on Sunday morning). This highlighted the worst aspect of this hotel, the almost total lack of sound insulation between rooms. Location is not ideal for the central area, being a tram stop from Leidseplein, but trams are very regular so not really a problem up to around 00:30 鈥?and the Rijksmuseum is literally a minutes walk away.Overall reasonable value for money, and would certainly stay again, but given a choice I would plump for the Bellevue which is a similar price but more central, more recently refurbished and has better inter-room acoustic isolation.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	4	5	

<Author>xkelzox
<Content>What a Blast me and my partner stayed in the hotel acro for 3 nights we found it a nice and relaxing place room was small but cosy for 2 of us breakfast was pleasent enough but got to get down early for a seat we are coming back to amsterdam in august and will definately be staying in the hotel acro been to amsterdam twice this year the 1st time we stayed along by damm square i prefer being away from all the hustle and bustle i liked it better so much more relaxed and vondel parks just a stone through away from hotel and its gd for just chilling having a few beers and watching the world go by a love amsterdam so much a will defo be a regular visitor just the place to be mind you you have to be open minded bout everythingthats what a like bout the place anything goes and the dutch people are so nice and chilled out unlike the spanish give me the damm over spain anytime cant wait to be back have fun if you are going am sure you will cmon holland for euro 2008 scotland no in it so am supporting holland  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>PaulMcGlossop
<Content>Nice Place A group of four married couples stayed at this hotel and all were in agreement that the Acro was a very good choice. We were all on a budget and wanted to spend as little time as possible sat in our hotel rooms. Amsterdam is such a fantastic place to visit and all we really needed was somewhere to put our belongings when we arrived, then a clean, tidy and secure place to sleep and get ready in. The Acro was very clean both in all of the public areas and in the rooms also. There are lifts to all floors, they provided a really good breakfast and there is even a nice little residents bar in order that we all had somewhere to meet before going out.The rooms are very small and for anyone over 6 feet tall make sure the bed in your room is big enoughThe hotels location is excellent, in a residential street next to the musuem and around the corner from Vondel Park. The number 2  5 tram stops are 100 yards away as is the 358 night bus stop.The reception staff were all very helpful and i would definately stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LLS1
<Content>Good Location Horrible Noise I would only recommend this hotel for people in their late teens/early 20s who want a step above a hostel and don't mind a noisy hotel. This hotel is in a good location near Museumplein and a tram stop. However, the accomodations are very basic -- like a university dorm room. The breakfast that came with the room was nice. The front desk staff was fine. The one computer with Internet access was down.We had no air conditioning, so we had to open the windows. Although the hotel is on a quiet residential street, occupants of our hotel and others on the street made noise at all ours of the night. We were several floors up from the street, so that didn't make a difference in noise reduction. Noisy drunken partiers kept us up all night. Closing windows and using air conditioning might have helped, but that wasn't an option available. The fire alarm also went off in the middle of the night because of someone smoking in their room. After two nights with several hours of screaming, laughing and talking keeping us awake for hours, we checked out and into the Amsterdam Mariott for 4 more peaceful evenings.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>RoyScat
<Content>Great Hotel A great hotel overall in a great location, next to Vondelpark, really nice to walk around on a Sunday and about 60 seconds from the entrance to the Rijksmuseum.The hotel is situated in a nice residential street with lots of bars and restaurants close by, along with the fabulous American Hotel.The staff are very pleasent and helpful when required, the breakfast was plentiful with lots of choice, ok , the rooms are very small and basic, bathrooms very clean. Ideal for a short stay, would recommend.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>karthik73
<Content>Great Location but tiny room We a couple in our 30s stayed at hotel Acro fo 3 nights in the last week of April. That was during the Queens day weekend and all other hotels were fully booked. We paid an average of 120 Euros per night for the room. I was desperate and I had no other choice. In our 3 weeks of travel in France and Netherlands, this was the smallest room we stayed in (and the maximum we paid for).The room I stayed in was on the 4th floor and really tiny, more like a single room converted to a double, There was hardly any space to move about and we had a difficult time placing our luggage.But this is not Bora Bora but Amsterdam. So I guess the room size is OK because we were hardly in our room.  The hotel is so conveniently located in the museum district. You can take the Tram 5 and get off at Hobbemastraat and the hotel is 2 minutes away. The happening area that is Leidseplein is 5 minutes by walk. The hip Jordaan area is about 10 minutes by walk. So the location makes up for the small rooms.The room rate includes breakfast and I should mention that the spread is Continental ( no hot food) but quite decent. The front desk staff were very helpful. The bar in the hotel is well stocked and has the 'Amsterdam Ambience'.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Suzieq75
<Content>Perfect location, good value Location is great with the Rijk Museum at the top of the street, Vondelpark at the other end of the street and Leidesplein a couple of minutes walk away. The hotel was basic but clean and ideal for a weekend away. The only issue we had was the Borrowers upstairs, who we think were staff living on the premises who made lots of noise and would thump about and move furniture for hours on end. We complained and the issue was dealt with by the always friendly staff. Would definitely recommend for a weekend stay on a budget. I would stay again.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Arcadia1
<Content>Lovely Location and a nice clean hotel ! This does what it says on the tin (but perhaps you get a bit more too!)Its an above average two star hotel, its in a lovely location - a very nice area of the city. Easy reached by tram number 5 from central station and then you get off just at the Reiks Museum.You are close to a long road full of designer shops...so if this is your bag you will be in shoppers heaven. Also walkable distance to restaurants etc. Very close to Hard Rock Cafe.Hotel itself. Smooth check-in. reception staff friendly and helpful .......manned 24 hours. Reception area seems a bit cluttered with a UK telephone box in it and some airline seats amongst other things! Lots of reading info/free maps/and leaflets.Very steep steps up to the front of the hotel. There is a lift once inside the hotel - to the rooms, but this does not go down to the breakfast room.Breakfast. Self-Serve.Good selection of cereals, toasts, breads, ham and cheese.Eggs too if you get down early enough. (didnt see this being re-filled.)There is a small bar too which also served coffee s etc.Rooms small. Bathrooms excellent. Everything you need for a city break - as you dont spent very much time in the room anyway. Plenty of hanging space, and shelves, and even a desk with 2 chairs. Shower excellent. Room clean.We pre-booked an evening dinner canal cruise which I would highly recommend. beautiful food and wine included all evening.If you would like to book this, and/or the hotel, contact me via email as I am happy to help you out....Be aware there are lots of different cruises - all leave from opposite central station.Overall would recommend this hotel to others, as long as you realise you are heading for a 2 star I feel you will not be at all disappointed, like me you will be very pleasantly surprised !Lucy - Travel Counsellors UK  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>man-bot
<Content>Beautiful location! I stayed with my wife at the Acro in October of 2007 and we had a great time! My wife isn't very adventurous when it comes to accomodations and while the Acro is very nice, it isn't a luxury hotel either. Needless to say my wife was very happy escpecially with the neighborhood - the Museumplein is beautiful! The staff at the hotel was exceptionally accomodating - our flight got in around 2 am and they let us check in after only a short wait. They also pour a nice Heineken in the hotel bar too!In short, the hotel from a striaght accomodations point of view isn't anything special - but it is clean enough and the staff are quite helpful (overtly nice is not the way I would describe the Dutch in general - but I'm Canadian so I figure we're just pushovers here ha!) - the location is great though. Beautiful neighborhood and the trams come frequently within a 2 minute walk to wherever you'd like to go.I would stay again definitely!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Braz01
<Content>Nice place in a nice city... A group of mates had been throwing the idea of a long-weekend away and Amsterdam was choosen city. With flights booked it was just a matter of getting a hotel...normally an easy task but when you've got 14 people in the group (all wanting the hotel to be close to the city centre, cheap, clean and have friendly staff) it's not an easy task, and I seemed to have got stuck with the job. After searching the internet (and tripadvisor of course) I finally managed to find a hotel close to the city at a good price that had a good rating  could accomodate the whole group...Hotel Acro. It was a good stay with clean rooms, nice staff (who put up with few late night sessions in the hotel bar...sorry about that fellas), close to public transport (trams and buses), within walking distance of loads of sights (museumplein) as well as bars  clubs (Leidplein). An all-round nice stay really...Late note...If you want cheap transfer to the hotel from schiphol airport get a bus straight to museumplein and the hotel is less then a 5 minute walk away...i think it was the 170 bus but best to ask just to be sure...  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NY2008
<Content>I will return If you are looking to crash over night in a quiet and safe place then ACRO is the one to be. I liked the location in a quiet area and still very close to everything, including a supermarket just 3 blocks away and many trams for those which do not wish to walk. I found the staff friendly and ready to help with tourist orientation. I would return to ACRO if they keep the low rates which included also a European breakfast (cold cuts), wireless internet, and all taxes. The convenience of a 24 hours receptionist, open bar, and currency exchange is another plus.I am working in hotel business for 10 years and I know what to expect. This is a 2 stars hotel and offers everything for this category. However, the hotel is simple, not fancy, the comfort is just OK, not first class, if you are expecting more than that just go to 4-5 stars hotels. The single room size was just fine for one person (I have an average body and I can fit almost everywhere, but the big guys may have difficulties in some spaces). The linen was clean, but a little overused, which technically did not bother me.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Fue
<Content>great hotel stayed here for a weekend with a party of 12 friends.Great location  brilliant hotel for the price, would definately stay here again.Basic but very clean rooms, our ensuite room for 4 had an excellent shower  lots of towels.Lots of choice at breakfast  it was included in the price,  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>the_fowlers
<Content>Acro Hotel - A great place to stay We stayed at the Acro Hotel during a last minute trip to Amsterdam. We got ferry from Newcastle and booked our hotel through the DFDS website. I would definitely not recommend travelling via the ferry as everything was incredibly expensive yet terrible quality. When we finally got to Amsterdam we had a great time. The hotel is on a very quiet side street that is lined with trees and residential properties. It is also perfectly suited in order to get trams into the city centre. We found the trams to be incredibly convenient and a great way to cover a lot of ground. You can buy the tram cards in practically any shop, we got ours in a souvenier shop just around the corner from the hotel. The people at the hotel were incredibly friendly and full of helpful advice (they all speak English!). The breakfasts are good- usual fare: cereal, bread, cheese, toast, etc. More than adequate though. We hope to get back to Amsterdam sometime soon and will definitely be staying at Acro Hotel if we do!Regarding the city, I would skip the canal tours. They're a bit of a waste of money as you can get to everywhere the boats a lot faster by tram or by walking. Just be wary of the cyclists. It is always a good idea to look both ways several times before crossing any streets! For something a bit cheesy, we booked the 'lovers cruise' in advance which involved a 5 course meal on a canal boat at sunset and it was beautiful. The food was delicious and Amsterdam all lit up at night from the canals was quite a sight. It was a bit pricey but it we were celebrating our anniversary and thought it was definitely worth it.The Van Gogh Museum was absolutely packed. We could hardly move for all the people. If you want to visit, I would suggest going first thing in the morning, but still expect long lines! Overall Amsterdam was beautiful and the people were incredibly friendly and we had a great time.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>CherryCherryPie
<Content>Great hotel - cheap price, top location, clean, comfortable and friendly! I stayed in a twin room with a friend during February at the very reasonable price of 鈧?0 for the night. The hotel itself was literally a stones throw away from The Rijksmuseum and also the van Gogh museum yet the room seemed wonderfully quiet and calm even with the window wide open. It's also just a minutes walk from the Hobbemastraat tram stop which is serviced regularly by the number 2 and the number 5 tram from Central Station and the main city areas such as Dam Square. On arrival, half an hour earlier than check-in time, our room was already available and we were able to access it straight away. The room itself was clean and fairly narrow but there was ample space for 2 really comfortable single beds, a 2 seater desk and a wardrobe. The windows were large and airy and the hotel allowed smoking in the rooms (I'm not sure if this was true of all of the rooms so if you are a non-smoker then this may be a negative for you). The en-suite bathroom was small and space to pass by the sink was at a premium but it was functional enough with a good shower and towels provided. Breakfast is served from 7.30 - 10.00 in a good sized downstairs breakfast room. We were welcomed to have some breakfast despite not arriving until 9.55 and there was still plenty of choice with cereals, fruit salad, yoghurts, bread and preserves on offer as well as a selection of cold meats and cheeses and the usual fresh fruit juices and tea/coffee machine. The staff at reception were both friendly and helpful, offering maps and suggestions of good places to eat. On top of this, the hotel offers a luggage storage service so even after check-out, you are welcome to store your luggage leaving you free to further explore the city. Perhaps the only negative we experienced is that we would have liked to have had tea and coffee making facilities in the room itself but this is only a minor downside to a very good value for money hotel. There was also a bar within the hotel which we did not drink at but looked perfectly pleasant. I would certainly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a fairly cheap and cheerful place to stay when visiting Amsterdam.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Georgiarose
<Content>Loved the Acro We stayed here for four nights. The location was perfect for the Museums and Albert Cuyp Market and Leidseplein. Tram stop one minute walk from hotel. The rooms were compact but large enough for a short break. TV was ok plenty of English speaking channels. The bar was handy and the prices were the same as the bars outside ( 9 Euros for two pints) The breakfast was good with lovely coffee. Overall the hotel was clean very warm and reasonable value for money. Just bar in mind that Amsterdam has become very expensive to eat and drink so fill up on the hotel breakfast, it will keep you going till evening.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rivaScotland
<Content>Loved the Acro Hotel My husband and I travelled to Amsterdam and the hotel Acro with easyjet holidays. Caught the shuttle bus from airport that took us straight to our hotel (38 euro return). Check-in was swift and staff very friendly, we were given a map of Amsterdam and directions for getting into town. The hotel is in a quiet tree lined street, but only 5 minutes from the hustle and bustle of Amsterdam. Room and bathroom were small, but very clean and perfect for a 4 day trip. Breakfast was excellent.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EnglandTom
<Content>Excellent budget choice We had a clean room with four single beds for us and our two children aged 7. The room was comfortable and large enough, and the cost of 399 euros for three nights was good value. The breakfasts are fine - cereals, toast, cheese, ham, boiled eggs, and the reception staff are friendly and helpful. Location is central enough but quiet.. Recommended.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Jack_Baye
<Content>Would Certanly Stay There Again Stayed at the Acro for 4 nights over the New Year and apart from the room being small I can't really complain about anything. I have stayed in several budget hotels in Amsterdam and overall this is one of the best. It is on a quiet street yet minutes away from the hussle  bussle, and metres from the tramstop. Breakfast was as expected in Amsterdam and the hotel was clean. They have a nice bar for a nightcap and plenty of information was available at reception. A nice touch for New Year's Eve was a bottle of bubbly in each room. Another visit to Amsterdam is pending this Autumn and I'll certainly look to see if the Acro is available.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>jay379
<Content>Great Place!!! I stayed here from the 26nov-29nov and had a great time. The location of this place is fantastic. Right across the street from the Rijksmuseum  only a 5 minute walk to the Van Gogh. Leidseplein area only about a 10 minute walk or 5 minute tram. It's a great place if you want to come back to quiet/safe location after all the craziness of Amsterdam. The stairs are pretty steep, but this is Amsterdam and typical. There is a lift, but it's real small and can fit 3 people at a time. The staff were helpful if I had any questions. The double room was pretty small, but more than adequate. Shower worked pretty good, but the drain was slow and water would build up. Rooms did kind of smell like smoke, but this is Amsterdam. TV had a good number of channels. Overall a good place to come back to after a day/night out in the Dam. Place felt very secure and reception do ask for your key when you leave, but are around 24hrs a day. I do have to admit this place is not for everybody. If you want room service, bell boy, big beds and big lifts book elsewhere. If you are on a budget and are looking for a good budget option, I would recommend the Acro.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Haymusos
<Content>Perfect Location! I'd really put some hours into looking for a great place to stay....and found it! Personally we wanted somewhere which was not too far away from the vibey areas, easy to get to, safe and relatively quiet (we appreciate good sleep!). After being warned about taxis charging dearly we opted for the cheaper option of getting the train from Schiphol airport to the central train station. We then bought tickets for the tram (really cheap and easy!) and arrived at our destination stress free. It was a couple of minutes walk to the hotel from our tram stop. Yes the steps are steep to the hotel and the rooms are tiny but we'd expected that judging by other comments. What we loved was the friendliness of the hotel staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, the INCREDIBLE shower, the great breakfast (lots of it...and very nice coffee!!) the quietness of the rooms (we were at the back of the hotel on the top floor which probably helped) and the generally nice and peaceful situation. It was a 5 minute walk to the very cool Leidseplein. Enjoyed many a great cocktail at the Cafe Americain (beautiful art deco). Lots of great restaurants and bars on your doorstep. We didn't always take the tram as it was so easy to walk around Amsterdam. You could be in the red light district within 20-30 mins. Although we loved walking around the rest of Amsterdam we were glad of the location of our hotel. A very welcome place to stay. Well done!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mpconway
<Content>hotel is good location hotel has good location. receptionists are not friendly though. the rooms are okay and clean although no preference was given for non-smoking rooms.all rooms are smoking rooms. stairs were horrible and unsafe, especially if there's gonna be fire...breakfast was okay in the hotel...  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>cinnamon23
<Content>Great Located very conveniently near the museums, and near everything else if you like walking. The rooms are pretty small, though, just fits the double sizes bed, a table and some cabinets. Breakfast was good, service also good. Will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Helen008
<Content>Fabulous We have stayed at the Acro for four years running it is in the best location for visiting the Liedseplein area which has numerous bars and restaurants plus a comedy club!! The Hard Rock Cafe is wonderful right on one of the canals where you can sip beer listen to good music and watch the world go by.The hotel is very clean and comfortable the staff are great always welcoming, the breakfast is not your full english but there is plenty of it so you don't go hungry. Its great having a bar for the late night caps and early drinks in the evening.All in all a perfect hotel for a fantastic city break in a city which has so much to offer.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tynka_26
<Content>Loved the guys at the reception... :)       Acro Hotel  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>echo10
<Content>Good Location but basic Stayed for 4 days in triple room. The room, although clean was very basic and the beds were very small. The rooms did have their own bathrooms and the showers were good! It reminded me of a hostel. The location of the hotel was good - very close to museums in a quiet tree lined road. Breakfast was average. Some of the staff were very abrupt and not at all helpful, whilst others were fine.Overall, would not stay in this hotel again - would look for better class hotel in similar area.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>enginersoz
<Content>very good hotel This hotel have a very small but well organized and well equipment rooms. Location is great (near the rijkmuseum) Staff is friendly. Hotel is very silent in the night. Breakfast is very good for small amsterdam hotels. Rooms and bed certainly clean. We will reccomend this hotel because of reasonable price and central location.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>wwithers
<Content>smart choice       bathroom  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>leehem
<Content>all the right stuff! THEY DO HAVE AN ELEVATOR/LIFT, which you will want to use because the stairs are a study in verticality. The Acro may not be fancy, but if you want a great value, location, breakfast, helpful, English speaking staff and comfortable bed, you won't be disappointed. My husband and I just stayed here for the first and last nights of our European travel. It had the best breakfast of any hotel or B  B we stayed at - hard boiled eggs, meat, cheese, fruit, yogurt, plenty of coffee, juice cereal, toast, etc. They also had the best shower of any place we stayed. The rooms are very efficiently arranged so that even though they are not overly large, there is sufficient room for you and your baggage. My only wish is that the smell of cigarette smoke was not so strong, but if you're going to Europe you need to get used to that! There is a also a bar for a relaxing beer or wine at the end of your day.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2nitesSF
<Content>good, cheap place My husband and I stayed here while we visited Amsterdam in 2005. It was perfect for what we needed - a place to keep our stuff and sleep. Our room was TINY but has its own bathroom. Thin walls but still pretty quiet (our room was at the back of the hotel). EXCELLENT location - steps to museums and parks and easy walking distance to everything else. We absolutely loved Amsterdam and would recommend this place for anyone looking for an inexpensive, clean place to stay - but definitely don't expect any extras (besides European breakfast). No elevator as I recall.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Leepodstar
<Content>Good Hotel to be based       Canal view...never!?!?  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>NicL
<Content>Central but basic Good location, not far to walk to all the good bits. Room very basic and tatty as was the hotel. None of this seemed to matter when we stumbled back in the early hours. Breakfast adequate. Price was good though but would almost certainly not stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	3	4	3	1	

<Author>Adoran45
<Content>Small, Clean, good location We stayed at the Acro from sunday through tuesday. The room was small but clean, the bathroom was also small but clean - though this is what you should expect in Amsterdam (size wise anyhoo). The shower was *great* very good pressure and hot hot hot water. The breakfast was good - though the breakfast room can get very crowded. The little bar is not bad either, handy for a drink while waiting on my wife to get ready. The location is pretty much right beside the Rikesmuseum so Leidseplein is 5 minutes away, as is the Vondelpark. Staff were good too, and recommended a great seafood place (Bark). Would stay again. Minor gripe - the tv remote is kept at reception, and 4 floors is a long way to go when you forget!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>tinpot
<Content>Exceptional Staff 20 - 22 Aug 07Hotel Acro is in an excellent location on a quiet leafy street. It is very close to trams 2  5 which take you into the central area and only a 5 minutes walk from Leidesplein. The staff were all exceptionally helpful, spoke good English and provided a high standard of service throughout our stay. The rooms are small and plain but spotlessly clean. Our beds were comfortable and there was plenty of hot water for the powerful shower. Walls between some rooms are thin which means you may hear other guests. Our first night we were kept awake by noisy neighbours but the Night Porter came up and told them to quieten down . Next morning we were moved to a different room and had no problem at all with noise on the second night.Plenty of food available at breakfast, all fresh and delicious. We went down about 9.45 and there was no problem with seating in the breakfast room at that time.We were grateful for the lift as the steepness of the stairs had to be seen to be believed. You do have to negotiate a small but steep staircase down to the breakfast room which could be a problem for anyone with mobility problems.It was our first visit to Amsterdam but it won't be our last. I would recommend Hotel Acro for a short break where you just need a clean, safe base from which to enjoy the city.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pink_Mink
<Content>A great hotel for the weekend tourist I stayed at the Acro for two nights as part of a group of eight friends. The rooms were clean, bright and well presented.The staff were friendly and spoke perfect English. Breakfast consisted of cereal, toast, fruit and coffee/tea.It was perfect for a short weekend break and is situated within walking distance of a tram and bus stop.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Vic-and-Ian
<Content>Great location and price Pleasantly surprised that this hotel had a decent, clean room and good breakfast in the morning for the price. The location was very good being right next to the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum and also on the shuttlebus link from the Airport too. The only downside was the room was slightly small - enough room to walk between the bed and a small table - but perfect if you're only there to sleep. Would stay there again happily and would reccomend to friends.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>westbury
<Content>Loved the Acro We have just spent a weekend at the Acro Hotel in Amsterdam. The hotel was clean, the staff friendly and helpful, and the breakfasts plentiful and fresh. This hotel is really well situated, being very near to a tram stop, and within walking distance of good places to eat and shop. It's in a quiet leafy street, and although the beds are small, the room was fine for a short stay, and the bathroom has a powerful shower, with plenty of hot water.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelingtrini
<Content>A hotel with character. My group, which consisted of my husband and our two close friends, stayed at the Acro Hotel and we truly enjoyed it. The staff was courteous, friendly and the hotel was comfortable and clean. Breakfast was included, and all in all our experience was positive. The hotel was close to a number of museums and the neighborhood was quiet and appealing. Our room was small but adequate, we had a double, but because we were out and about most of the day it did not matter. We met a number of travelers from Scotland and England and everyone seemed to like the hotel. The stairway was windy and narrow but it added to the character of the place.Everyone spoke English and the staff was helpful, and engaging. We all agreed that we would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>toasted151
<Content>good place place was spotless. Very clean. Small but brand new an spotless en suite. Ideal for traveller alone. The area i found perfect for museums/pubs etc although this is quite a distance from central station. Most of the staff where great apart from one moron working nights. The walls are thin, an the rooms small but i guess that does not matter because there is so much to do all day an night in the area. This place is also on the doorstep of all the designer shops ofamsterdam.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>ScooterLondon
<Content>Great value, great location. We had a triple room and it worked out great value for money. The room was surprisingly spacious and had loads of storage space. Bathroom was small but functional and had a fabulous power shower. Everything was clean and tidy. We didn't end up falling over each other at all. It was hot, so we had the windows open but we weren't disturbed by street noise at all. I'm 5'7 and the beds may not be great for someone too much taller than that, but at least no footboards. Breakfast was simple but good - bread, cheese, ham, coffee, juice etc, as much as you can eat. The area is great too, about 10 mins walk from Leidesplein, but only 3 tram stops if you don't feel like walking (tram stop at the end of the street). Just next to the Van Gogh and Rijks museums.I would definitely stay here again, and recommend it to friends. Made our weekend comfortable and relaxing.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Cat999
<Content>Good for the money I was dubious about booking this place after reading some reviews however booked it because we we're a group of 10 who needed cheap central accommodation. I sold it to the group that it was more hostel than hotel however it was better than a park bench. When we got there we we're all surprised, it was clean and had comfy beds. The bathrooms were absolutely fine, the hotel staff friendly and I didnt realise that you actually had to lock the bed room doors so I didnt all weekend and nothing was taken. The hotel was full but never noisy. I would definately recommend to anyone staying on a budget especially as its in a great position to get to everywhere. For 55 euros a night it was more than fine (I am usually a very fussy traveller and have stayed at some fabulous hotels around the world).  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LeMa卯tre
<Content>excelent location!!       View from my room  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>grantos3000
<Content>Budget Hotel at a Budget Price This hotel was as expected - for the price you cannot expect the Ritz, so if you are after a romantic weekend or something along those lines, I would not reccommned it, but if you are looking for somewhere with a bed that is clean this is ideal.Room was clean and modern with little or no noise from road or other rooms. Bathroom was clean and modern with good shower.Only downside was that there are no safe facilities in the room but there is a safe facility (at extra charge) from the reception. Rooms were quite small with very limited space around the beds (meaning my mate who was in the bed nearest the window cracked his shin on my bed every time he walked past!)All in all an excellent hotel if you are looking for somewhere on a budget and only really want a bed and a secure room. I do not reccomend this hotel to anyone with mobility difficulties as the breakfast room is down some typically amsterdam style steep twisting stairs with no lift. Lift access to all other floors is available.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>MBDixon
<Content>Reasoanbly priced, great location The hotel Acro is situated near Rijksmuseum and Vondel Park. It鈥檚 well served by trams from central station but between the four of us it was just as cheap to catch a cab from Schiphol airport. It is down a quiet leafy suburb just a 10 minute walk to the lively Leidseplein.The room wasn鈥檛 ready when we arrived (~11am) but we could leave our bags there. The rooms were ready when we returned at 6pm and the staff quickly and efficiently sorted our rooms out. The rooms were fairly small and basic but clean and comfortable with en-suite bathroom, with shower.Breakfast was the standard European buffet fare but no worse than we鈥檝e had elsewhere, although we did find the dining room a little bit cramped and busy.The hotel has a great bar which we found a great place to meet, relax and have a couple of beers after traipsing round the best Amsterdam has to offer.We also hired bikes from the hotel.The staff were very friendly and helpful and I would recommend the hotel to anyone from couples to groups and family鈥檚.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HNISC
<Content>Not As Impressive As First Thought Having read the reviews on this hotel I decided to book it for a 3 night stay in January. Unfortunatey my high expectations were short lived. My girlfriend and I were placed in the room next door to the 24-hour bar, reception and baggage storage and it was so small a hamster would have trouble getting in. The bathroom was also tiny. As you can imagine the first night sleep was non-existant! I went to reception to ask if it was possible to move to another room due to the excessive noise levels coming from the bar. The member of staff was slightly bemused that I found the noise level to be troublesome. Thankfully after pleading we were given a twin room for the night and would be moved to another double for the remaining 2 nights. Lucky that this was the case as the constant banging and dripping of the heating pipes again caused problems sleeping. The third room was much better thankfully with it being slightly bigger including the bathroom and being on the fourth floor. However, I wouldn't reccommend this hotel for couples as the excessive noise levels coming from groups running the corridoors all night was annoying.The breakfast area can get extremely overcrowded with a lack of seating during the last hour of breakfast so I would suggest you go down as early as possible i.e. 7 or 8am.The hotel itself is situation in a quiet neighbourhood close to the van Gough museme. Amsterdam is a very small city and it can be walked from top to bottom in 45 minutes no problems. The hotel is just a short stroll to the main shopping area and bars although you could take the tram if needed. The steps within and leading up to the hotel are so steep that you are almost walking vertical however, I think this is the case for most hotels due to Amsterdam's structure of houses, tall and thin.In hindsight I didn't have the best of experiences with the hotel however, the staff were friendly and the location was really good for the price. If you are part of a group then this hotel would be a great choice, however, if you have kids, OAP or a couple I wouldn't stay here.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ChesterfieldUk
<Content>Great Little Hotel Just returned from 3nights stay in this hotel, it is situated just far enough from the centre for it not to be a problem. We found the hotel staff to be very friendly and nothing was to much trouble for them.The rooms are very small but are very clean. We were placed on the 4th floor which didn't present a problem because there is a very small lift. I don't know what would happen if the lift was out of order because the staircase is very very steep so anybody with walking difficulties would have a problem.The hotel is situated in the museum quarter of Amsterdam just across from the Rijksmuseum. We found that the easiest and most laid back way to tour the city was to catch the canal bus 17 euros for a day ticket which is valid until 12 noon the next day, you can hop on and off all day on all of the 3 colour coded lines.If I was to visit Amsterdam again I would have no problems in re-booking this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FamilytravelsNJ
<Content>Quirky(yet clean) little place Very clean rooms, tiny though. You really could not have more than 2 people in a room. Great location. Six of us (3 adults, 3 children 14, 12 and 6) stayed in 3 rooms downstairs, at street level. This place is comfortable and in a nice, safe, quiet neighborhood. The staff were VERY helpful. We had to call a doctor to our room in the middle of the night (ear infection and fever)and the desk help was great in assisting us. Doctor arrived in less than 30 mins! Be prepared for the staircases, they are very steep and spiral! Luggage was a bit difficult to manuever. The breakfast is pretty good. It is a good value.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>woozysss
<Content>Great Little Hotel. Never realised just how small Amsterdam is, easy to walk around and easy to get anywhere from anywhere. We stayed in Hotel Acro which was ideal, from Central Station you can get a tram no 2 or 5 directly there. Hotel Acro has extremely steep steps (as do most Ams hotels) as you enter and inside. Our room was great, small but perfectly clean and with a good ensuite with amazing shower. The hotel does a good breakfast selection too.Literally a 30sec walk to the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum is on the next street and every other attraction we walked to also. At the most maybe 30 mins. We were there mid Dec and it was so warm didnt need hat or gloves. No queues for attractions and the street were reasonably quiet. Great for shopping in the centre and some lovely wee happy cafes. Great hotel. Great location. Great city.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>Cullies
<Content>A place to sleep and shower - what more do you want in Amsterdam!! Well it was a bit odd but okay! Potentially the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in (and the oddest shaped) with the smallest hotel bed ever (if you are over 5'2 forget it!!). The en-suite was a cupboard about 1m by 2m and you can sit on the loo and brush your teeth in the sink at the same time which is convenient - excellent power shower though. Paper thin walls - we could talk to the couple we went with in the next door room without raising our voices so no privacy at all. The lift is a scary experience but an essential here (you have to see the stairs to believe them - even by Amsterdam standards they are unreal) BUT the sheets and rooms were spotless, breakfast was unimited buffet style and very nice indeed (although the room you eat is small - don't get up too early and you will be fine) and the staff (apart from one guy) were extremely helpful. Location is fantastic - 30 secs from Riyjksmuseum and Van Gogh Musuem, 5 minutes from Leidseplein and Vondelpark and 1 minute from PCHoofenstraat (where all the rich people shop: Chanel, Cartier, Gucci etc) and a tram stop at the end of the street about 30 meteres away. What you have to remember is that you are in Amsterdam for goodness sake - why do you want anything more from a hotel than a shower and a bed??????? when there is so much going on outside!!. Admittedly coffee making facilities would have been nice as would a nicer view from window. Have been to Amsterdam a few times and it is an expensive place to stay and you certainly get what you pay for. There are a lot worse for the same or more money but I would stay here again and recommend it to friends but not the elderly or infirm or anyone who likes to spend alot of time in their room.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Richyuk
<Content>Weekend in Amsterdam Went over for a weekend a few weeks ago, the hotel looked okay from the outside, the area looked okay too and the staff seemed friendly on a first impression basis.Breakfast is included in the morning, but it is simple and not to my taste, you are better off going to a local cafe where you get more for your Euro. However the hotel is well situated if you wish to visit the museums. The Van Gogh Museum and Riks Museum are both within walking distance. For the lager louts amongst us, the Heineken Brewery is within walking distance and well worth a visit. I also recommend a visit to Anne Frank House too, a very moving experience. A canal trip is also worth doing but I would personally book it nearer to Dam Square.Going back to the hotel, the rooms are very small, the beds are small and uncomfortable, being 6ft 2, I was falling out of them a lot. The bathroom was okay but again very small, not much room to swing a cat! The stop cock under the basin was dripping when I was there, so I repaired it (being a plumber by trade) told reception, but they did buy me a beer for my troubles. At night time, the staff shift pattern changed and they seemed like that they could not care less about anything, with one of them having a mobile phone permanently glued to his ear, all the time. The walls in the room seemed wafer thin so you could even hear people snoring in the room next to you, or moments of sexual activity (quite amusing for some I suppose?!)However to sum it up, I would go to Amsterdam again for sure, fantastic place for a stag night or hen night, or just a fun weekend away, but I would not stay in the Acro again, you can do much better for the same cost.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Kai-17
<Content>A great find! My husband and I stayed at the Acro from October 22-25th, and had a great stay. Our room was small and an odd shape, but more then adequate. It was clean, and well equipped. The bed wasn't the most comfortable I have slept on, but for 3 nights it was fine. The rooms do have wooden floors, and when someone was walking around in the room above us, we could clearly hear them. Thankfully this didn't cause too much of a problem. Breakfast was really good, there was a wide selection of breads, cheese, cold meat, cereals, fruit salad, yoghurt, crackers, spreads etc. I am sure no one would go hungry. Don't go down for breakfast between 8.30am-about 9.15am, as everyone seems to appear around that time, and there isn't enough seating for everyone. The hotel is in a fabulous location, virtually next door to the Rijksmusuem and Vondel Park, and very close to the many restuarants and bars in the Leidespein. There is a nice atmosphere there at night, and lots of nice places to eat in the side streets off the Leidesplein. Many of them offer set menus at a very reasonable price. The hotel is also very close to tram stops, and a few minutes walk to where the city canal cruises leave from. Its also not far from the Heineken experience, which was fun! The staff at the hotel were all nice, and very helpful. I would like to point out that the guy who works on reception in the afternoon is on his own, and is looking after both the reception area and bar. When a whole crowd of people come in together, he was rushed off his feet. When we return to Amsterdam, hopefully next year, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Scruffyish
<Content>Excellent stay Have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hotel Acro and would not hesitate to return to this hotel. Our double room, although small was clean and bedding changed daily. The ensuite shower room was actually pretty spacious and very modern with fresh towels provided every day. Breakfast was more than adequate, consisting of fruit salad, various cereals, a selection of breads and crispbreads, cheeses and cold meats, so pretty much something for everyone. Reception staff were lovely and very helpful and the 24 hour bar at the hotel has a good atmosphere. Safety deposit lockers are available for the sum of 10 Euros which was returned to us when we checked out. The location was great, a lovely quiet tree-lined street within 2 mins walk to the Rijksmuseum,2 minutes to Vondel Park, 5 to 10 mins stroll to Leidseplein, and served by good public transport links.If you are looking for luxury then this hotel probably won't suit you, however if you are looking for a functional room in a spotlessly clean hotel in a good location then I have absolutely no hesitation in recommending the Acro.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Traveller2126
<Content>Basic but ok We stayed for 3 nights. The rooms are very small and the beds have headboards and kickboards so if you are over 5鈥?7鈥?tall they may be a problem. It is very basic and can be small but ideal for a short break 鈥?couldn鈥檛 have managed for longer than a few days. No tea or coffee making facilities but the bar downstairs caters well. Great to have a lift as the stairs can be very narrow and windy. One flight of stairs down to the breakfast room. Breakfast typical buffet style 鈥?drinks, juice, toast, jams, cheese etc. We stayed in room 410. On the first night it was extremely hot. We asked for a fan for the next day (there is no air conditioning in the rooms) and was told that it wasn鈥檛 hot anymore and we didn鈥檛 need it! Talking of the staff 鈥?there was only one really miserable, rude and unhelpful member of staff on the desk who works mostly in the afternoons/early evenings- don't be put off if he's working when you arrive! He was tall and blonde and didn鈥檛 have any time for anyone. All others were helpful and happy. We did place a necklace in the ash tray in our room and when we came back later in the day it was gone. We asked at reception to check with the cleaner but she assured us that she would only throw out cigarettes etc from the ash tray and hadn't seen it. She was the only one who went in our room. We never had it back. The location is great. Tram at the end of the street takes you to anywhere. When we landed at the airport we bought a 鈧? return for the train which takes you to the Central Station. As we didn鈥檛 know the location of the hotel we got a taxi for 鈧?5 and it was well worth it as the taxi driver was great and pointed out loads of landmarks etc. Next day we bought a GVB travel pass 鈥?this gives you unlimited travel on trams, metro, buses = you can buy it in 24 hrs, 48hrs or 72 hrs pass. 72 hrs is 鈧?3 and well worth it. The trams are great and very quick and regular.If you go to Anne Frank鈥檚 house make sure you go in the morning as it was packed when we got out with people queuing round the corner. We took a 75 minute boat cruise round the canals which was nice too.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>markh111
<Content>Not Fancy, But Not Bad The Acro is certainly not luxurious. The rooms are sort of spartan and have the ambiance of a college dormitory. They are also not air conditioned. However, the hotel has much to recommend it. First, it is nicely located: practically next to the major museums and Vondel park, a pleasant 30 minute walk to Dam Square, and a very short walk to a supermarket. The hotel itself is on a quiet and shady street. Second, it is extremely clean. Third, the staff was very helpful and accommodating. (Example: my wife and I arrived early in the morning after getting off a flight that landed at 6:30. Our room was not ready, which was to be expected, but the person at the front desk not only offered to hold our bags, which I assumed he would, but also invited us to that morning's breakfast, which seemed above and beyond what I thought he would do, since we weren't really entitled to breakfast until the next day). The breakfast itself, by the way, which comes with every room, is your typical Dutch breakfast of toast, cheese, lunch meat, hard boiled eggs, juice and coffee, served buffet style; I got a little tired of it after the third day, but I assume that most hotels that offer breakfast offer something just like this. Fourth, the prices are reasonable.All told, I would be happy to stay here again, but preferably not in the middle of a heat wave.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it I was surprised to read a negative comment about the staff being unhelpful and rude as I found them extremely helpful and pleasant. Having found this little gem of a hotel I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone visiting Amsterdam  it will certainly be my hotel of choice for my future visits.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Citroenfamily1
<Content>Small, quiet but very clean       Nice quiet street  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If You DON'T Want To Have a Good Time..... I gave this hotel 1 star because it is clean, that is about all that it has going for it. I found the staff to be unhelpful and rude.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Quiet Small Hotel We stayed at the Acro Hotel over spring break in April. It's a very small hotel in a quiet neighborhood, but very close to the city, about a 5 - 10 minute tram ride, and within walking distance to leidseplein. The neighborhood seemed very safe, with the museums only a block or two away. The hotel was very clean, but the rooms were extremely small. This is not a problem if all you do is sleep there and are out the entire day, which was our situation. The staff is helpful, and you can book excursions at the front desk with pick-up at the hotel (That was not the case in April as there was road construction in front at the time). They provide a nice breakfast every morning, but you should either get downstairs early or the near the end, since there isn't enough seating around 9:00 a.m. when just about everyone is on their way out (before 8:30 and after 9:30 are the best times). I would definitely recommend this hotel to people on a budget looking for a nice, clean, and quiet place to stay. It is not a price that I would consider budget in the U.S., but everything in Amsterdam is expensive.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cheap as chips!!!! This hotel was the third hotel I had stayed in whilst visiting fantastic Amsterdam, I would say it was ok. The rooms were increadibly small,especially for a double and very oddly shaped!! I whacked my knees a few times!The hotel is quaint though so we didn't mind that much as it was only really a base. It's not that far away from centrum but far enough after a coffee shop crawl! It's do-able though.The breakfasts are cr*p strangly organised and a bit cramped not very well thought out really.But I can honestly say for 109 quid each for 3nights it was fine I wouldn't pay anymore than that though.It was OK.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Debj1967
<Content>enjoyed the stay We have just returned from the Acro last night, we found the hotel to be very clean although the rooms were very small. Location wise it's right next museums but quite a way from the Dam rack, there is a tram stop only about 100 yards at the end of the street which took you into the centre in about 10 minutes. The breakfast was buffet style and there was the usual choice each morning. The bar is open 24 hours, and We found the staff very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CeriP
<Content>no sleep hotel! we have stayed at this hotel about 4 times before and didn't really mind the small rooms as the location was so good. this time, however, will defo be the last. it appears the hotel is on a list of school trip accommodation! we were kept up all night by kids running around the hotel like elephants and/or shouting - no amount of alcohol or suchlike would knock you out from that noise! we breathed a sigh of relief when they left after breakfast but then that afternoon another coach school trip arrived!! not as noisy that night but the breakfast was packed with sullen teenagers. was shattered at the end of the 2 day 'holiday!'not a place to escape and chill out!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sparkly273
<Content>great little place Hotel Acro is great cheap place to stay. It's nothing fancy, but the staff are friendly, rooms clean and there's a great help yourself breakfast served till 10am each morning... it's about a 10 minute walk to the leidsplein so pretty central, and most of central amsterdam is easliy walkable. The rooms are very small, but you get a ensuite shower room and storage space, and a beds a bed! For a 2star hotel I thought it was brilliant. You can buy tix to the Van Gogh museum at the desk to save queuing as hotel is right around the corner from museum square... stayed there 3 nights and had a great time. would def recommend it and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scans r us
<Content>Great little hotel We were given this hotel's name by 2 couples who have both stayed before. We were not disappointed. For a 2 star hotel the service was excellent. My brother in law needed urgent dental appointment when we arrived and the receptionist could not have been more helpful, finding and booking him an appointment that day. The rooms may be small but they are spotlessly clean and the breakfast was great.The location of the hotel was excellent, nice street close to trams 2 and 5 which run every few minutes into the main town and central train station.Close to some very nice shops, restaurants and art museums.Would recommend Hotel Acro and hope to go again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bad service very bad service, a total disappointment. the heater didn't work, the tv didn't work, their solution was -- go and find another hotel !! I recomend to pay 10 more Euros and get something better.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Rune&B
<Content>OK + very close to Rijkmuseum ond Van Gogh museum+ selfservice at breakfast+ clean- too hard beds- average service- noise fromstreet in the morning  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Acro Passable Hotel was Okay. Complete mix up with the keys while I stayed there. Staff could have been a bit more helpful. Though rooms were clean, problems with the television, remote control was at reception. Stairs quite sharp and narrow. Ideally located though and breakfast not bad.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Conveniently located next to the Reichsmuseum and very near the Van Gogh museum, we were just steps from Trams 2 and 5 or a walk on the canal. Amsterdam is a very walkable city but watch for bikes when you think you've crossed the street. You are probably in a bike lane! The rooms are small but very comfortable, clean and very well organized for storage. The stairs are frightening - use the lift. Very nice free breakfast buffet and very helpful staff. You can buy transportation passes at the desk. Good buy!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>O'Connor
<Content>Great Little Hotel in Good Area Stayed here for two nights June 2 - 5.Triple Room - V. Cleanroom and spotless bathroom. Bit of a scrum at breakfast-time due to small breakfast area but really fantastic selection to chose from and efficient clearing of tables.Reception staff very pleasant and welcoming and happy to book taxis etc.Highly recommend.Our only disappointment was the weather - the Amsterdammers are a lovely people. Recommend restaurant Dining Eleven - excellent food - relaxed but efficient service. Set menu 29.50 Euros excellent value. V.Good wine list.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gafia
<Content>Go - but take earplugs if you want a quiet night! We stayed at the Acro on our first visit to Amsterdam many years ago and the rooms then were ok if not huge. They've obviously had the architects in since then to find out how many more rooms they could squeeze in!Our room was long but about 7 feet wide. It had been subdivided and had a plasterboard partition that ran down the middle of the window with the two single beds underneath the window and a gap of about a foot between them. There was a wardrobe with shelf space and a bathroom with an excellent shower, small sink and toilet all in a space about 2 feet deep. It's all spotlessly clean.We were there for a weekend with friends so were only in the room to shower and sleep so the room was adequate for our needs in those respects. Problem was for the first couple of nights we didn't sleep that well. The couple in the next room would come back to their room at about 12.30/1 am and talk until 3 or 4am. They weren't shouting or arguing but we could hear them as well as if they had been in the same room as us and it just got a bit wearing. The area itself is very quiet - you are in a nice residential street but yards away from the Rikjsmuseum, around the corner from the Van Gogh museum, within walking distance of the Leidesplein and an easy tram ride from the rest of the city. The bar downstairs is very useful and the breakfast is very good for a hotel of this category.Choose somewhere else for a quiet, romantic break!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MacKiwi
<Content>Great location, helpful staff We stayed here two nights and were very happy about our stay. Yes the rooms are small but we had enough room for ourselves and luggage. The rooms are contemporary styled and we had a room on the third floor overlooking the street. The area around the hotel seemed safe and we had no problems with wandering around the nearby streets. From the room you could hear the occasional reveller on the street late at night, but no traffic noises.The staff were very helpful, as we'd driven into town they printed excellent directions for us to get to Olympic Stadium where parking is only Euro 5.50 per day if you take the tram to get back into the center of town and to return to your vehicle.At the hotel the lift is small and not very fast and the stairs are narrow and steep. But hardly an inconvenience. The breakfast was excellent, the first morning we ate close to the finish of breakfast hours yet there was still plenty of food available and the area was kept very clean. The bar area next to reception has very reasonable drink prices but the area could get very smoky quickly.If you are wanting to stay in a quiet area of Amsterdam within walking distance to the sights (and very close to the tram line if you don't want to walk), this is a good hotel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Surfer66
<Content>Tiny rooms, good location We spent the first night in a room in the 1st floor which was just above the bar, the room was very noisy from about 2-4am. Next morning asked to get moved, very grumpy reception man said we should have come down and complained at the time! However we got moved to 3rd floor which was fine. Both rooms were incredibly small but clean. Hotel is in good location but would try somewhere else next time even if we had to pay more.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CHEESETEETH
<Content>small room big breakfast We stayed at the acro in Oct 04, for 2 nights. This is a small budget hotel, but it is clean and friendly which is the main thing. The room was tiny, although we did have an attic room so ours may have been smaller than most. It did have everything we needed so I won't complain. The location is great for the museums and Leidseplein and right by the Hobmastraat Tram stop for great transport links. The surrounding area is very respectable and clean.The breakfasts were buffet style with a nice choice of things to tuck into, so you can vary what you eat from morning to morning. You can enjoy eating in the 80's lad pad style breakfast room. Enjoy your stay, we did!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel LIked the hotel. We stayed here for 6 nights in March 2005. The location is great, close to museums, restaurants and tram stops. Staff is friendly and helpful. The first night we were given a very, very small room on the top floor, it seemed like an attic room. Even though we were there in winter and it was really cold outside our room was like a sauna, even when we turned the heat completely off. We requested another room and were given a large room on the second floor with a balcony that opened up to a view onto the street below. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent stay The Acro hotel served our every need, the staff were friendly, but left our group alone to come and go as we pleased. Rooms were spottless, bathroom was great with a hairdryer!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ALZI
<Content>value for money Pros - excellent value 3 nights for the price of 2 (booked through bridge travel), clean, friendly staff, close to two main museums and nightlife, tram stop yards away.Cons - very small twin room, very basic breakfast.Would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little deal! Perfect for students on a budget! We got a great deal on this hotel. Amsterdam is pretty small, so there aren't too many bad locations, but this one was in a nice area. Close to nice shopping and close to museums. The rooms are small, but very clean. We had a view of the street which was fun to watch people. It was not too loud which was nice. They have big windows in the rooms that you can open up and let in the air. Hardwood floors made it feel kind of contemporary. They have a nice little breakfast included in the lowest level and a small bar on the main level that has a nice atmosphere. Staff is courteous. Overall a great find for the price! Try to get there before dark because they lock up and we had to wait a little while for someone to come.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>really good ! Great money hotel. Really clean, the rooms are a little small but nice ... Service is good and the breakfast buffet is rich .Quiet place... there are a lot of pubblic transports near the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>littlemisslaura
<Content>Great Little Hotel I stayed in the Acro Hotel for 4 nights in January 2005 and thought it was a great place to stay and a bargain. (although that might just have been the time of year!) The rooms are small but clean and comfy they even have BBC Television in them. It's ideally located for Vondelpark and Leidesplien and has a tram stop pratically right outside. The staff were friendly and efficient and there is a lovely modern bar which is open late. The breakfast was continental buffet and very nice again the breakfast room was quite modern. The only thing that some people may not like is the fact it is a vey steep narrow building with some scarily steep winding stairs, however there is a lift. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>njb12367
<Content>Great place to stay Hi, I'm an australian guy, stayed there last june for 5 nights It's the second time i've stayed there and the staff are just as friendly and helpful as ever. Rooms are comfortable and the room rates are good and the hotel is well positioned to most things. forgot to mention the breakfast...great. I'll be going back in 2006   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glanrafon1
<Content>another great stay this was our second visit to amsterdam and we stayed again in the acro, it was, as before an excellent choice, near to the tram, museums and nightlife, since we stayed at the acro the last time, a new irish pub has been opened just a five minute walk away, the aran is a great place to go for a meal or a drink and the staff there are very nice, this is where we spent our new years eve as it was'nt very far to crawl back to the hotel at three in the morning. The next time we go to amsterdam, we will be staying at the acro as it's a very nice hotel at a budget price with plenty of breakfast so you dont need to spend a lot on your lunch. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JenBlak
<Content>More than met our needs We stayed here for 6 nights at the beginning of January and we very pleased with our choice. Prior to arriving we were apprehensive about this hotel as it provided the best/cheapest accomodation in Amsterdam.We were pleased with the location of the hotel, its proximity to public transport (at the end of the street), the distance to the restaurant district of Leidesplein (5-10mins walk) and the distance to the Rijksmuseum/Van Gogh Museum (100 metres approx). The staff were helpful and the breakfast ample. The room was small but perfectly functional and made good use out of the available space. The shower was large and the facilities clean and tidy. If you stay here the Hot Chocolate available is a good deal and if intending to go to the Van Gogh museum buy your tickets at reception and bypass the queue. We would definately stay here again and would recommend to both friends and family.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissusMop
<Content>A good deal I booked this simple but efficient  clean hotel when I travelled with my 11 year old son over the Easter period last year. It was just the two of us, and we needed somewhere peaceful away from the less salubrious parts of Amsterdam.For the price, it's very reasonable. Not plush, but met our needs for our stay. The room we had was small (an attic room but a good window to let the light in and decent view of the street) but we didn't need bigger, and it came with everything intact  no problems! The staff were friendly and there were no hiccups.It's in a nice location near the museums, on a lovely street that's very quiet. Walking distance to Leidseplein and Rijksmuseum, as well as the concert hall. I would recommend it if you want value and are on a budget.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Manana
<Content>A lucky choice The hotel has an excellent location, very near to the museums and Concertgebow. The rooms are small but very clean and comfortable. The breakfast is superb! The staff is very friendly. We stayed there for three nights before Christmas and we'd love to go back again.Many thanks to Tripadvaser reviewers. It is thanks to them that wechose Acro. It was indeed a lucky choice !  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wren
<Content>Glorious location! The hotel had a glorious location, just half a block from the tram (#2 or #5) stop, and the Reichmuseum and the Van Gogh. The hotel has tickets to the Reichmuseum so you don't have to wait in line. The only drawback was the double bed. Surrounded by walls on three sides, the acrobatics demanded by a nocturnal bathroom visit were a challenge for two septogenarians! The helpful staff changed our room the next day to one with two twins. The rooms are tiny, but very clean. The breakfasts were grand. We would go back--if twin beds were available.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>poppy89
<Content>Great Place To Stay Spent 3 nights at the Acro in August 2004 and had a great time. The hotel is in a terrific location, right opposite the Rijksmuseum and just 5-10mins walk from Leidseplein. Trams and water taxis are just 5 mins away. Make sure you check out the Sama Sebo restaurant on the corner - lovely food.The hotel itself is beautifully kept, very clean with a lovely bar downstairs. The rooms are small but spotless, as are the corridors and lift. The free breakfast each morning was always lovely - fresh bread, cheeses, meats, cereals - we ate lots and didn't really need lunch. The guys who worked here are nice - very helpful. The only reasons to not give the Acro 5 stars is that the double bed was a bit small for me and my husband. Plus, we were there during a heatwave (90F every day - yippee!) and because there was no air con, the rooms were sweltering in the evenings. But that's fairly typical for older Dutch hotels. All in all, a great stay and would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would return An excellent value for money hotel.The hotel is located in a brilliant location close to the Leidseplein.The First time we visited Amsterdam we stayed in a 4 star (double the cost) hotel in a similar location and when we decieded to return to Amsterdam this April we just wanted the best priced hotel we could find and the Acro came up.To be honest there was not alot of differance between the two. Don't get me wrong the Acro is not a luxury hotel but a clean, comfortable hotel in a good location. And I would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(2159106, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stu
<Content>DON'T GO IF YOU'RE TALL!   showReview(1888945, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will definintely go back!   showReview(1658859, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(1554480, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>sound   showReview(1553363, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value   showReview(1546757, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location - terrible hotel   showReview(1493573, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>acro, amsterdam   showReview(1368896, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exellent, , Very Good Location   showReview(985898, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>easy to get to and friendly staff   showReview(917426, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrederiqueParis
<Content>ACRO HOTEL AMSTERDAM   showReview(23126153, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buen precio y bien situado...   showReview(22769885, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel e' molto carino...   showReview(22256127, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Teniendo en cuenta el precio de...   showReview(19998071, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo ben posizionato, se pur...   showReview(17965738, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ntnboi
<Content>Zona tranquilla a due passi dal centro   showReview(16819655, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hemos estado en este hotel en...   showReview(17571383, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MicheleRoma
<Content>Weekend Amsterdam   showReview(16270012, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Camere MINUSCOLE, per il resto...   showReview(16726018, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

