<Author>jembabe100
<Content>Very good and some bad! My partner and I stayed at the NH Amsterdam Centre hotel for one night in October 2008. We booked the hotel through hotels.nl and paid 135 euros for a standard room. We booked the hotels through a special deal where we were allocated one of the four NH hotels in central Amsterdam. I named two hotels that we could have preferred to stay in which were much more central than the Amsterdam Centre but were allocated this hotel (I did call the company and asked to be changed but this was not possible). All in all the hotel was very luxurious and certainly worth a 5 star rating. Our room was very clean and came with many extras such as slippers, bath robe and a choice of pillows. I had requested a king or queen size bed but ended up with two single beds pushed together-I came falling down the middle during the night! We had a lovely shower although our original booking information said that we would also have a bath. We didn't eat or drink at the hotel as it was very expensive (25 euro pp for breakfast!), however, I guess you would expect this from a 5 star hotel. I also heard someone complaining that they had to pay to use the hotel's gym facilities-this person was under the impression that the website indicated that this was included.So...despite some problems, my partner and I had a very enjoyable trip. To anyone visiting the hotel, we would strongly recommend a visit the BOLS museam around the corner (opposite the Van Gogh museum)-it's 10 euros to visit but for that price you get a cocktail of your choice included and numerous samples of the various liquors-we left quite drunk!!!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>deetravel
<Content>Good Stay at the Centre Stayed for 2 nights for a short break with friends. Good Location, tourist kiosk  canal tours across the street. We had purchased a 48 hr travel pass for airport express  trams, so with a tram stop outside the hotel, everything was very accessible although we also walked to Dam Square a few times with ease. 2 of us arrived early in the morning, and were checked in immediately. Facilities in our room were great, especially the toiletries if you're travelling with hand luggage only. One of the other rooms did seem a lot smaller than ours, but still had everything needed.Staff were pleasant and very helpful, particularly when one of our party wasn't feeling well, and didn't want to be disturbed in the room, housekeeping provided fresh towels etc when approached. Would definitely return to stay, and would also consider their hotels in cities.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>StaroKuwait
<Content>My favorate hotel in Amsterdam I have stayes for one week in this loveley hotel in mid August. It was my second visit to this hotel, first when we arrived we were assigned to room 546 on the back of the hotel it was nice but small, later in the day we have noticed a noice commening from the radiator and since it was sunday and no maintenance ppl available we have been moved to another room 519 which is located on the corner facing mariott hotel. It was a bit noisey during the day but we had a good sleep in the night. NH hotel it is time to change the bed mattress it is too old and i had back bain every morning. the location of the hotel in leidsplain is excellent for cafes and resturante. The hotel staff are freindly and helpful.If I go back to amsterdam definitly I will stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>filandtrace
<Content>Good times in Amsterdam       Amsterdam3  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FeritCiva
<Content>Very good experience This is a great hotel if you want to be close to Leidseplein  Holland Casino. Although the bathroom is a bit small, the room is spacious enough (we had a twin room) and really clean. The beds are comfortable. Check-in  especially front desk staff is very helpful. I don't know about the breakfast or other meals - because this is Leidseplein! Once you get out of the hotel, you find all the world's cousine in front of your eyes. We had a really great rate from a Netherlands based website, so this doubled the worth of this NH experience. Recommended hotel!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cowana
<Content>Nice central hotel We arrived at 1pm to reception and I had booked 3 twin rooms. All the rooms were ready and the reception staff were all really friendly and helpful. The foyer is clean bright and modern with a bar. The rooms were all clean modern and had all the usual 4* expectations. All the rooms I saw were small but perfect for a two day stay in Amsterdam. The hotel is located right across from the leidsplien and close to all the cafe's and bars. We did not have breakfast but right across the street is a breakfast place for a lot less than the hotel breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cateecat
<Content>Almost full marks! This was our 11th visit to Amsterdam so as you can imagine we've stayed in a few of the cities hotels. This was our first stay in this one and we loved it! Our flight got in really early and we arrived at the hotel about 10am. Believe it or not, our room was ready and they let us check in! The room was compact, but very stylish and modern. Great range of toileteries and a few nice wee touches like pillow menu.The breakfast was extensive and well stocked.We used the sauna/steam room etc and loved it. Clean and modern, like the rest of the hotel.My minor niggles were: the sauna/steam room cost 12.50 euro each (I thought it seemed odd to be charged as a guest but if I'm honest it was well worth it) and the opening hours were strange. It closed at 5 on a Friday. (So check in advance to avoid disappointment)Also, fellow Irish people beware! A cup of tea cost 5 euro in the lobby bar! More than a beer!All in all, we'll definitely return. The service was excellent and location unbeatable!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Halldecker
<Content>DON'T! I became far too aware of the bathroom noises of the guest in the room atop mine. Every-one-of-them! I assume the room below me kept track of mine. I heard every door on my floor (perhaps others, the noise was non-stop) shut, slam shut. BANG BANG BANG. Non-stop.Mattresses (I was given a room with two single beds crammed together) were soft and lumpy, way past their useful lives. Service at the desk was lacking, a 12 minute wait was explained we never know how many guests will need assistance at any time. Obviously; and more than they'd planned for.I've stayed at NH Hotels world-wide; this is the first time I've ever encountered this level of noise and service. I don't know was more disgusting, the BANG BANG BANG or the noises from the guest upstairs.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>txsunshine06
<Content>Nice hotel in a great location. This hotel caters to business travelers. The hotel was clean, comfortable and had nice amenities (breakfast, internet, iron/ironing board and apples at the front desk...). The rooms were bright, clean and modern. Everything you would expect from a quality hotel any where in the world. And that is the only problem with the hotel is that it lacks character. The location was ideal, the front desk personnel were wonderful and helpful. It was an easy walk to Vondel Park and Leidseplein. The No. 1 Tram stops right out front and all the other trams are only a short walk away in Leidseplein. I would recommend this hotel. On another note, we originally had reservations at another hotel in which we were dissatisfied. We walked in the NH hotel on the first evening. The NH had rooms available at a very reasonable price and they allowed us to see a room that evening. We moved the next morning and we were very satisfied with the room and service. If you stay here and breakfast is not included in your room price, be sure to ask for the price. There are places to eat breakfast in Leidseplein.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>busygirlla
<Content>Modern hotel I've stayed here with my friend for a weekend for the Cannabis Cup festival. This hotel is very modern looking, very boutiquey... I thought that the hotel was great, big rooms compared to the Marriott because we accidentally checked in to the Marriott which was next to it by mistake, and the room at the Marriott was a lot smalled than the room at the NH and the Marriott was nothing special.The location is okay, you have to walk a little to get to the center of the town, but I recommend this hotel. I didn't eat at their restaurant so I can't say much about that.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>abitagirl
<Content>we had a great experience at the NH We spent five nights at the NH last week. We loved the location, you can walk to just about everything and if something was too far to walk, the tram is just across the street. We booked through a package with airline and hotel through KLM.When we first checked in we were assigned to a room in the back building. We didn't like it at all, it was small and had no view. We went back to the desk and asked for something better. We were able to upgrade but had to pay 25 euros per night. We went to check out the upgraded room and it was radically different from the first. We happily spent the extra money. The room was in the front of the hotel (room 707) and had three huge windows overlooking the Leidesplein Square (with great blackout curtains! we slept so late every day). The bathroom was really nice, with a deep sunken marble tub. The toiletries were really nice too. We had a King size bed that was pretty comfortable (mattress was kind of soft) and the room was nicely furnished with plenty of closet and drawer space. Our breakfast was included and was excellent. There were eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, potoato's , quiche, pancakes, fresh fruit, cereal, fresh squeezed oj and a big variety of croissants, muffins, breads, cheeses and cold cuts every day. We ordered room service a couple of times and they were great. We got our order within 15 or 20 minutes each time. The room was cleaned well and we had no complaints with housekeeping. got turn down service when we remembered to request it. You can choose from a variety of pillows and they will bring whatever you choose to your room. There was a good variety of pay per view movies for rent and several English speaking channels on the TV. All the help we met were helpful, polite and professional. There is a nice bar. We didn't eat in the restaurant. The gym was basic but you are right near Vondelpark and we ran there which was amazing. We would be happy to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	-1	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>LondonTravelAgent
<Content>Not 5 star standard I am a travel agent and stayed at this hotel at a special rate, assuming it would be one of the nicest hotels in the city. I would rate this hotel as maximum 3/4 star as the rooms are VERY small and you would really expect more from a 5 star property. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean enough but this hotel is a bit misleading. The website clearly states free wi-fi internet access - this is not true! Apparently you get 15 minutes free but I was not advised of this until after I had paid EUR17.00 for 24 hours and an extra EUR10.00 for another hour. The website also states Jacuzzi baths - this is not true. Apparently they have a jacuzzi in the spa but not in the baths in the rooms. The location is good but there are other NH hotels with better locations in the city and obviously other hotels. It is near the Leidesplein but at the wrong end so it's about a 15 minute walk to the actual centre and way too far from the train station to walk from. You cannot smoke anywhere in the hotel apart from a small lounge area near the front door - I was also not advised of this and wouldn't really expect it in Amsterdam. I would definitely not pay the normal prices for this hotel. They also appear to have some sort of ongoing problem with the water. The cold water was turned off from 10am to 3pm while I was there - not very nice when you can't brush your teeth and there was a loud noise in the night from the water tank/pipes. The bathroom was nice and clean though and free toiletries were a nice touch, unfortunately this doesn't really make up for the bad points and I won't be staying here again or reccommending this hotel to my clients. I was also automatically joined up to the NH world Card which is no use to me with my special rates and not being a large hotel chain. My advice - stay somewhere cheaper and more authentically Dutch.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>laiwwm
<Content>disappointing the hotel is renovated and the design is quite good. the location of the hotel is good. That's all and my stay left a lot of bad memory. I booked the hotel in the internet and they couldn't find my reservation. It is absolutely ridiculous for such a famous 5 stars hotel. After getting into the room, the room was full of dust on the telephone, tables and on the floor. I am very doubt about the house keeping standard. The payment was messy, I had to paid by cash again even I was debited by credit card during the booking system. Moreover, after I left the hotel for 2 weeks, they debited my credit card without any notice. I emailed to them to look for the reason. They claimed that I used 3 bottles of water at the minibar (which I never used at all). What a ridiculous! It is totally messy, overpriced and poor-serviced hotel.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WiltshireTourist25
<Content>Decent Hotel, well situated We have just returned from a three night stay in Amsterdam as part of the 2008 New Year celebrations. This was our 3rd trip to Amsterdam but our first stay in this particular hotel. The NH Amsterdam Centre is a decent 3 star hotel. The Styling is contemporary and the hotel benefits from standard facilities for a hotel of this class. The rooms are confortable, if a bit small, but they are clean with well appointed bathrooms. A good shower is always a positive!The location is probably the most important feature, being just off Leidseplein and well within walking distance of most attractions. The Museum district is within 5 minutes walk, Anne Franks house within 15 minutes and the central station about 20 minutes walk. There is a tram stop right outside the hotel where you can catch the number 1,2, or 5 trams, which cover the main routes.Overall not a bad stay. Great if you want to see the best of what Amsterdam has to offer, but perhpas lacking if you are after some European character!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Sun75
<Content>Good       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Jacobs-Family
<Content>Quiet Hotel, with Great toiletries Recently went to Europe for our honeymoon with Amsterdam as one of our stops. I am picky when it comes to hotels and like modern over classic. Hotel was nice and room was medium in size. The bathroom was modern and the toiletries they provided were AWESOME. The most I have seen at any hotel. The hotel is located near Leidsplein Square in the south end of the city. Around 3 miles from the Amsterdam Centraal train station. Easy walking distance to museum quarter and upscale shopping district, w/ Chanel, Prada, etc. Staff was very accomodating and everyone spoke english. We would definitely return to this hotel chain. There are several NH hotels and they all looked very presentable, just depends on the location you want to stay in and if you dont mind walking a couple of miles. The city isn't that large and is easy to navigate. BTW - we pronounced the hotel N -H like we do in the America's but it is actually Dutch and pronounced N -HA, if you have to tell a cabbie where you are staying ahahahaha  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Shean-Goonetilleke
<Content>Excellent Service This is an excellent hotel to stay. The service is really good. The location is amazing, right in the heart of Amsterdam. You have everything at walking distance  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>katy2d2
<Content>Nice Hotel This was a very nice hotel. This was a post-night of a cruise tour package and we didn't have a choice where we stayed, but I would stay here again if I ever find myself in Amsterdam. Not sure what thet hotel normally charges, but we paid $430.00 through the travel agent, which I feel is outrageous. Breakfast was included, but restaurant didn't open until 7:00 am, and we had to leave at 7:00 for the airport, so we missed breakfast.The location was excellent (right down the street from the museums, and across the street from a square). Room was comfortable  well equipped. Bathroom was well lit (important to me) and would take an adaptor for a curling iron. The only problem (other than price) was that it was Sunday and their restaurant was not open for dinner. We were both feeling under the weather and didn't feel like venturing out that evening, but had no choice. Also, they charge for internet use, which at the rates we paid, I would expect for free.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>elbouffant
<Content>Great location for foraging into the city centre! We have returned from a wonderful Sat am to Sunday night quickie. Took a taxi from the airport at 35 euros saves all the hassle. They let us check in early but the superior room was overlooking an interior courtyard with scaffolding! A quick phone call later and we were given 2nd floor room overlooking the square which was only available later .No problem by the time we had returned our bags had been moved for us. Staff were excellent and the concierge brilliant at pointing us in the right direction. HIRE BIKES! just around the corner for 10 euros. There are great eating places around the hotel and dont miss the Bulldog coffee shop for some smoke ( 5mins way ).Although the Bulldog is touristy we loved the vibe and freindly crowd.Took the Blue Boat Canal dinner cruise opposite the hotel for a 2 hour candle lit tour. Although the meal was pre-prepared it was really good and served by freindly staff with as much booze as you could drink! The location is great for cycling into the city and park. All in all a great weekend but HIRE BIKES to save blisters!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luce162
<Content>A fantasic stay - Would highly recommend! I stayed in this hotel with my partner for 4 nights at the beginning of September. We had a brilliant time in Amsterdam - it's a wonderful city. We tried to fit in as much as possible and it was nice to come back to such a wonderful hotel to rest those aching feet!First impressions were great - the lobby was clean and modern with small but stylish bar, lounge area, resturants etc. Check-in was quick and our bags were taken up to the room.We paid for a standard room, which as previous reviews have stated was a bit on the small side, but if you only use the room for sleeping then it's more than adequate. The room was clean and comfortable and offered dressing-gown, slippers etc. as well as tea/coffee facilities, mini-bar, safe, television (with English chnnels). The queen-size bed was extremely comfortable with choice of pillows. Could not hear any noise during the night and had really good night's sleep.Bathroom was small but well designed with large wet-room style shower area - with double shower-head. Nice toiletries and I was impresed with the fact that you could adjust the lighting in the bathroom.We didn't opt for breakfast as it seemed quite pricey . We drank in the bar one night which was expensive but we expected this. Sevice was great and atmosphere really relaxed.The area is fantastic - the front of the hotel looks out onto a canal where canal cruises (definately try an evening candle-light cruise - very romantic) and river bikes can be hired. Opposite is Leidsplein (a square with bars/restaurants and street entertainment) and the main street off of the square - Leidstraat is lined with lots of 'high street' shops. The hotel is two minutes walk from VondelPark and another few minutes from the musuem area (where the more upmarket shops are). Use trams to get around - really cheap and stops right outside the hotel.Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a retreat from a hetic day in Amsterdam. Staff were friendly and helpful. The only negative point I have to say is double-check your bill at the end of your stay as we were charged for a mini-bar item that we didn't have.However they removed this charge from the bill, no questions asked, apologising for their mistake.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Paulista05
<Content>Great Hotel Very nice hotel. Great location, excelent service.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>lia4
<Content>Really tasty breakfast, frendly staff, very good location Amsterdam is a beautiful city to spend someone his vacation and the nh amsterdam is a very good located hotel. We stayed there for 4 nights and the hotel had more to offer than we expected. We liked the lobby and we loved our room because of its interior design, the canal view and the plethora of services. In addition, the breakfast was really tasty and the staff was very frendly.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>jeanne0373
<Content>Terrific Hotel and Location My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 9 days in July and were very pleased with the room, staff and breakfast. I emailed the hotel and requested a comfortable room with a view. I also mentioned this website and that some guests were disturbed by construction and that I wanted to avoid that. I never heard back, but when we arrived,we reiterated our request, and we had a room on the 4th floor facing the front- Our bay window opened up to a view of the street, a small park and a canal. With 2 chairs and a small table, we had a perfect spot for a late afternoon bottle of wine and some great cheese. The king sized bed was very comfortable and with AC, we were not bothered by the early morning traffic.Breakfast was included and was quite extensive. The hotel employees were extremely helpful and friendly, especially the doormen. And the location was perfect. We walked everywhere, and the Leidseplein had the best restaurants and music just a few minutes walk away.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>blondi21
<Content>Pleasant Stay, but very Pricey My boyfriend and I, both in our mid-20's stayed in the Amsterdam Centre the first week in August. As a warning, there are many NH hotels in Amsterdam named similarly and we found ourselves at the incorrect hotel(NH City Centre) hotel at first. After seeing the unbelievably tiny rooms and feeling the heat from the broken A/C we promptly requested a transfer to the Amsterdam Centre. The hotel was well kept, clean, and the staff had an overall friendly demeaner. While we found Amsterdam extremely expensive, this hotel was no exception. We ordered a coffee and a tea for breakfast one morning, recieved them 45 minutes later and were charged 8 euro(about 10 US dollars). Needless to say, we didn't eat breakfast at the hotel again. Also overpriced was the internet usage fee- 15 euro per day. We instead opted to use free internet cafes, which were plentiful around the city. We chose to pay a 25/euro a night fee to be upgraded, and it was worth it for a larger room on the side of the hotel(away from the noise of the trams and street traffic). The bed was extremely comfortable and a variety of pillows were available upon request. The only complaint was an un-cooperative consierge, whom incorrectly informed us how to purchase a ticket for the Talis(the high-speed train to Paris). After first asking, he informed us it would be approximately 135 euro per person. He checked the prices, and said it was 250 per person. He then told us to buy internet usage to book the tickets ourselves. After we pleasantly asked him to book for us, he told us the tickets were sold out and we should go to the Central Station at once to try to get a ticket. An hour later, we arrived at Central Station to find an hour and a half wait to purchase tickets. We were very disgruntled. The next day, we inquired with another consierge. He promptly told us booking online was not possible, and he could arrange for a reservation so that we would not have to wait in the always long lines at the station. This trip for us was last minute, for we were not aware a 4 hour train ride would take us to Paris. If you have the chance, I would most definitely book this train for a wonderful trip.In general, we found Amsterdam food to consist of bread, cheese, french fries with mayo(at EVERY meal), and a fried-croquet type of dish. And of course, lots of beer. Be prepared to eat these odd dishes, or go hungry. We stopped at their grocery stores(Albert Heijn's), but could not decipher the labels on the food items. Travel around the city is primarily by bike or tram. Tram cards can be purchased at the Albert Heijn's for a lower price than on the tram itself. Be aware of the bikes, for they don't yield for anything!If you have any questions please contact me!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>drewyzacky
<Content>Disappointing Really overpriced. Basic, tiny room. View of only concrete through the window. All the furniture was chipped and shoddy. Bathroom was nice and well equipped though small. Had to wait two hours for room to be ready even though they said it would be half an hour. Room was really dusty and smelt a bit musty on arrival.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ashanita
<Content>Great Hotel We just returned 2 days ago from a 3 nights stay in NH Amsterdam Center and i would recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to visit Amsterdam.We booked through Otel.com for a fair price with breakfast included.the breakfast was excellent with lots of choices and the room(kind of small) was clean and the bed was really comfortable.House keeping was good.They changed the towels and sheets everyday.We have a 1 and a half year old son, and requested for a crib and it was a good one compared to so many hotels i've stayed around Europe.The hotel staff were very friendly and polite.There's a tram stop right in front of the hotel. Trams 1,2 and 5 go to and from the center.One more thing when you go to Amsterdam, do take the Free Walking Tour where you assemble in Dam Square or the in front of the Central Station.It was a really very good and informative 3 and a half hour walk.It starts at Dam Square and ends at Anne Frank's House.You just pay them at the end of the tour wahatever amount or you can just leave anytime you want.No Obligations.It was wort it tough.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>billyseagull
<Content>Excellent Location - but choose your room! Booked diresct on their own site - cheaper than through any of the agents etc. Took the train from Airport (every 10 minutes or so and takes 15 minutes - very easy)Bought a 24 hour tram pass - 鈧?.50 each - take the 1, 4 or 5 tram to L'plein - 1 is best as it stops right outside the hotel (stop after l'plein)Check in good - room was ready - even at 10.30 in the morning - however we wern't happy with the room - it was small and with an internal view of , er, nothing.Having paid for a 'superior room' (only 鈧?0 per night more) we went and asked to change - no problem - the consierge showed us 2 others - one of which was on the top floor with a great view over the City.The health club they mention on the website is extra cost, we didn't go.Had to ask for the bathrobes advertised on the site. Nice big bed, Room clenliness ok - having read how expensive the Breakfast is we ate elsewhere - loads of good places within a 5 to 10 minute stroll.Would say it's a 4 star hotel - not 5 - but fine to a short stay.As foe A'dam itself, we had a great time - too much to see/do for 3 days - having fabulous wether helped - one thing i personally would recommend is a walk around the 'western' part of Central - the Jordan district etc - loads of backstreet cafes, bars and canals.One final comment - beware the bikes!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>tizwaz
<Content>Good location beware building work means early start !! Have just returned from a 2 night stay with our 2 children and we found the hotel clean and the staff efficient and friendly.The breakfasts are pricey at around 20 euros per person so we took a 5 minute walk down the road and ate at pancake corner where we had a continental breakfast for around 8 Euros each.The hotel is centrally placed and we found walking to all the toursit attractions no problem at all, the concierge staff helped us with directions. The room was of good size we thought but the bathroom was small but has everything you need. You are provided with a full range of toiletries.Our biggest criticism would be of the building work. Our room overlooked the back of the hotel, and our view was one of scaffolding. At around 7:45am building work started with cutting machines and workmen shouting to one another making it impossible to sleep. I am unsure how many rooms will be affected by this but a quick look out the window showed quite a few other rooms over looking the area.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Hurdial
<Content>Above Average Great Hotel, great service, but do not use the internet in the hotel bedroom its a waste of space and time.Use internet outside the hotel it costs a lot less than in the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>SCookie
<Content>Perfectly Nice Hotel - Great Service I stayed for one night with a group of friends. E-mailed the hotel in advance with some specific requests and all were met. In fact when we checked in they advised that they had given us a free upgrade to a superior room.Room was large and decorated in a very modern style and bathroom great, with all usual items you would expect from a hotel of this standard. Breakfast was great, with selection of cereal, fruit, cold meat, bacon, sausage, eggs, bread and pastries etc. etc. and is served till quite late in the morning. Good if you are nursing the after effects of a night sampling the delights Amsterdam.Location is good for Museums, Vondelpark and Leidseplein, where there are loads of restaurants and bars and it was buzzing.If you are prepared to have a stroll, everything else you may want to see in the centre is easily accessible with a few minutes. Would I stay here again? Yes if I got a similar good deal including breakfast, not sure I would be so keen had I paid the standard rate, but then I always like to get a deal when booking hotels.I can see why some may say this is not a 5 star as the modern style, for me, detracts from the luxury feel of a more traditional 5 star hotel, however the staff couldn't have been more helpful and welcoming. Yes there are one or two small items like the finish of some of the cabinets in the bedroom having a few knocks on them, however these are functional environments. For me a small scuff on a piece of furniture in the room where I can very comfortably change and sleep is not going to ruin my holiday!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jakkione
<Content>5 star I don't think so Listed as 5 star but i totally disagree. although i would give it a 3/4 star rating. cost a lot and room very small. I must say though it was really clean and the doorman a star showed us where we should visit and gave us a map with all the good places marked out for us. Bar man Peter was a lovely guy too. would go back I just think the star rating is wrong but Amsterdam is brilliant and this hotel was in a great location for getting trams to get around the city. Don't use cabs it is cheaper and quicker by tram even getting to the airport is a breeze as trams take you to centraal and train goes straight to airport.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>haveopinionwilltrvl
<Content>Doorman Makes The Difference! We frequently stay at the NH for business and we are always pleased. Breakfast always delicious, proximity to Vondelpark is a bonus, rooms are comfortable, and there's solid internet access. Best of all is the hotel's cheerful doorman. We always leave for work with a smile!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ATLgirl
<Content>Good location; pretty good room We were unhappy when we arrived- because we had booked at another hotel, and had been shifted due to overbooking. The NH is not as nice a hotel as the one we got bumped from (but we did get a partial discount from hotels.com which we had booked through).The NH is very contemporary; very clean lines in the lobby, the bar, and the rooms. The bathroom was adequately sized and sparkly and clean with marble and chrome. The windows were very big and opened (always a plus). The closet space was generous (for a European hotel room), and there was plenty of surface area for suitcases, etc.The room that we had was a bit smaller than those shown on the website for this hotel. The bed was full sized rather than queen (which is fine with us) and pushed against one wall so one person has to climb over the other to get into bed. The mattress quality might not satisfy some people. The room did have a few maintenance issues: some spots of peeling paint, and a ceiling vent being held up with masking tape. But the overall effect was good, so we were happy.The location is very convenient, and the area is beautiful. I plan to return to Amsterdam and would stay at this hotel if I could get a good rate (no more than $125)  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jerseyaruba
<Content>Great stay at the NH       hard rock  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Craigmogs
<Content>Good Hotel Great Location On pulling up at the hotel we were geeted by the very friendly doorman who pointed out that bikes are allowed on certain parts of the pavement (good tip if you dont like broken bones). Check In was quick and staff helpful. Room was small but who stays in hoels rooms for anty long period of time. Breakfast expensive at 22 Euros but found the satalite sports bar great for breakfast at only 8.90 Euros. Great city plenty to do and some sights you will probably never see anywhere else.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Celticbach
<Content>Christmas break Booked through Superbreak and had 3 nights for 2 with breakfast included-exceptional value as hotel in excellent location, very clean and unfussy. staff very welcoming and happy to help. Room in front despite a nice view with mini balcony (romm 201) was small and bathroom cramped. Some rooms at back were bigger, smartly furnished. Plenty of eating options nearby. Perfect Christmas break. Get a good deal and this place is worth it. Try the canal hop on, hop off too- very good way of seeing amsterdam by day and night!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oldsurfer
<Content>Very Average I have just returned from a 3 day, 2 night stay for a business trip. The place is NOT 5 *, and at best an average 4 *.The place has a trendy feel to it and is more catered to the business traveller.The location is pretty good, near enough to restaurants and bars and far away enough from the tacky Dam Square and red light area.Staff in the hotel were not great, porter was blantantly rude - he asks to carry my bags (1 bag!) so i declined as it was really not needed and as he walked away he muttered back to me  ....is no problem it will be my loss....... not a great start or welcome to a hotel. It is so so not a 5 * hotel, down to the service, rooms, facilities etc. Do not expect too much from the place.Breakfast is a bit like going to McDonalds, sounds a good idea at the time, is convenient but ultimately tasteless, leaves yuo hungry and wishing that yuo did not eat there....is overpriced self service food. DO NOT eat there.The only memorbale thing is the shower, large shower area and very powerful shower, but overall the bathroom is cramped and badly designed.No surprises, but no i would not go back and would not recommend anyone to stay there.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>steve62
<Content>location + clean contempory hotel with good locationtram stops right outside the front dooradjacent to Vondel Parknearby parking at 36 euros a dayroom was smallish w/ comfortable bedbath also compact, really only good for one person at a timebreakfast available but expensivecanal bus stop also across the streetstaff polite and helpfuloverall an 8 out of 10  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ttl_17
<Content>Summer weekend            
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ofe
<Content>definetively not worth 5* I was looking for a hotel in amsterdam for 4 days as i had a special occassion coming up so i searched by trip advisor and other sites that have reviews about the hotels and then y decided to book the nh centre 5*. I booked through expedia as with klm flight and hotel was way more convenient. Once we arrived there to the front desk arround midday we had the impression as being in the supermarket trying to get a room.. first they wanted to give us a standard room when I booked and payed for a Superior. The room was ok the bathroom was clean the bed was big but there was closet with two hangers and not much space to leave our clothes. The breakfast wasn't included in our price and they wanted us to pay 19euro for a breakfast!! we had wonderful brekfast just few minutes across the street for 7 euro and was fabulous!! The location was ok near the shopping area and other attractions. We had another bad experience at the check out as we booked the shuttle to the airport... they charged us 25 euro for the shuttle and it wasnt a shuttle it was a old crumpy taxi after picking us up we went to pick up another two people in another nh at dam square very uncomfortable as they were quite big.. so we were very very upset regarding this matter as when we arrived we took a great taxi and payed 19 euro.. definetively a rip off... I work in the travel industry and this hotel rated 5 star do not deserve it as the services etc are not at the 5 star standard level.Recepcionist in the morning quite rude and not very helpful in the evening the staff was a bit better but not very interested in helping us with some information.. If i go back to amsterdam i will try another hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kpp17
<Content>Nice, modern hotel Would definitely recommend this place to anyone. A nice modern hotel with extremely helpful staff. We had the breakfast free for the first night and was very impressed with the selection on offer. The second night we decided against, as 24 Euros is quite pricey. but all in all, the hotel was very nice.Also the location was very good. Close to the museums, and Vondelpark practically on your doorstep. Yet trams to the station were also close by, and Dam square is easily walkable.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TorontoLLB
<Content>Nice getaway - Start Vacation - May 27-May 31 I stayed here at the end of May and received exactly what I had expected. A good quality hotel, with an excellent location and quality staff support. For me this was a complimentary stay and I was almost shocked at the moment of arrival when they told me that my reservation had been cancelled!! Yikes! Thankfully they had a room as I had just arrived from a long night of air travel. The room was spacious and the shower/bath welcome! It took some time for the room to get cleaned (we arrived at 1PM) and it was ready at 3:30PM. Once inside it was very nice. Clean. Good sized mini bar for milk, juice etc. Ideal location for walking to museums and around town. The weather was cool, cloudy and damp but that's not the hotel's fault. The periodic sun was welcome and allowed for some decent outdoor time. We took the airport shuttle bus rather than a taxi and that worked out well. The canal cruise was excellent (we even rammed another boat for good measure) and we liked the proximity to good varying restaurants. I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Traveler CT
<Content>Nice. stay Just got back from 5 days at the NH Amsterdam Centre. We had a very nice room. The location was great for everything-very easy to walk everywhere. The staff was very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>citybeagle
<Content>Decent but too expensive I stayed at this hotel for a few nights in June 2004. It is a clean, modern hotel in a good location near the Leidseplein, within walking distance to the Vondelpark, the Museumplein, and the Heineken Experience. It's not very close to the city center, but within walking distance and it is an interesting walk. You can also catch the trams across the street. My room was tasteful and comfortable, but very tiny. NH hotels are a safe bet, but usally nothing spectacular. The rate seems quite expensive for this level of quality.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flingwing
<Content>Location Location Location We stayed in this marvelous hotel for 3 nights on a recent trip to Amsterdam. Unfortunately, the NH was so popular, we couldn't extend our stay in this lap of luxury and had to change hotels. One of the most important aspects of this hotel is its location. Very close to the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum and next to Vondelpark, it is also at the top end of a great shopping route. This allows one to walk all the way downtown along popular shopping streets. This area is also rife with good pubs and restaurants and not near the seedier downtown/red light district. As well, it is right on tram and bus routes. The rooms were very clean and modern, and I think they were large by European standards. The bathroom was very nice, probably the nicest one I've enjoyed while travelling overseas. Clean, comfortable beds and a 27 TV with at least 5 English channels in case you don't speak Dutch. We found the staff consistent with a 5 star hotel in their extremely helpful and pleasant manners. The lounge was a great place to have a nightcap before turning in. We didn't have breakfast included in the price, but understand it costs 24 euro each, a bit pricey.In a nutshell, this is a 5 star hotel that is priced fairly well. The excellent location and clean, safe and extremely comfortable surroundings give me no qualms about recommending this to anyone travelling to Amsterdam. In fact, if I every go back, this will definitely be one hotel I call on.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware the breakfast charge if booking with Expedia The hotel was decent. The lobby is a bit unpleasant, but the rooms are quiet and neutral. There is no note of a breakfast charge, which can appear as a surprise 24Euro charge for the breakfast bar on checkout if booking with Expedia. The hotel would not remove the charge nor would Expedia. I would not stay here again, due to this issue. The neighborhood is relatively charmless, and there is no cafe nearby. I would stay in the Jordan neighborhood if I went again. The Caravaggio exhibit at the Van Gogh Museum is divine.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>md2020
<Content>Smart hotel, clean but not very spacious We stayed in this hotel recently for a four night mini-break. We booked through lastminute.com, as we struggle sometime to find flights locally that don't cost the earth (this was a flight and hotel inclusive package). I was impressed by the spacious public areas- the foyer, bar and restaurant areas felt very light and airy. The standard of the check-in was also really good- very quick, efficient and totally unfussy. The room was clean and furnished well and tastefully, but was small. In fact I was looking round my bedroom at home last night, and even it seemed bigger! The bathroom was great- quality products, good powerful hairdryer, high quality towels (v important) and a bath with taps in the middle- a great touch if you like having baths with your partner. Mini-bar was expensive, as was internet access from the room, so we steered clear. The hotel bar is not cheap, but drinks due to their size are good value for money, and the servce is great. We didn't try the restaurant as we were on a mission to try different types of ethnic food, and the restaurant selection locally is great! Breakfast wasn't included in the price, and we didn't make it up in time for it anyway!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ShanaAFolk
<Content>Good Location but too Expensive The location is great - right along tram routes and an easy walk to the Rijksmuseam/Van Gogh. Many great restaurants in walking distance. The room was nice - clean, modern and comfortable. But for the price we paid, I expected more. Our keycard to open the room door continuously de-magnetized, so we were constantly having to return to the front desk for assistance - no matter where we kept the card (ie far away from our credit cards, magnets, anything to demagnetize) it continued. The shower sprayed water all over the floor and the water pipes groaned all night. The front desk was less than helpful (when we called from the airport to ask what they recommend as the best way to the hotel, they answered, we don't know), but the consierge was helpful with train information.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PurseyHandbag
<Content>Comfort if not character A modern bulding, fairly recently refitted inside, with dark laminate flooring in the bedrooms and lots of minimalist beige fabric and sticks in vases everywhere. Initially slightly disappointed as we were paying a lot and our room wasn't huge (though it did have a sofa at the end of the bed for watching the telly) but the comfort and ease of everything soon grew on me. The room overlooked a busy road and the canal and up to the hectic Leidesplen with huge (totally sound-proof) windows, but the floor to ceiling curtains blocked out every scrap of light, so it was like waking up in a cosy cocoon. The bed was blissfully comfy, and the room on a chilly April weekend was just the right temperature. Our Dial-a-flight booking included buffet breakfast (otherwise offered at a 'special rate' of 17.50 euros) and it was fabulous. We ate bacon, eggs, sausages, every bakery product you could think of, fruit (prepared, dried or whole), cereals, yoghurts, cheese, meats, fish, salad, pasta, fried potatoes, delicious juices, coffee, tea etc, even fizz (you can tell I like my food) and at the weekend you can eat til noon. Hurrah! Easy walking distance from everything, tram stops nearby etc. So in summary - next time I personally would rather stay in somewhere more unusual for my money eg a houseboat or something grand and old like the Pulitzer. But we definitely had a lovely time at the nh. There are other nh hotels around which looked nicer too - the Doeren (?) being one.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CBMK
<Content>Expected more for the price Expected more from this hotel for the price. Location near the Leidesplein and museums was good. Was right beside the Vondelpark. Really thought that park would have some flowers in it during the spring. was disappointed with it. back to the hotel, couldn't believe the price we paid didn't include breakfast which was 鈧?4 a head. Room was nice, I liked the furniture but it wasn't that spacious.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>anonymousfromlondon
<Content>Very good hotel I stayed in this hotel for the weekend and then for a couple of days on business. The room was spacious, clean and very comfortable .The location is great, nice to be away from the hussle and bussle of the Dam Square area making the stay much more relaxing. The transport links around the hotel are good and its near all the main museums. Service was friendly and helpful. I would recommend for both a weekend stay and for the business traveller  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moden Hotel, Great Location, Great View, No Air Conditioning This hotel is very centrally located. There are bars and restaurants located on the same street and many more within walking distance. Many sites are accessible by foot and others are accessible by a short tram ride (the tram is located close by).Taxi from the train station to the hotel was not very expensive and it was just a short ride.We requested and received a great view of a canal.The staff was very helpful in giving us advise and arranged travel back to the airport.The rooms are very modern; the bathroom was a good size; and the curtains/drapes were heavy and dark to block out the sunlight so that we could sleep in. This hotel was comparable to a W Hotel in the U.S.We stayed at the hotel in May 2005 and it was unseasonably warm for that time of the year. The hotel rooms are not equipped with air conditioning and it was very hot. The hotel staff accommodated by providing us with a fan, but it took them a long time to locate one.Bottom line -- great hotel, great rooms, great location  view -- just keep in mind that there is no a/c and a fan may not be provided.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spot on for a weekend away!!       Bedroom 1  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, will definitely stay again This is a fantastic hotel. Really stylish rooms and we had a great view over the City (great for seeing some of the fireworks on NYE). The location is perfect, really close to excellent restaurants and bars in the Leidseplein (not sure what direction the traveller who said you had to walk aways to these amenities was going!!). There's even an Indonesian restaurant next door and if you're desperate a Pizza Hut a couple of doors down! The Vondelpark is just behind the hotel and is a beautiful place, even in winter. The main museums (Rijks and Van Gogh) are just a 5 minute walk away. There's even a Canal boat tour just opposite the hotel. We got a great rate on Expedia and would definitely stay there again and we're Amsterdam veterans.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Great Location! Nice size rooms, but no tub. Tubs upon request. Pleasant staff and very helpful. For the price you can't beat the location. They do not have a pool or hottub. You must pay to us the fitness center facilities. E-mailed ahead for non-smoking room and upgrade. It was a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thesujman
<Content>Its all good Stayed for 3 nights in December 2005. We paid about 拢85 per night and it wasn鈥檛 too bad. Room was on the small side (got the room on an allocation on arrival deal) but the quality was excellent. They also honoured our request for a non smoking room. Our room was a small rectangular shape, ok for a very short stay but would have been too cramped for anything longer. Bed was queen size, small but firm and comfortable. Shower / bathroom was spacious and excellent!Location of this Hotel was excellent, Leidseplein area of Amsterdam. Plenty of trams heading in different directions and taxi ranks minutes away from the hotel. Also nearby a large casino complex and close to the famous museums and Vondel Park. Don鈥檛 be put off by people who say its far from the Red Light District, Dam Sqaure or Centraal Station. Trams are quick and easy when you have luggage and everything is a pleasant walk away at other times. We spent hours browsing through the myriad of side streets of Amsterdam.Only thing that annoyed me with this hotel was the website gave the impression gym facilities are free (a main reason for choosing this hotel and not any other) but you have to pay EURO12.50 per person per item per day. i.e. If you wanted to use the gym and then go for a sauna, price would be EURO25.00! Complained by email and got a complimentary upgrade and breakfast should I chose to stay at a NH hotel next time. However, without complementary gym usage, I doubt I would use it.No complimentary internet access either, have to pay a good EURO10+ for a 15 min ticket for the lobby computer. I used the in room TV internet facility for about EURO12.50 for unlimited access for 24hrs, which might be a better option for some.Although I was reasonably happy with this hotel (if the gym thing was free, I would have been very happy with this hotel) and now that I feel I don鈥檛 need to pay a premium for location (stay anywhere nice and walk / tram it to where ever you want to go), next time, I鈥檒l pick an equally good hotel but in a different, less obvious location and hopefully pay a lot less!!!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, Great location, Great service I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. The rooms were very nice and clean. The service was great. The best part was the location. I will definitely stay there again if I ever get back to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rkn777
<Content>Very Nice but not my favorite location Great rooms and great hotel. But, you will need the tram if your not into walking, and unlike some of the other hotels I have stayed at in Amsterdam (like the sister hotel, the NH-City Center Hotel) you must walk a ways to find food and drink. Rooms were awesome and should meet anyones standards, and the FedEx Kinkos is nearby for business travelers. I was happy I stayed here, but prefer the location of the other NH hotel.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location and Good Hotel We stayed in a superior room which was classy and had everything you might expect from a hotel.There are ice machines in the corridor and the staff are pleasant (except the barmaid who gave our twiglets to her friend!). We didn't eat at the hotel because all the restaurants/bars are within walkable distance - also good location if you are visiting Museums. Quite far from the Redlight district % Station but that means the hotel was quiet in the evening. One downside was the mosquitos that harrassed my boyfriend (but didn't bite me!) which is unusual in November...  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NH Serves its purpose My husband stopped in Amsterdam at the beginning of a 2 week vacation to Europe. We stayed 3 nights at the NH Sept.15-18th. It definitely looks nicer in the pictures but overall it was perfectly suitable. Large room, comfortable bed, seating area, clean and modern. We loved the location because you could step out of the hotel and be in the action or walk to museums. The staff was efficient, not overly friendly or unfriendly. I think it was great for a short stay and is comfortable enough. Nothing to rave about but fine.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

