<Author>SebastianWales
<Content>Lovely place but do be carefull here. We stayed here from the end of nov 08 for two weeks, i emailed the hotel before hand asking could we have a room with a good view and we were given a fantastic free upgrade to a junior suite.The junior suite was huge compared to normal rooms,it was beautifully decorated, it had a MASSIVE bed that was really comfortable,tv, fridge stocked daily, balcony , two sofa s in the lounge area....on the first week the tv had quite a few english speaking channels including a film channel, but for some reason in the second week they scrambled these channels,which was a shame as early evening we chilled out in our room and tv would of been nice.Food.Food was great, plenty of choices for every meal and also lots of places to choose to eat at.The food was well presented and the carvings out of fruit were fantastic.We did have difficulty booking the food resturants as they were fully booked, so only ate once at the steakhouse, which was good though.Beach.The beach was beautiful white sands, blue sea but the sea was very rough and i was dissapointed as i couldn t snorkle on quite a few days, and people should realise the sea is very dangerous for young children . The force of the waves and the undercurrents took both of us off our feet lots of times and dragged us under the waves.The beach tended to be a bit crowded and although the hotel says no booking of beds on the beach people still did so we had to join the towel game or we would not of got a place on the beach with shade....most mornings i was up and down the beach by 7am and a lot of the beds were already gone by then.Pool.The pools were huge and clean and great fun to swim in, plenty of beds and shade around the 2 pools, no swim up bar though.Entertainment.The entertainment was very poor, the evening shows didnt start till late and then although the staff did their best the entertainment was not up to our standards, and we left to go to our room most nights early.The entertainment during the day was the usual archery, tennis, rifle shooting, volleyball, waterpolo, aerobics...etc.Grounds.The grounds of the hotel ( s ) were well maintained, the staff were constantly cleaning and very attractive, fantastic of an evening with their christmas lights lit.Staff.The staff were very friendly,and very helpfull,couldnt do enough for us.Tipping.You do not Have to tip, of course staff would like you to tip , but you do not have to and staff did not make you feel that you Had to tip them, you get the same service from them either way.Now credit card fraud,Before leaving i read a review from here which stated that it is possible for staff to enter your safe and copy your info on your credit card, this made me very wary, so when using our safe i set traps, i placed a few items in front of the safe so only we knew how they were looking,so we would know instantly if anyone has been in our safe. We had no problems untill the last couple of days when we had booked a trip out, reception desk knew we were gone all day because i had needed their services as the bus hadnt turned up. When we arrived back the cards used to enter your rooms didnt work, then on entering our room i found the safe open.!!Nothing was missing at all and we had plenty in there, 拢200 english, $180 dollars. 2 mobile phones, a camcorder and an expensive gold chain and my credit card....which instantly made me think they have taken my credit card details.My first thoughts were did i forget to lock it.....the safe itself is a combination safe where you make up your own combination of numbers which these numbers are needed to also lock the safe.But the safe had not been locked up it was opened and the door pushed shut but not locked, And one item was not in the correct place...now i put the items in place After locking the safe cos you have to move these items everytime you need to open the safe door as the door swings outwards...Which told me instantly someone has been in our safe.!Our rep lady Edith from first choice was shocked and she did her best to help us, she filled out an incident form asking the hotel for a report of all door entrances to our room, she spoke to the manager of the hotel who was not interested, so all she could offer was write us a report and advised us to cancell our credit card.In was not happy paying the bill for the hire of the safe at the end of the holiday, and Edith did her best to try to cancell this bill but again the manager didnt want to know and demanded we pay it, Edith advised me to use the claim form to try to claim this back through first choice, which is on going at this moment.OVERALL.We had a nice holiday, and we met some lovely friendy people there,but it was spoilt with the incident with the safe, im not the only person to have had trouble please read back these reviews to June and other dates and read for yrself.Please be carefull your credit card is not safe, it looks like your personal details are not safe and are being passed on to others , and before you know it your next credit card bill is hundreds of pounds more and not been spent by yrself.Feel free if anyone wants any more info to just ask me.Sebastian and Susan from South Wales...Uk.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>Tropicalstyling
<Content>Couldn't have asked for more!!! Oceangirl ,you totally summed it up!! I made myself sick reading reviews for months for this trip! Who are these miserable people?First, the airport was so cute! Thatched roof  open walls . We were in the airport probably 30 min. total from immigration to walking out with our luggage to the van where we were brought to our hotel. The lobby was so beautiful, all open walls, cozy sitting areas, a pond with little water animals and a fountain. We weren't even done signing papers and we were greeted with a frozen drink the cart was there loading our luggage and us to our rooms. All the buildings all have open corridors and halls with beautiful vines , tropical foliage and a pond in the center.The room was spotless ,bathroom too! (Really I'm not germ crazy but I've seen too many Dateline specials!) I actually brought lysol and bugspray! Happy to say, never broke the seal on either. They sprayed the perimeter for mosquitos , only saw one. The pools were huge with trees planted throughout, 5 1/2 ft at the deepest. Every morning aerobics in and out of the pool and dance lessons. Many umbrella chairs at the ocean, we had a few days we had to be crafty and drag them together in order to get 6. The ocean is so breathtaking!! Huge waves to dive and a coral reef just out from our beach, my husband spent a lot of time out there. There are complimentary snorkeling supplies but we brought our own masks and snorkels. You can see a shipwreck from our beach also, you can take a kayak out to it (also complimentary) but the waves were pretty big so we did a snorkeling trip with the hotel for around $40 a person that took us for a ride around it. Then we went out to reefs a few miles away. Had fun but my 7 yr old got to nervous out so far, we went to a great reef and fed the fish. Make sure you stuff some bread in a bag for the trip the fish loved it and came right to you. Parts of the reef are almost to the top of the water so you can get scraped if your not careful. We did the stringray bay and nurse shark snorkeling trip. My daughter loved it and it was a great way to break into it. We got to touch and feed the stingrays and swim with the sharks, they stay in the bottom and have no teeth but still great fun. More experienced snorkelers may not be as thrilled. The people that work in the water are wonderful and helpful, they took my underwater camera and took a bunch of close up pictures we would never be able to get. They also walk around with trays with drinks and fruit, then you get a dance show, very fun.  The food was very good, there was so many choices, different stations set up, salad station, coldcuts, fruit and dessert, pasta, meat, oven fired pizzas and breakfast and lunch go the same way. Honestly by the last day we really weren't even hungry anymore, but theres something to be said for not having to make it or clean it up yourself!!!! You can go back 50 times if you want, you push your plate over a little too far and someone takes it on you!!! The wine wasn't so great with dinner but really how much more can you ask for!! I wish I had brought a little garlic salt though, the style of food doesn't seem to call for the amount of garlic we are used to! Also make sure you make dinner reservations when you get there or you may not get into the specialty restaurants. We waited 2 nights and only had the option of the steakhouse at 9:30, so we went to the buffet at 6:30 when it opened for a lite dinner and to feed my daughter in case she didn't like the menu, worked out great and they called our room when they had cancellations for other restaurants. The Bavaro is beautiful, make sure you walk through, my husband brought his laptop to catch on emails and found free internet in the lobby there (oops) If they have one of the merchant sales in the lobby DO NOT PAY EVEN HALF PRICE!!!!!! I got pushed into looking at 5 necklaces, the guy kept throwing them in my basket, and I thought they were all very beautiful, I wanted some amber to take home. He brings us off to the side, shows me the calculator reading $250! (believe me I cant imagine how hard these people work for their money and they have very little) But I work hard too! I told him no $50 and he said $80, I said very nicely, no I'm sorry I really don't need these,thank you anyways. He grabbed my husband aside and $50 it was!!! They won't let you walk away! Make sure you don't buy outside the hotel especially with a credit card or debit!!!! We had a wonderful time, better than I could have ever hoped of having, the weather was perfect, the room clean and comfortable the grounds so meticulously kept. An occasional peacock of flamingo roaming around seemed to just add to the whole tropical experience. My heart sank walking out to get into the van, They want you at the airport 3 hrs early which worked for us because it took 1 hr to check our luggage! Bring food with you, we spent $37 on 3 chicken sandwiches with a coke and fries at the wendys in the airport!! It's open so you can go outside and sit after you check your luggage and go through immigration, maybe not much on security? We had a great experience here and would come back, the people are so nice, we went through $100 dollar bills tipping that week! We still got a deal and a half!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>oceangirl51
<Content>Iberostar magic at Christmastime! A friend and I stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana 12/4-12/10/08 and it was absolutely everything we wished for! From the moment I stepped off the plane and took in the delicious Dominican air I knew I was home......the sultry air, the sounds of PUJ, so many miles away from Logan Airport in so many ways! Upon entering the airport we had to pay a $10. entry fee....not sure what that is all about and never paid it before but the airport is just charming and from there it was on to our transfer....Arrived after a 40 minute ride and was offered a drink and a room after checking in with Frank, one of my new friends, but not one of my star friends that I am so fond of....Our room was basic, clean and very comfortable...with two double beds, a dresser, entertainment center with tv and sofa and coffee table. We spent a minimal amount of time in our room, never watched the tv but we did spend some lovely time on our beautiful balcony that overlooked the pool area as well as the lit up palm trees....indeed, the Christmas lights were the most beautiful I have seen....breathtaking to say the least. Speaking of Christmas, there is nothing more wonderful than eating breakfast in 80 degree weather while listening to Christmas Carols! This is an event I not only highly recommend, I believe it is something that everyone should experience at some point in their life.....if you haven't done it, make it a goal....there is no place I can think of where the Christmas spirit is evidenced like in the DR.The beach is gorgeous.......by far superior to the Mayan Riviera! I wonder if December is a month when the sea is more restless than usual...it certainly seemed to be the entire week. When I have been to PC in October, November and May it was calmer. I played continuously in the waves, diving into them over and over...it was thrilling to say the least.....I could barely make my way out but had to as Roberto was beckoning me from the beach restaurant bar....thanks Roberto....you make the BEST bloody mary to help me start my day! When Roberto was sent to the Punta Cana side, my affection was directed to a gentleman named Randy......and then I fell in love once more....those Stoli and tonics with a twist were absolute heaven and well worth coming out of the waves for........yummmmmmmm!Being the party animals we are, we spent our evenings down at the beach bar where my new wonderful friend Altogracia would bring us drinks and make sure we were hydrated and had plenty of laughs and conversation.....My heart dances every time I think of how lovely she is and it makes me sad that I can't have a chat with her tonite....I will be forever grateful for the opportunity of getting to know her and her children, even if her english is almost as limited as my spanish...we certainly understood each other and she is a pivotal person in my life. The time we spent talking will be in my heart forever!We went shopping down at the mall which was an event in itself......I bought some things from a man named Israel....number 6.....I had to tell him his prices were WAY too high and he laughed and took what I offered him.....alot of fun if you are in the right state of mind.I cannot comment on the pools...except to say they looked very nice.....in my mind there is no comparison to laying on my lounger and letting my foot drop off the side to touch the sand...mmmmmmm....while listening to the sounds and smells of the ocean....and the sun beating down on me.......swimming in clorox and walking on cement are no comparison. I will say there is no pool bar which is probably something pool people look for but the bar is close by.I was taken on a ride by one of the employees around all the resorts and I must say, the Dominicana was decorated alot more than the Punta Cana side. The Bavaro side was also lit up very festively.....I might make that my next destination.....As usual the time to depart came far too quickly and my heart felt heavy as I prepared to leave.The flight home on American Airlines was a nightmare....left IBD at 1:00 PM for a 4:30 flight that never took off until almost 7:00PM and missed our connecting flight and arrived home at 3:00 AM and got to work at 8:00 AM.....next time I will look into other options....nonstop flights are hard to come by but the way AA handled the whole trip was horrid....some of the people from Punta Cana had the door shut on them when there were plenty of seats open on the trip from Miami to Boston. We would have all waited another hour to let everyone on. Those poor people had to wait until the following day to leave Miami and return to Logan. No matter....I am dreaming of my next visit with my star friends; Ramon at the ice cream bar....50 cent.....and of course my favorite waiter, Victor.......until we meet again.......  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JackD-Man
<Content>Amazing vacation We stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana from Dec.2 - Dec.9. We are a couple (28 and 24). This was our first all-inclusive though we had been on cruises before. Flight and Arrival: We flew from Boston with a stop in San Juan,PR then on to Punta Cana. We spent the night before our flight at a Comfort Inn outside Logan Airport that had a Marguaritas Restaurant on the 1st floor. Great idea. Starts the vacation a day early in our eyes. They have a park,stay, fly package that costs the same or less as leaving your car at the airport for the week. They shuttled us over to the airport 2.5 hrs before the flight was scheduled to leave. Plenty of time as the flight was a 7:30 am flight.Everything went smoothly when we landed in San Juan and changed planes. A little scary when you sit in a 60 seat twin prop plane and they make some people move around to evenly distribute the weight.... But hey. From San Juan onto Punta Cana was fine. You get off the plane without a jetway so be prepared to walk down some stairs. When you arrive you pay $10 a person (scam) for a tourist pass then go through customs (5 minutes) and then onto the luggage area. Once you get your luggage a go to the curb be prepared to be bombarded with people attempting to carry your bags the 25ft to the curb. We politely declined and met with VIP travel who was our shuttle to the resort. Aprox 30 minute ride.Check-In : Check-in took 5 minutes and was very easy. You get your room keys, towel cards, and a packet of info. All of the bellboys were busy at the time so they put our luggage aside and it was at our room with-in 15 minutes.Room: We were in Room 4035 which is on the first floor and in the section closest to the beach and pool which was fine with us. We had requested a King bed and they had accomidated us. We were looking at the street with all the little shops on it from our balcony. Could have used a better view sometime but it was good to be on the first floor when we locked ourselves on the balcony.... Our room had a little couch in front of a 15 TV. The only english speaking channels we were able to get were CNN and the cartoon network. But we werent there for the TV. (ESPN would have been nice though..) The mini fridge had aprox 4 beers (Brahma?) and 4 bottles of water, plus a few assorted bottles of soda. Also next to the fridge is a big bottle of water, that we used to brush our teeth. There is also a room safe which was included in our room rate.The bathroom was OK. Clean. But we did find a few really tiny ants a few times, but nothing too bad. Plenty of towels and toiletries are provided. We only had them clean the room every other day as we liked to sleep until 8am and keep the do not disturb sign out and just change it when we wanted the room cleaned. We would leave a few $1's in the fridge with a list of what we would like and they were always accomidating.The Grounds: The grounds were beautiful. They were all decorated for Christmas time. Lights everywhere. Someone was always cleaning the grounds. Theres also geese, flamingos, peacocks,egrets and a wild chicken walking around the grounds.Food and Drink: The buffet food was pretty good. A little bland at times but other than that good. I honestly dont see why people complain so much about it. Awesome homemade bread and homemade donuts at breakfast. I could always find something to eat and Im pretty picky. My gf loved all the choices and all the fresh fruit. I liked the rotiserrie chicken at the lunch buffets. Also I liked the lunch buffet that they served at the steakhouse the best. Nice to eat with your feet in the sand. There is a late night buffet as well for those late night munchie trips. Nothing special but I usually had some pizza. Now for the Ala Carte resturaunts, Mexican- OK, nothing special. I had pork and steak tacos and I honestly forget what my gf had. It wasnt very memorable. It wasnt worth it to reserve this restaurant in our eyes.Oriental- Amazing is all I can say. We both loved this restuarant. Everything was good. The appetizers, entrees, and dessert. This was our favorite restaurant.Steakhouse- Very Good. I was impressed. Its set in the sand so its a very good experience. The steaks were pretty good but I liked the atmosphere the best of all the restuarants. Carribean - We managed to get into a 4th restuarant by just going up to the reservation table that night to see if they had any available. This is the seafood restuarant (which I don't like) but my fiance loves. I had the one pork dish which was Ok but she had a tuna dish she said was very good.Drinks: MamaJuana.... Try it. Awesome. I loved it. I drank my share of it while here and took some home. The lobby bar makes some of the better drinks with higher quality alcohol. They had Stoli vodka, Tanqueray gin, Bombay Sapphire gin, Jim Bean bourbon and a few other decent alcohols. Just make sure you ask for them by name. They also made a decent BloodyMary after breakfast. The beach bar makes decent drinks but if you drink the frozen drinks like my fiance does , make sure you ask for extra rum of you hardly get any. They make a mean Long Island iced tea (damn strong). Presidente is the beer of choice down there. As a guy who likes a good microbrewbeer, its not that good. But if you like some of the mass market beers its not that bad. It wasnt that bad though to just quench the thirst, I did drink quite a few. I always tipped a few dollars a night or day to the bartenders and alot of times the bartenders jumped the line to serve me before some people infront of me. Just a dollar every other drink goes a long way. Beaches: Perfect!! Couldn't complain. It rained for 5 minutes the entire week we were here. The beaches were amazing. We always went down between 8-9am and found 2 chairs together (usually near the bar areas). You might have to walk down the beach a bit somedays. We also noticed open palapas most days at 8am but we enjoyed the sun more. We did get one on one day but never used it so we didnt want to waste one if people wanted some shade. Be prepared to see topless women. At first you only see a few women but by the end of the week it seemed like alot more. I think its contaigous.. lol. I didnt mind but Im just sharing. I did some snorkeling in the swimming area over the little corral area. There were quite a few fish in the area. Hint: Bring a leftover roll for the fish. They will eat right out of your hand. You can borrow snorkling equipment from the diveshop for 1 hr a day for free. If you walk down the beach to the flea market, good luck. You have to bargain for everything. Most things you can get for 25% of the asking price. I didnt mind it that much but they are very pushy. Bought alot of touristy xmas gifts. Just an example, we were looking at a painting they had and they said it was $160, we ended up getting it for $35.If you walk the other way by all the resorts you'll notice how nice the beach area of the Iberostar is. Much wider and cleaner. Pool: The pools were beautiful. Very clean, not too much chlorine which was nice. Wish we had a swim up bar but you can always bring a few drinks over. We didnt use the pool much other than hopping in after the ocean. It was about the same temp as the ocean. The Disco: My fiance loves to dance and the disco wasnt the best. The disco setup is kinda of neat. It is a former DC_6 plane that has been cut up. The wings are now the 2 bars and the cockpit of the plane is the DJ booth. I know that they have to entertain different ages and nationalities but the music left alot to be desired. You could watch the crowd get on the dance floor when a decent song came on and then file off when the other music went on. I think they could have played to the crowds tastes a little more. Staff: The staff was amazing. Very friendly and polite. Always have a smile on their face.Excursions: We ended up doing a 2 hr horseback ride which was amazing. Its about a 40 minute ride from the resort. You ride out to a beach and then take a few pictures. Then you ride to another beach where they cut some fresh coconuts off the trees for you to drink and eat. They ask if anyone would like to do a full gallop down the beach. I tried it and my girlfriend did a half gallop. It was alot of fun. I recommend you try it if you ever get the chance. Departure: Our bus left the hotel at 130pm and our flight left at 430pm. It was a bit of a cluster leaving as they drop you off and dont explain which line to get into. But once you figure it out it goes smoothly. We had a stop in Miami which is a pain as you have to get off the plane to go through customs, pick up your luggage and then check your luggage again before leaving. But both flights went very smoothly and we were home on time.All in all we had an amazing vacation. Got engaged on the beach under the stars. Would definately go back again as well as recommend it to all our friends. Sorry for the book and thanks for reading.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kaylakitty
<Content>Just as good the second time around... We stayed here two years ago and really liked it at that time... so we came back for a second time around. We had a wonderful time!!! Staff was very friendly and our room was very clean and cheerful. The food was very good too... ate lunch at the La Cana everyday and the staff was extremely attentive. Would highly recommend it and will certainly go back.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>km0ss
<Content>Fantastic My husband and I stayed at the Dominicana at the end of November for 2 weeks with First Choice.I cannot find any fault with the hotel. I was a little worried before we left as some reviews had been a bit negative. We had no complaints and have travelled extensively.Rooms - we stayed in a Junior Suite. It was beautiful. Excellent bathroom and very large bedroom with vaulted ceiling.Food - an incredible choice. We never tired of what to have. The Gormet and Steakhouse restaurant's were our favourite al la carte. Go for the ribeye steak over the rump.Entertainment - Star Friends were full of energy and enthusiasm. They are great fun but are happy to leave you in peace if you prefer. The night shows are varied. We enjoyed a couple of them.Staff - very friendly, and that includes everyone we came across.Pools - 2 massive, identical pools.Gardens - stunning.Beach - beautiful. Loads of space. Best frontage in the whole of Bavaro in our opinion.We loved it so much that we would definately go back to the same hotel another time.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>youngedward
<Content>Excellent The customs and immigration checks were dealt with quickly and efficiently. We cleared the airport without much delay. The trip from airport to the hotel was only about 40 mins and the check in was smooth and fairly quick.The resort was much bigger than I had expected but was none the worse for that.The rooms were very comfortable without being luxurious. The maid service was second to none and the room was left spotless everyday. The arrangement of the towels,although trivial I suppose, had to be seen to be believed. We left the maid $2 US a day tip, but others in the party didn't and got the same service.The restaurants were well staffed and the food on offer was great in quality and variety. It was presented on smallish dishes which were replaced regularly and so there was always fresh food available. The service was good and friendly.We ate in 3 of the specialist restaurants and they were all good.The bars were all well staffed and there was never any delay in getting served. The drinks weren't watered down and there were convenient bars on the beach and in the mainbuilding.The pools were extensive and kept spotless and although there were a lot of children about it wasn't too rowdy.The beach was fantastic. Clear seas, soft white sand and not a stone or rock to be seen. There were plenty of shades and loungers. It's quite simply the best beach I've been on. There were no hawkers or other pests and so it was easy to relax. There were a lot of topless women (and some should have known better!) which shouldn't be a problem but if it will offend don't go.Max and the boys at water sports were really helpful and the catamarangs were great fun. The night time entertainment was quite good fun, but you could take it or leave it.The place is a bit like United Nations, and there is a wide mix of nationalities there. Again that didn't detract from our enjoyment at all.We went on the Tropical Storm trip and I would thourougly recomend it.The only downside was that almost half the hotel was undergoing refurishment. The work went on un-noticed and didn't affect our stay but the resort was full enough. It wasn't too crowded when we were there, but I can imagine that it could be when all the rooms are occupied.I would go back tomorrow if it was going to be the same as the last trip, but I would hestitate if it was going to have 30% more guests.One note of warning regarding Punta Cana Airport. They were red hot on excess baggage. The UK end didn't mind the odd Kilo over but in Punta Cana they charge $20 US per kilo excess and no exceptions. While we were checking in two couples on adjacent desks were charged $80 and $100 respectively. Next time I go I'll take a couple of Kilos less than max to be on the safe side.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Susieboouk
<Content>Perfect for a relaxing holiday Firstly, let me just give you a quick background on my previous travels to give you an idea on my comparisons. I've been to Barbados, Mexico (Iberostar Tucan/Quetzal), Dom Rep twice (Iberostar Hacienda Dominicus  Iberostar Dominicana), Egypt, Dubai, Malaysia, Thailand, Australia, lots of places in Europe and will shortly be off to the Maldives, Cuba and then Jamaica.. I have also been a travel agent for both Going Places  First Choice and to say I am a little holiday obsessed would be an understatement! We went to this hotel for two weeks last November for a much needed rest after a pretty traumatic year and we couldn't have come back feeling more chilled out! Having been to previous Iberostars, I pretty much knew what to expect and we are big fans of this chain anyway. I knew that this hotel may not quite live up to the Iberostar Tucan in Mexico but we found that we loved it for different reasons! Positives:- Beautiful gardens, lots of palm trees, lots of space and plenty of sunbeds with palapas, which were always available no matter what time you got up (unlike the IB Tucan!). -Lovely pools, very clean, again lots of space and easy to find quiet spots if you want to get away from the entertainment music. - Very nice beach with gorgeous palm trees everywhere, great for long walks up and down the beach - goes on for miles! Sea is a little rough for my liking but good fun and a lovely colour! Again, plenty of sunbeds  palapas.- I read previous reviews before I went and some people had complained about the food and the lack of choice.. I find this absolutely unbelievable and couldn't help commenting about it to my fiance after most meals! There is soooo much to choose from whatever your taste. There's lovely fish, seafood, meats, salads, pastas, chips, burgers, vegetables, fruits, loads of desserts, etc... the list is endless! All of which were excellent. There are also the a la carte restaurants which were even better if that's possible! My favourite being the Oriental  Gourmet but we enjoyed all our meals at the a la cartes. There is also an American Diner which we ate at a couple of times (no reservation req) which was a nice change and the food was always good. - This was our first trip to the Dom Rep and we were blown away by the people. The staff were so friendly and helpful, always saying hello to you. We fell in love with the country because of this as everywhere you go you are met with smiling faces. So much so I went back to the Dom Rep 5 months later where I took my Mother to the Iberostar Hacienda in Bayahibe which is unheard of from me! (I don't normally visit the same country twice!). Make sure you tip the staff as they receive such little wages and they are very grateful for any extra they receive. Negatives:Honestly cannot think of one thing except the fact we had to come home! No, it doesn't have the jungle gardens of the IB Tucan or the amazing decor and surroundings of the IB Hacienda but we loved it anyway. We also had a walk round the neighbouring hotel - Iberostar Bavaro which is supposed to be better and is more expensive, I can honestly say I wasn't disappointed at all that we weren't staying there. The Pool seemed very cramped with very little space for sunbeds and we much preferred where we were. Excursions:Horse riding - we normally always go horse riding on holiday. It was very good and we went riding on a nice stretch of beach. The only thing I would say is that I usually where shorts which is normally fine but they canter a lot more on this one so long trousers are recommended - I still have the scars on my legs from where they rubbed against on the stirrups! Take a camera - the guides take photos for you all the time. Saona Island - This was in my opinion a highlight of our holiday, it is beautiful! The coach down to Bayahibe is quite far (1 and a half hours each way I think) which makes it a long day but it was worth it! Although, if you are planning on staying in Bayahibe one day, it may be worth waiting until then as it's only down the road to the port! I have been twice and love it. The water is as calm as a lake which is my idea of a perfect beach! If you take a walk to quieter parts it's really nice and I have some amazing photos which everyone comments on. You do the speed boat one way which is fun and the other way you do the catamaran which is so relaxing! Lunch  drinks are also included on the island and is perfectly fine. Make sure you use Mozzie repellant though as I got bit A LOT whilst there. - Monster Truck Safari - this was such good fun and a great way to see some of the countryside as you're quite high up in the trucks. You also get to see the way of life for the people there which is very humbling. You visit a typical Dom Rep house, a school, sugar cane fields, etc.. you also stop at a river for lunch which was lovely for a quick dip and another place where you can eat fresh fruit and buy coconut cream paste in jars - you must try it! I need to go back to buy some more! Also don't forget to buy some coffee (cheaper in hotel!) and take back for family  friends - it is fantastic! The trip is not only fun but very educational. Anyway, if you are in any doubt, just go, I promise you that you will have a fab time!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GillLeicesterUK
<Content>Relaxing holiday We stayed at The Dominicana from 13th October-28th.The ride from the airport took about an hour but the roads were'nt bad.Check in was quick and the room was immaculate if a little tired.A few days befor we flew,Thomas Cook emailed to say that there was abit of work going on.Virtually the whole Punta Cana side of the resort is been refurbished so some of the facilities were not available.It could get abit noisey round the pool but we actually found it ok as it meant that the pool and bars were quiet as half the hotel isn't occupied.IWe left a couple of dollars a day and the fridge was kept well stocked. we found the buffet abit repetitive but ok.I didn't touch some of the salad accompaniments though as they were not on cold plates and there were flies on things like tuna and eggs which seemed abit dodgy.We all had off tummies at one time or another over the two weeks.I didn't find the drinks watered down,they were fine.The wine was abit sweet for my liking but if you ask for Champagne,you get a sparkling wine thats quite dry and pleasant.We went to all the speciality restaurants and found them ok. The pool is lovely,the beach is fantastic,although my daughters were embarrassed by the amount of topless on the beach-they also let it all hang out around the pool which is not supposed to be allowed.We went on a day Mega Truck excursion which cost 拢230 for 3 adults and 1 child.It was a great day out and a wonderful way of seeing abit more of the Dominican-if you plan to do this I would recommend taking sweets to give out for the kids.The shop on the resort was very expensive,we walked up the beach to the shacks-my husband wandered off and I got seriously hasselled but if you are willing to barter there are some good deals,just be careful they will rip you offSpeaking of ripping off-at the airport on our way home we got ripped-the check in man told me I was over the luggage allowance-we were under weight in the uk coming out,had bought nothing but a t shirt and a necklace and had left all our toiletries and medicines for the locals so we were sure we were ok.He winked at me and I thought he was just joking.An hour later,he approached us in Departures with a work mate and told us that we had to pay him $50 or $100 with a reciept we argued with him but worried we may not see our cases again so we paid up.We spoke to other Brits in the airport who had been ripped so please beware.Its a shame because it left abit of a bitter taste after a nice holiday.The majority of the Domincan people were lovely,kind,attentive and dignified,unlike some of the visitors.So in summary- a nice hotel,lovely people,food not bad,just could be better.Beautiful beaches ,really enjoyed it just be careful at the airport!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bodytone
<Content>brilliant holiday we have just returned from the dominicana after having a wonderful relaxing holiday, right from the minute we checked in the staff could not do enough for you.our room in the main block was spotlessly clean and welcoming with the towel and flower arrangements the bed linen was spotless and the beds extremely comfywe ate at the speciality restaurants but enjoyed the variety of food in the buffet and the quality was excellent,our waiting staff made a fuss over us at every visit they were nathaniel ,jacqueline and victor ,our iced water and wine glasses never ran dry,the staff at the poolbar in the evening were also brilliant ,they were ana,kirsys and barman emilio,i have stayed in many different countries and found that the staff across the board genuinely enjoy their jobs and if you tip them it is a bonus not an obligationthe gym for fitness people like my husband was a godsend as it is fairly well stocked if you are reading this (the manager of the dominicana ) it could do with a rowing machine but it opened promptly at 7 oclock every morning we made good friends in chris and tracey and claire and dave.we liked it so much we have already booked to stay in february cant wait  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChrisandBryan
<Content>Excellent Holiday We stayed here from the 8th - 22nd September, and had a really wonderful time. This is the 6th time we have been to the Dominican Republic and this was the best time we have had. Check in was easy, but then we only dropped off 6 at this hotel, and I did see many more some days so I imagine this can vary. The room was one of the Junior Suites, it was always spotless, decor is a little dated (the Hotel has been open 11 years), but I think they are just starting to renovate the rooms as a block near us was just being done. However this is not important to us as we were out of the room by 7am to make the most of the best beach I have ever been on. It really is beautiful, the sand is so fine and the sea is so turquoise. Some days there was some weed (funny that !!) and some days there was none at all, but we arrived after the Hurricane had passed quite nearby and thought there would be more. It is cleaned every morning by the staff. Now the beach antics of some nationalities (and there are people from all over the world here) is hilarious not to mention downright rude, and it was not the German people. If you dared move your beds into the sun from under your umbrella then you better leave something underneath (pref 2 beds!!!) or someone would be in there like there was not another single bit of shade on the beach !! not the case just walk along the beach a bit and there was plenty! By day 3 we were ready. The Iberostar hotels here are the only one who provide shades on the beach.The food was very good, breakfast was my favourite, the iced doughnuts are surely the work of the devil !! If you are up late there was always a very nice breakfast by the pool. We only ate in the buffet a few times in the evening and made the most of the other restaurants which we really enjoyed. The Gourmet restaurant only has a set menu, so read it before you go in. I tried the Lobster (never eaten it before) and asked if I could have it out of the shell ( I dont do legs!!) I really enjoyed it. The Steakhouse was good, as was the Oriental, where the starters were too good!!! The pool restaurant food was good although tended to be the same sort of things. They were cooking outside everyday, and there was always plenty. However people ignored the cover up policy and a pot bellied pig in speedos could fair put you off your lunch!! not to mention people with ample bottoms in thongs. Booking the speciality restaurants is an experience! The ladies on the desk just graduated straight from the Victor Meldrew school of charm!! and people dont queue (quaint british custom/sign of good manners) so take a mental note of where you are in the queue.We did not use the pool at all as the beach is so beautiful, but there seemed to be plenty of shade and beds, but that was prob the time of year.We dont drink a huge amount and tend to stick to wine, which is fine and quite drinkable, so not sure about the watered down thing. Sometimes the soft drinks from the bars were flat, please tell them, as if you dont they may not notice. The gardens are absolutly beautiful and there is always someone working on them. They trim the small hedges and trees with what can only be described as a nasty looking murder weapon!! No strimmers and electric hedge trimmers here!!The entertainment was ok, but if we didn't like it, we didn't watch it (simple really) They are trying to please everyone and I would not want that job!The absolute gem of this Hotel is the Staff, NEVER have we made so many friends, they are so nice , some speak better English than others and some appear to understand (but dont !!) and a Tip goes a long way. We learnt to speak a little more Spanish and they are delighted to help you with this. I only hope they are all still there when we return next year, which we are just about to book. The things that were important to us are more than covered here. But if you want contemporary decor, room service, a spa bath ,alcohol in your fridge other than beer and your dinner served to you every evening then expect to pay a whole lot more about 拢500 ish in another hotel. Our friends also stayed here in July and thoroughly enjoyed it too. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bubbles705
<Content>Relaxing vacation We just returned from a week at the Iberostar Dominicana. Our family of 5 had a great time. The ride from the airport to the resort was very nice, not at all bumpy like many other reviews stated. We actually didn't see any potholes at all.  Check-in was very easy and fast. After we checked in we made our restaurant reservations, that was not so fast. It actually took about an hour. The woman at the desk was doing other things in between. Room - Our rooms were very clean and spacious, we were on the top floor and we had very high ceilings. The air conditioning worked very well, it was a great feeling stepping into our room after being out anywhere else in the resort. There is virtually no air conditioning anywhere else, except the casino and a couple of the specialty restaurants. The only problem with the room was that we had tiny ants on the dresser and in the bathroom. I bought bug spray with me and I would spray the dresser every day or so. These little ants were also on the balcony and in the buffet restaurants (many times you would see them on the tablecloths and even in the glasses and on the dishes-just be sure that before you take a plate that you look at it closely). The buffets were very good, so much to choose from. We actually preferred the buffets to the specialty restaurants. We ate at La Pagoda-Oriental, didn't particularly care for it. Portions were on the small side. La Cana - steakhouse, my rib steak was tasty but very fatty. Everyone else in our family got the sirloin steak and everyone found it very tough. La Miramba-seafood, this was actually pretty good from the appetizers to the dessert - the chocolate hazelnut cake was delicious. The Star Rock Cafe is also a sit down restaurant - you don't need reservations for this one. We thought the food was very good and we liked the atmosphere. There is an air hockey table and a pool table there, I believe it is $1.00 to play. We were warned to not drink the water, but we did anyway. We asked a few waiters and they said that the water on the resort was purified. I'm not really sure about that, being that my husband and youngest son got sick towards the end of our stay. I drank the water, as well as my 2 other sons, and we did not get sick. So, I'm not sure if it was the water or the food, even though we found the food to be very good overall.The Beach - absolutely gorgeous!!No problem in finding shade, you may have to walk around a little bit, but we never had a problem. There are women that go topless, so if you have small children, you might want to let them know beforehand. The first day, my 9 year old thought it was weird, even though I told him that many people do this. By the third day, it didn't even faze him. The Pool - very big. The only problem was that it was way too warm. The other thing that We didn't like was that the pool closed at 7:00 pm. This was very odd, as we like to hang out by the pool in the evening when we're on vacation.Star Friends - GREATThey were so energetic all the time and so, so nice. Romeo is a blast!Tipping - Be sure to tip the maid a few dollars a day, and also anyone else who makes your stay alot nicer. Everyone really goes out of their way to make you comfortable. Nightly Entertainment - Just Okthis could use much improvement. The shows were very amateurish for the most part. Some of them were just okay. Also it is very HOT in the lounge.Drinks - very watered down. We drank, but never got a buzz.The bar in the lobby makes better drinks, if you want premium liquor, you have to ask for it.Safe in room - very handy. Some other reviews say that it is $2 a day, but we were not charged.Overall it was a very nice vacation. Would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Lizzypoo
<Content>Great, but didnt live up to my previous Iberostar Expectations...       Bracing for Fay  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Mom4kids
<Content>Fabulous vacation!!       The Lobby  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gabriele
<Content>Good Time Here This was a family vacation plus friends. We chose the Dominicana because we wanted an affordable all-inclusive that was on the beach and accessible to everyone in our group--Germans, Canadians and Americans. The hotel location is really great, you couldn't ask for a more beautiful beach. The hotel itself is just okay--nothing special but good enough for a family vacation. We weren't in the rooms much anyway. The staff is fantastic, accommodating and friendly. Food is good enough. The weakest drinks I've ever had! I was so glad I picked up a bottle of vodka on the way. Stick with beer. The biggest disappointment is the lack of air conditioning in the restaurants. No a/c in the buffets, seafood or steakhouse. The fancy restaurant barely cooled down. The only restaurant that was cool enough was the Mexican restaurant. There's a funny rule about only allowing three reservations per stay, which is odd considering those restaurants were mostly empty. A very inefficient restaurant booking system with long lines and a mean, unpleasant concierge. We called her the nazi. Still, a great stay overall and we would return.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>Aymbob
<Content>Brilliant       the beach  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Serbanique
<Content>iberostar dominicana review we just got back from a 2 week holiday at the iberostar dominicana, Punta Cana and would like to contribute to the reviews on this hotel.Check in/ room: was fast and easy (luggage not so fast, take it yourself) and the rooms quite nice and comfortable, initially we asked for a pool view with king size bed however they didn't have king size bed so moved us to other side which was actually quieter. the aircon sometimes smelled a bit as did the drains but only for a very short period of time. our room was always spotless and fridge filled up daily. Be prepared to pay $2 per day for the safe in your room!!!Food: the buffet restaurants(breakfast, lunch, dinner) were great, lots of variety, meats, fish, salads, fruits, desserts, pastas, pizza and had lobsters one night, which were delicious. As we were there for 2 weeks we booked all 5 a la carte restaurants (steak house, oriental, mexican, seafood and romantic) AND WERE EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED! The worst was the oriental - starters (buffet style) OK but main dishes virtually inedible, the mexican was very poor, tiny portions of rice and guacamole, and no spice whatsoever (dont bother with the margarita either)! the steak house was set on the beach and my piece of meat quite tasty however my boyfriend's stack of ribs was kids size. We thought the best one was 'la sibilla' (romantic) and in our opinion you are better off only booking this one and eating at the buffet instead. Thanks to a previous review we decided to visit 'jellyfish', which is a restaurant located on the beach about 15min by taxi from iberostar. They have amazing cocktails, seafood and most of all the restaurant itself is absolutely beautiful. Make sure you make a reservation through the hotel, you will then have to pay $20 for the cab ride and the restaurant will book and pay for the cab back - but confirm it with both cab driver and restaurant as he needs to get paid before you leave back for the hotel.Drinks: If you are a cocktail lover (or just like nice tasty drinks) like us then DON'T BOTHER. we were unable to get any decent cocktails such as a pina colada or daiquiri. All cocktails are made with almost no alcohol and extremely sweet 'slush' - crushed ice and flavoured syrup. on the first night we got pina coladas from the bar and turned them down thinking that it was a mistake, and after receiving a second round from the waitress we realized that we could forget about them. We ended up drinking: martini blanco, coke, kir royal and beer - not what we expected from such a hotel. I dont think it is the fault of the barmen, there were virtually no bottles on the shelves and when my boyfriend asked for a simple punch (rum, cane sugar and a squeeze of lemon) after 'discussing' with the manager, they gave him a caipirina. Beach: great, clean, comfortable, parasols for everyone!! quieter parts available for those who dont like to get involved with the activities. if you want front row seats you need to be there by 8am. Entertainment: mediocre, they had a live band next to one of the bars, which seemed to be on a break more than on stage performing. We saw a few shows on the main stage (broadway, musicals, dominican, cuban) and they were OK, however you wouldn't miss a thing if you stayed at one of the bars instead.Staff: friendly, helpful, smiling all the time, but limited english.Excursions: there are many on offer, we did two: Saona deluxe - luxury catamaran, champaigne, lobster, snorkeling, snaks and drinks on the catamaran. we visited the island of Saona in the south, swam in amazing turquoise warm waters, ate a delicious lobster lunch and were very well taken care of. there were only about 25 of us so all found a comfortable spot on the catamaran. this one was quite expensive at $165 per person but well worth it as we saw the other excursions which had about 60 people on board, with loud music and the guide shouting down the mike. we also did the 'Eco tour', which took us inland, around the area, and gave us a chance to see the 'real' dominican republic. be prepared for lots of children surrounding you at every stop and expecting sweet or a gift and be ready for some impromptu 'karaoke' from your guide and dancing on the bus. (cheeeeesy)Overall we had a nice, relaxing holiday, the weather was near to perfect, we ate a lot, drank too little, saw some of the country and were sad to leave. We would recommend this hotel to families and groups of friends but we would not return here ourselves, simply for the reason that we would like to try another hotel.Vanessa and Yvan.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bszarek001
<Content>Way too kid friendly! My wife and I are both working professionals with no children and were looking for a summer getaway to an exotic location. We went to a local travel agency and booked a vacation to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic for a week in early August. There were chartered flights leaving Cincinnati, OH directly to Punta Cana, which was extremely convenient and cost effective. The flight to and from Punta Cana from USA3000 was as near perfect as air travel can be nowadays. We arrived early on our trip down and left early and arrived VERY early on our trip back. I can鈥檛 say enough good things about the USA3000 staff and the flight crew. A few cautions for the Punta Cana airport. It鈥檚 very cute from the outside. The roof is constructed of palm leaves, much like a beach hut you will find at the resort. It鈥檚 very small, so you won鈥檛 have to taxi very long. There are no jetbridges, so be prepared for extreme heat as soon as you get off the plane. After you pick up your luggage, hold onto it for dear life, because apparently in resort areas, a booming business is luggage toting. You鈥檒l be accosted by hundreds of people trying to carry your bags 150 feet to the ground transportation. Don鈥檛 bother. Say 鈥渘o gracias鈥? carry your own bags, and find the guy holding a sign with your travel agency name on it. They will find your name on a list and direct you to the correct ground transportation. Be prepared: the roads in Punta Cana are AWFUL. If you are susceptible to motion sickness, be sure to take a Dramamine or something before you get in the van. The driving is INSANE. The roads are so bad that oftentimes the drivers will drive on the left side of the road for long stretches of time so as to not hit gigantic potholes. The resort itself is interesting. When you get there, there will be a guy to watch your luggage while you check in, so don鈥檛 be alarmed. He will also bring your luggage to your room for you. The room is pretty nice. There are a few American channels which is good. It鈥檚 tough to dry any clothes due to the humidity. Also, the device mounted on the wall in the bathroom was the poorest excuse for a hairdryer my wife has ever seen. Bring your own or air-dry your hair. The maid service is excellent here. For lunch, there are only two buffets, one at the Punta Cana (the sister resort) and one at the Dominicana. They are both average and serve their purpose. Also, the water and ice are perfectly fine there, so don鈥檛 worry about that. The table service at the buffets is very good. The dinner restaurants open at 6:30pm and are open until 10pm, I believe, so if you鈥檙e used to eating dinner early, you鈥檒l definitely have to shift your schedule. In addition, if you stay there for 7 days, you only get 3 dinner reservations. We made two reservations and didn鈥檛 bother with the last one after that. We went to the 鈥淪teak鈥?Restaurant and the 鈥淢exican鈥?Restaurant. The 鈥淪teak鈥?restaurant took nearly an hour to get our entr茅e, and it wasn鈥檛 prepared as requested. The dinner was small. Overall, it was a poor effort. The 鈥淢exican鈥?restaurant had better service, however the arrachera I ordered, which is a type of steak, was not good at all. I asked for medium-well and got charred on one side and bleeding on the rest of it. I couldn鈥檛 even eat it. We actually enjoyed the 鈥淪tar Rock Caf茅鈥? which is their attempt at a sports bar, and the Dinner Buffet was also pretty decent. The Beach vs. The Pool: If you have children and you have come to this resort with a family-centric purpose, then this is the place for you. There are children EVERYWHERE. The pool is average but there is no swim-up bar, which is a definite negative. It鈥檚 also very large, but between sections of it are these steps that you have to climb over to get to the other side. It was very strange. In addition, there is very little drink service at the pool area, so that is also another negative, considering there is no swim-up bar. The beach is FANTASTIC. It鈥檚 beautiful and the water is nearly crystal clear. We spent most of our time here, since we were trying to get away from the kids a little bit. I think some of the parents kept their kids near the pool due to the beach being a topless beach. You can tell that this resort prides itself on the beach area, which is evident in the number of shaded palm huts available on their portion of the beach. That being said, there is a huge problem with the reservation of these huts very early in the morning. I read about it in other reviews, and every word of it is true. People get up at 7 in the morning, take their beach towels from the day before, and 鈥渞eserve鈥?their huts before leaving and going to breakfast. This is against the hotel rules; however, it doesn鈥檛 seem to matter because there is really no way to police this. Unfortunately, you will have to play the game if you want a hut to relax in. I would definitely suggest doing this, even though I think it鈥檚 ridiculous that you have to. There is also no drink service on the beach either. This brings me to the nightlife, which is a serious issue with this resort. After waking up at 7am to 鈥渞eserve鈥?your beach hut, you are EXHAUSTED by the time 8 or 9pm rolls around. There are a few key bars at the resort. One is located near the lobby, which is where the stage is and the other is near the beach and is more of a 鈥渃hill鈥?bar. Like I said before, this resort is very family friendly. They have what鈥檚 called a 鈥淢ini Disco鈥? which is essentially all of the children up on stage until about 10:30 or 11pm doing the chicken dance. Now all of this is going on while you鈥檙e trying to have a drink and do more 鈥渁dult鈥?things. It is actually kind of weird for someone that is used to going to a bar and seeing adults. And this Mini Disco happens pretty much every night. So we tried to avoid the stage bar for the most part. The beach bar was nice, but boring. But it is relaxing and is nice scenery. The liquor is top shelf. Just make sure to ask for it, or you鈥檒l get the well liquor. The casino is a nice air-conditioned option, but it is smoke-filled as most casinos are. Overall, the resort is pretty nice, but if you are an adult or adult couple looking for a getaway from kids, I would not recommend this resort. In addition, if you don鈥檛 like to be around cigar/cigarette smoke, I wouldn鈥檛 recommend this resort. If you have children and are looking for a beach getaway, this resort will work, but if you are looking for nightlife, I would look towards an 鈥渁dult only鈥?resort in the area.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ptchn36
<Content>Awesome all the way Around We just returned from a wonderful getaway to Punta Cana and the Iberostar Dominicana was amazing. Our Apple representative welcomed us with drinks in hand and gave a great presentation to let us know everything that was going on at the hotel. Be sure to book your dinner reservations as they do fill up quickly. Don't worry though the buffet is great and be sure to try the smaller grills down by the beach for breakfast and lunch everyday. One tip I would give is to bring a big mug that keeps drinks cold, the temperatures are high and the drinks melt quickly but with our mugs we got about 2 1/2 drinks at a time and they stayed cold and were wonderful. Other reviews talked about how difficult it was to find chairs at the pool and beach, some people did reserve chairs with towels very early but it was never a problem to find a place you just might have to look. The staff was amazing, everywhere we went they had plenty of excellent help and it seems like everyone is helping just you. My only complaint as an American would be how totally rude and inconsiderate the European people are. We met many wonderful British people who were great but almost all others were clearly not thinking about anyone else. A warning or heads up to Americans there are many many topless women on the beach everyday so be prepared and don't stare you will look really dumb.It was an awesome vacation and amazing time so enjoy yourself and ignore those bad reviews.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ILChiTraveler
<Content>Get More For Your Money Elsewhere This is the 5th All Inclusive resort I've stayed at and was the worst of all. However, the beach was by far the most beautiful of all places I've been to. The food at the resort wasn't anything great. I would avoid all the al-a-carte restaurants except the Oriental. The food at the restaurants was not great so you're better off eating the buffet every night. The buffet had enough variety but definitely lacked in size compared to all the other all-inclusive resorts I've been to.The rooms were always clean, ac worked well, and the maid-service was outstanding. The room itself was dated and the beds were very firm. Double size beds were actually extra wide twins so book a room with a King size bed if possible. Even though it's all-inclusive, everyone demanded tips so that was a huge downfall, especially when tips are included with the price of your stay. And if you don't tip, you get slower service especially at the bar. So plan on spending quite a bit more than what you already paid for.There weren't a lot of activities to participate in at the resort. The shows were supposed to start at 9:45 pm but realistically didn't start until close to 10:15-10:30pm since the first half hour is an introduction to what the show is about and the show performers. My opinion - you can get more for your money elsewhere in the Dominican Republic. I would choose a different hotel than the Iberostar complex. I would recommend still going to the Dominican Republic as it was very beautiful and a great culture/atmosphere.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>nicsilta
<Content>Very Nice Family Vacation       punta cana 2008  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>sk1983
<Content>Lived like royals for two weeks       we were on the 3rd floor, this is a view of the central courtyard  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Arsenalforever
<Content>Paradise for a fortnight A group of 8 of us stayed in the Dominicana from July 14 to July 28, joined by another 6 on July 17. In addition another 6 came on July 17 staying in the Bavaro. Ages ranged from 14 to 56. The 8 of us had an unfortunate start in that we were delayed for 12 and a half hours at Gatwick and eventually flew out on a Tristar charted from the Portugese airline LuzAir - not the best way to travel!! However, this did not spoil our holiday.All 20 of us could not speak highly enough about this resort.. The adults were able to relax and the younger members could do their own thing with a Rock Cafe and night club and very good entertainments team.The rooms, gardens, pool and especially the beach made for a fantastic experience. The food was very good with plenty of choice and availability. The beach was just awesome, best I have ever seen. The staff were so friendly and helpful and couldn't be faulted - even with sweat dripping down their faces the bar staff were still smiling and joking. The beach bar was a must at any time of the day, situated right on the beach!! I found the beer and the spirits more than acceptable.I was a bit worried about the weather before I left, several different forecasts talked about rain and thunderstorms every day but how wrong they were. For 14 days we had clear blue skies and temperatures above 35C , very, very, hot. There were a few torrential downpours during the night. You have to be careful in these temperatures because on the beach there was always a nice onshore breeze. I burnt the first day and had to be very careful in the sun each day between midday and 2pm. The beach was and is mind blowing and allowed for endless walks in both directions. The sea was lovely, fresh to get in because of the breeze but very warm once your in. The sea was very clear and had lovely turquoise blue colous. We spent most of our time on the beach. My wife spent endless hours snorkellig just off the beach and was able to see lots of coloured tropical fish.The restaurants were good and the Steak restaurant was superb, we went there twice. I don't understand people saying they couldn't book up these restaurants - 3 days before leaving we booked the steak house for 14 - no problems and yet both hotels were full!! Our friends in the Bavaro spent a lot of their time with us at the Dominicana - as stated previously the Bavaro is a lot quieter and the Dominicana is busier and at the centre of things. The only slightly negative points I have is that the beach bar closed at 11pm - a bit early - and you needed to be up early to get a palapa/shade on the beach - 6.30 to 7am. However, there were always plenty of beach chairs available. The beach bar was nice in the evenings with the breeze. It does take a few days to feel comfortable evening time because of the humidity.Most evenings we visited the Casino - good fun even just watching and air conditioned! I didn't see much of the entertainment but those that did said it was good. Very nce bar called the Piano bar next door in the Punta Cana.We went on the Saona island trip - a very good all day trip and worth every penny - the island is very idyllic. Mind you the 2 hour bus ride each way is like a roller coaster ride - pot holes and bumps everywhere - not much chance of a nap! Some of our younger party thoroughly enjoyed the speed boat trips.As I said earlier a superb holiday - best for us yet. Suoerb location, ecellent layout and beach and a very friendly people. Certainly better than Cuba and Mexico. How anyone could not enjoy this place is beyond me - perhaps they shouldn't be holidaying in this part of the world! I would certainly return and probably will. I would reccomment this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jzjnumber1
<Content>Great Vacation-- Don't believe the few poor reviews       view from room  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>blanchevp
<Content>fabulous! My family and I went for a vacation and had a splendid time. The grounds are stunning, very well kept. Rooms are spotlessly clean and the beds were glorious! However, there was no clock radio in the room, so having no music for an audiophile was just a bit of a letdown. And the only reason you really need to know the time is for activities and dinner reservations, which were a little hard to get when you first arrive. The food was, at best, just okay, the buffet got tiring after awhile and some of the food the restaurants offered wasn't as good as advertised, but I didn't get to go to all of them, so I can't speak for them. Drinks flowed aplenty, seemed to be extremely watered down, but I guess that's a good thing, as no one needs to see lushes stumbling about! The staff is pleasant, fun and hilarious, not to mention extremely hard workers. Poolside activities were great, don't miss them! A pointer, if you choose to do step aerobics, don't do it in bare feet, that resulted in blisters! I cannot stress enough how beautiful this hotel was, I would highly recommend it for the value!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KeithPa
<Content>Minority if an American Well- If you only speak English - it's difficult. This resort is truly European - most people speak Spanish, French or German. The front staff spoke English but forget asking for help from the maid or people walking the grounds.Room was poor - air conditioning not working after the 3rd day someone finally came. The frig didn't work. I found out if you slip a $20 bill to the front staff you'll get what you need.We had 3 adults and 1 child in the room ( my son is 15 and considered an adult) but was expected to sleep on a small love seat that folded down to a so called bed. They charge him for an adult but he was given the child's bracelet and could not participate in adult programs - teen disco you must be 16.We could only schedule 2 restaurants that we wanted and got stuck with Mexican for the 3rd.We have been to several Iberostar All-Inclusive and this is the worst. If you want a great place - go to Iberastar Riveria Maya in Mexico.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	4	

<Author>Beebz
<Content>Fun for everyone - even you!       Iberostar Dominicana  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bubshaverhill
<Content>really good time Lets start with the bad, the room smelt foul most of the time but even though we were moved to another room it still smelt on/off we complained at the size of the beds they are barley 4ft wide and we had our daughter so there was no way we could sleep 2 adults in one of these we did complain immediatly and got a kingsize and single placed in our room instead. The rooms were kept clean and mini bar stocked up. The food was nice and plenty of choice but I did spent 2 nights in hospital with sickness and diarreah this was unfortunate but I guess its difficult to keep food hot and cold for long times even though they seemed to try. The entertainment was good and the Star Freinds made this hotel what it is, Romeo, Mickey Mouse and Leo are the best and without them this would of been a very dull holiday indeed, they get you involved if you want to and theres always something going on. We did go on the Thomas Cook trip to Catalina Island that cost 拢150 for the 3 of us, don't go on it a waste of money in the 12 hrs we spent 7 and half hours on the coach getting fed up and bored. We did have a 26 hr delay and we ended up staying an extra night where they put up in the Bavaro side in a seafront bungalow, these rooms are much better but again beds far too small, they are the smallest double beds I have ever seen in a hotel. All in all this was a fabulous holiday and dispite a few hick ups we have a wonderfull time.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KARENDALY
<Content>One of my best vacations ever! Went to this resort in January of 2008 for 7 nights with a group of 38 people and absolutely loved it. We have always been partial to Aruba but now it is a tie! The staff at the Dominicana was the best at any resort we have ever stayed at, rooms were nice, grounds were beautiful, plenty to do, unbelievably gorgeous beach with white sand and turquoise water...would go back tomorrow without hesitation!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rantam
<Content>Great return visit! As return visitors, and also celebrating our 20th anniversary I had sent 2 emails to Iberostar mentioning this. I never received a reply but was pleased when we arrived to have a chilled bottle of champagne and an upgraded room. The resort is beautiful. The beach is perfect. I have read extensive reviews on beaches and fail to find any that compare. The staff for the most part wonderful. The food was good, we always enjoy their lobster at the gourmet restaurant. We even asked and got a 2nd lobster. The entertainment was o.k. but we found it better when we were there the previous August. The weather was rainy, but very comfortable, in August less rain but more humid. We had a great time.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>GazKat
<Content>Great hotel with a fab beach! We have just arrived back from 2 weeks at this hotel. We had a great time. The weather was gorgeous. It was very hot with thunderstorms most nights. Check in was quick and easy. Rooms are nice with air con and a ceiling fan. Minibar stocked every day too. The pools are lovely and the beach was amazing. Clear blue sea with soft white sand. Food in the buffets was always lovely with plenty to choose from. We visited 4 of the a la carte restaurants. The Mexican wasn't good. Most people in there walked out halfway through the meal. The Tropical was lovely, all nice seafood. The Steakhouse was also fantastic. The Oriental was our favourite though. We also ate at the Star Rock Cafe which was great too. The entertainment was ok although we struggled to understand what they were saying sometimes. The drinks were all great especially the Strawberry Daquiri's and the milkshakes were very nice too. They only have one person taking drinks orders round the pool so it can take quite a while to get a drink. The waitress was brilliant but the waiter would take your drinks order and forget that you ordered and give your drink to someone else. It didn't bother us though. It's great that you can use the facilities next door too. I absolutely loved the turtles in the lobby at the Punta Cana. All in all we had a great time.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JA-Kay
<Content>Enjoyed the Iberostar Hotel white sand beach in Punta Cana Punta Cana, DR was okay but I didn't fall in love with the island like Jamaica. Airport was all natural open air with a breeze or fans blowing  a breeze to check in  go thru customs then short wait for bags  they tell you which bus you are being transported to your hotel in. It took us 3 tries before we actually found the correct bus...no big deal. The drive was okay, roads are paved to hotel from airport but if you go off main road, they are dirt roads. Airport was pretty  landscaped property around it to be beautiful but on the drive to hotel you pass every type of house possible from nice condos, apts, shacks  big houses  dirty little towns. The roads  much of dry rocky island has a terrible trash problem with diapers, plastic bottles  styrofoam containers are in ditch along road or covering big spaces of land since it appears they have no trash service in countryside. Dry  desolate island until you reach the hotel zone where there is palm trees  hotel after hotel for 20 miles. Most of land is developed or in process of being developed so little natural along coast. Our hotel Iberostar Dominicana was great  only 2nd to Grand Bahia Principe property which was gorgeous, we stopped there on way to our hotel  checked it out later. Iberostar had very nice large room which faced the nightly entertainment area which was good  bad. Good to sit on balcony  listen to entertainment but bad when you wanted to go to sleep before midnight. Bathroom was large, hall closet with safe, ironing board  iron there, TV on small dresser, comfortable beds, couch  good sized balcony with table  chairs. We walked for miles up  down the pretty white Punta Cana sand (not as white as Negril) beaches with blue green ocean that is pretty clear but rough surf. Ruth Ann was not comfortable with big waves after she got knocked down by one when she walked into ocean...she doesn't swim so I understand. Beach was kept pretty clean but some guests are just lazy slobs who left trash on beach rather than walk a few steps to trash can. I don't speak much Spanish so it was a challenge to speak with many staff or locals at small craft market on beach. I missed having lots of vendors to choose from  negotiating in Espanol was a pain for me  the whole calculator game. The vendors don't bug or harass you because the policia keep them all in line. You rarely see a local on beach selling anything but shell guy. They all must wear white shirt with Artesan logo on to prove they paid their license fee to govt. No independents working the beach, all govt controlled. That's a negative to me, I prefer more choices  places to beach shop. Too many policia on my property all times of day  night. I heard they are serious about making sure that DR does not become like JA. Police are to make you feel safer, the opposite effect for me as I don't like to vacation in a place that requires guards to protect you 24/7 with guns drawn  ready. Iberostar (as all hotels did) had dance lessons daily around the pool. I'm not into the Salsa, Merengue or Bacchata dances that are so popular there but RA got up  took lessons  enjoyed the music. I'm hooked on Reggae so it didn't do anything for me. I was so sick of hearing many foreign languages from guests  locals that I was tickled pink to get home  then my brain was speaking Espanol...too funny! Hearing Bingo in 5 languages every day was annoying but many participated so others enjoyed it. Entertainment in general encouraged guests to join in games or contests  see that everyone is talked to  having a good time. I didn't love the hotel food although I didn't starve but ate hamburger, hot dog, chicken  fries for lunch everyday  that got old. The variances they had were all seafood based dishes  neither RA or myself eat fish. Chicken is my dish  I never tire of it  discovered Iberostar had delicious rotissere chicken at lunch at beach restaurant. Breakfasts were usually good  had fresh fruits, fruit smoothies, excellent pancakes, french toast, bacon although not cooked crisp usually, eggs or omelets cooked to order, rolls  breads to die for. Coffee was abundant but we had a hard time getting wait staff to bring us water with any meal. It was coffee with milk for breakfast  sodas or drinks for lunch, dinner wine was served but agua was impossible to get. The oriental specialty restaurant La Pagoda had the best wine  food of any of the specialty restaurants we tried. The Steakhouse on beach was disappointment, meat was flavorful but tough. I did not see any reason to get dressed up when I was sitting in sand for dinner either. La Marimbe pork was gross tasting  inedible so we left there  went over to buffet for dinner.No difference really between Dominicana vs Punta Cana Iberostar although the Bavarro section was nicer. They had signs at dinner buttets for International Buffet  American Style Cuisine but the food at both restaurants was exactly the same everyday. Really not 2 different restaurants but 2 separated by ponds that flamingos hung out in. We learned why you should NOT feed the flamingos, we watched a little boy feed them cooked clams  they became aggressive  biting at other guests as they walked by because they wanted more food. Some guests did not read the signs or just ignored them. Food was more European choices always with seafood so it was less than my favorite choices.I may sound pretty negative but I did enjoy myself but not big rush to return there. Prefer a English speaking island, more beach vendors, less Police, more Americans, Reggae music, less surf, just a more relaxing island like Jamaica. I would recommend Iberostar for a hotel choice in D.R. as well as Grand Bahia Principe but RIU  other properties along the beach were visibly run down  we heard many complaints on the return flight home. I think next trip to D.R. I will try another area, I missed my sunsets  6am is too early to get up for pretty sunrises in D.R.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>Watthree
<Content>Fun in the Sun!       peacock and friend  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>munk79
<Content>Great food, service, and views!!!!!!       Amazing beach with white sand  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>crazyrabbit
<Content>Don't Schedule a Group Function and Protect your Credit Card! Patti and I were among 22 people who recently stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana for four nights to attend a wedding ceremony. The facility is quite nice and the food is an overall 6 on a scale of 10. Previous comments on TripAdviser regarding inferior mixed drinks (mai tai's, chi chi's) were valid and true. That being said, there are three major reasons I recommend you not consider a group function at this hotel.FIRST: Although the bride and groom worked through Destination Weddings to schedule everything many months ahead, six days before the ceremony the Dominicana arbitrarily delayed/rescheduled it from Friday (May 16) to Saturday (May 17) - with no consideration for group functions, guest arrival  departure dates or other arrangements that had been made in advance. The reason given was that an election was scheduled for May 16th (as if that wasn't known long before). The couple was ultimately able to get the original schedule restored, but only after trememdous effort and numerous expensive international telephone calls.SECOND: The system to hopefully reserve/schedule wedding party functions is uncooperative and ineffective. Although we were 22 people, we had to make individual reservations for group dinners through the concierge. Two out of three times, the hotel restaurants refused to honor the group reservations, even though all participants possessed written reservation receipts obtained from the concierge.FINALLY: As of this writing (June 14th) at least five members of the group have experienced credit card fraud after giving their credit cards to the front desk clerks when registering. We've all had to cancel the cards, notify credit reporting agencies and do all the other tasks associated with stopping/reversing fraudulent charges and protecting our credit ratings. One incident might be understandable, but five incidents demonstrates an organized system to steal identities of guests.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>mexicanwannabe
<Content>What's Not to Love? Okay, we've been home from the Iberostar Dominicana for four hours and I had to write a review. I was nowhere near ready to come home. We went with the family- my husband, mother and two sons, ages 18 and 20. We have done about 6 all-inclusives, in various parts of Mexico. Punta Cana is our destination choice for next summer! It is breathtakingly beautiful and SO relaxing! No one hassles you, to buy their junk or timeshares. There are no beach vendors, so you actually get to relax at the beach.Airport/ flight- We booked an Apple Vacation. As previously mentioned, there is a $10 tax to enter the country but Apple includes the $20 fee to leave. Be sure to take extra cash- correct change is appreciated. You don't get much of an airport view upon arrival, but Apple has you arrive at the airport about 3 hours prior to your flight home. There are a few, small Duty Free shops there, as well as a grocery store for drinks and snacks, a Wendy's and a Pizza place to purchase food. Going through immigration is painless and the buses take you straight to your hotel. The ride is about 40 minutes long- DONT look at how they drive!!!Check in at the hotel was easy. Since there was an odd number of us, we were put in a family room- a large room with a king bed, and a smaller room with two doubles. Our room overlooked a street with shops instead of the beach, but it was in a great location- close to the pool, restaurants and lobby, so we couldn't complain. Some days we left the maid a tip, others we didn't but our room was always cleaned early, with hibiscuses laying in the bathroom and the frig stocked. If you plan to take electrical appliances- hair dryer, I-pod, etc. your best bet is to purchase an adapter from the supermarket in the lobby. They cost $1 and work much better than the fancy one we brought from home.The grounds are simply gorgeous. Wear shoes around the pool area in the afternoon, as the ground gets extremely hot. No problem finding chairs at the pool or at the beach. If there isn't a palapa where you want it at the beach, walk a little further either direction, and you'll find one.There is not much to buy, but if you need souvenirs, to the right of the hotel, down the beach, is a series of tents that sell local wares. We got most things at 1/3 of the original asking price. Hotel prices are a little higher, but they are the highest at the airport, so if you plan to shop, don't wait till the last minute.Entertainment by the pool/ beach is great- there are at least 2-3 things going on at once, you can play as much or little as you want. They have Bingo and dance lessons daily, as well as soccer, volleyball, water polo, riflery, archery, sailboats/ boards, kayaks, snorkeling...... Evening entertainment is pretty bad. They try hard, but it's not Broadway! If the show is not your taste, you can walk to the lobby bar of the Punta Cana. They have a band that plays or a pianist. The band is pretty good! Don't waste your time at the casino, unless you just want to cool off. In the week we were there, we saw no one win!Food is good, not terrific, but beautifully displayed and plentiful. At breakfast, as well as near the pool, are juice bars, where they juice local fruits with water (no sugar added, so healthy!) The ice cream stand has frozen mocha cappucinos, which was our daily treat to ourselves- the taste and cold hits the spot!Our sons found plenty to do to keep them occupied- this was a concern, not having a town nearby for entertainment. They did go on the Zip-line excursion and enjoyed it. ( It cost $89 per person).We didn't exchange dollars to pesos, and found it just as easy to ask the cost in US.My husband and I speak some Spanish, but when we spoke to the staff, they responded in English. Although many of them have limited vocabularies, I think they want to practice their English. However, a little Spanish seems to go a long way!I can't enough good things about this resort, and trust me- after reading reviews, I was skeptical. It was a wonderful week!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>23togo
<Content>Credit card theft The hotel is nice enough, nice beach, lots of activities. However we were there for a wedding with a group of 23 and found that trying to book the restaurants for the group was a major hassle. The hotel won't let you book for the group. Each couple has to book on their own before 1230. So those who arrived later in the week, always after 1230, were refused a reservation unless we made a fuss. This is even if the restaurant is not full.However the biggest problem is that almost everyone in the party HAD THEiR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION STOLEN. About two wdays after we left charges started showing up on cards. Cash withdrawals and purchases in Florida and NJ. Out of 12 couples only my wife and I had no problem. That is because we never used our card or showed it to anyone at the desk. One of our party bought nothing, but was asked to show his card at reception upon check-in and they got hit two days after leaving the DR. IF YOU GO TO THIS HOTEL DON'T USE YOUR CREDIT CARD.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>LoubergT
<Content>Credit card fraud It really was a good time. The food was really pretty good and the people were nice. The beach was beautiful and the rooms were nice and cool. The pool was clean and didn't burn your skin.We were a little tired of 1980's dance music by the time we left, and we were tired of being harassed into participating in the many dance and aerobics events happening by the pool.The clincher was that we (along with several other members of our party) had our credit card numbers stolen from someone at the hotel (this was the only time we used the card) and have been dealing with fraud for the last couple of weeks. If you go, either pay in cash or give a credit card with insurance.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mewk01
<Content>Great time, food much improved! Just returned from a one week stay and happy to report we had a great time. Ocean was perfect and except for two mostly cloudy day, the weather was nice. As a return visitor from 2 years ago, we were most pleased that the food had vastly improved. We ate mostly at the buffet and were impressed with both the selection and quality. Our only bad experience was on our return trip when american air held us for 5 hours in the Miami airport. Besides that, the trip was great. As an Iberostar fan, I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sandihabat
<Content>It was fun!!!! :-) Our vacation was from Monday, May 26-June 2 FLIGHT: The flight from home (Cleveland) to there was great, very smooth. At the Punta Cana airport, everything went just as I thought and read about, very smooth. You do have to buy a $10 tourist card on the way in. If you booked through Apple Vacations, you don't have to pay the $20 to leave the country. RIDE TO RESORT: Big bus, bumpy ride, not to bad though.RESORT: Beautiful. The grounds are absolutely beautiful. The people there, are for the most part, very friendly. You did have some that would be a bit rude, but I just smiled. ROOMS: Here we go......1st room, 1st floor garden view, air did not work, fridge was not cold, and our sliding glass door lock was broken. 2nd room, not a garden view, fridge didn't really work all that well, air worked great though. My boyfriend asked our Apple Rep if we could get a garden view instead of looking at building from our balcony. He spoke with management and we were upgraded to the Bavaro.....we got an oceanfront villa. IT WAS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!! We did flip him a $20 though. It was soooo worth it!! From then on, no problems in the room, we left our maid some money everyday with a small gift, she filled our fridge with lots of beer, water, soda. The coffee in the room is very good. I loved it. There was 2 newts in our room....tiny lizards, wasn't bad.FOOD/BUFFETS: Breakfast...good, they do have some homemade omelets, potatoes, fresh fruit, pastries, etc. But then they also have this other stuff, I called it mystery meat......YUCK!! The gourmet restaurants: The Steakhouse...good, The Lobster place....good, the Carribean Restaurant.....(I was not feeling good that day, the smell made me more sick...I ordered the Grouper, it was excellent, but the sauce they put on it was disgusting, that was the only thing I could eat there, my boyfriend ordered the grilled tuna, and it was good as well. Over the whole week, I really did not care for the food. I ate alot of fruit, salad, potatoes, eggs. We did drink the water, didn't have a problem. I did take tums and imodium everyday though.BARS: Pretty good, if you wnat more liquor in your drink, just ask, no problems there. Mamajuana.....all I can say is......be careful, that stuff will [-] you up!!! LOL!!! It's strong! We liked it and brought some home. It keeps for years and years, and you can make it yourself. It has this bark/wood stuff in it, you mix it with honey, red wine, and rum...let it sit for a week or so, and then do shotsof it. WOOOHOOOO, we had fun with that!!! The lobby bar serves top shelf liquor....stay away from bloody mary's.....I found a snail/slug in mine, I almost threw upo right there at the bar....I really think it was put there on purpose, becasue when the guy gave us our drinks, he disappeared!! I wanted to DIE!!!!!! OMG!!!The bar at the beach wwas great!! We had our 52oz. Bubba Kegs.....ITS A MUST!! They fill it with whatever drink you want, and it stays COLD for hours on the beach, then you don't have to keep going back to the bar. BEACH: OMG!!!! AMAZING!!! WONDERFUL!!!! There really isn't more to say, we had no problem finding chairs, there are topless women, my boyfriend was in heaven!! LOL!!! The water was so nice, so blue, clear, the sand is like powder. We spent almost all of our daytime on the beach.We went on the Maranium excursion, they take you out on a boat, go snorkeling, swim with sharks and stingrays, that was awesome, then you get back on the boat, they serve you this CocoLoco drink....made with real coconuts, rum, etc, it was good, then they take you to this area, where you wade in the water and they serve you drinks in the water, that was fun as well. It cost total...$160 US Dollars for the both of us.Over all, we had a blast, we met alot of people from all over the world, made friends, we would go back, but stay at another place.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>darinc
<Content>great place       watching the playoffs  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>EnglandLoz
<Content>absolutely fab just returned from iberostar dominicana traveled with my husband daughter and friends and their children hotel beautifull pool and beach fab. seen good and bad reviews about the hotel i felt it was paradise as did the rest of the party. entertainment we really enjoyed kids aged 12 . 8. and 2 were always hapy with the things to do here at the hotel set on bavaro beach which was clean and well looked after the rooms were really nice and roomy. the food is first class . drinks are not like you get in other all inc hotels you can have well known brands as well as the local ones.we all loved this holiday and anyone with children wil do the same will definately be going back soon staff are very friendly the hotel grounds are spotless i dont know what people want from holidays if they dont like this hotel its total paradise weather everything briliant time flew with thomas cook which were ok food on the plane was edible not much to do out of the resort but dnt need to go out because there is no need to move from your hotel this resort is a five star and in our opinion is well worthy of it and more  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>keystonebay
<Content>Perfect resort, perfect vacation       Iberostar Dominicana  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kappens
<Content>Great vacation at the Dominicana We stayed at the Dominicana for one week in February. Here is the low down.Food: You will never go hungry! The buffets have a little of something for everyone. The international restaurant has the most delicious lobster. I am not a lobster eater, but I ate the whole thing. The steakhouse was also good. Very american.Rooms: Were nice. Only a few tiny bugs, but they seemed to like the flowers that the maids left everyday. We just threw the flowers away and they weren't a problem at all. For the women who care about their hair, which I do, you will need to buy an adaptor from the giftshop for one dollar. Be warned though, I used my adaptor for 5 days and nearly fried my blowdryer. It actually melted my plug. I recommend only using an adaptor for a few days and then buying a new one. Very cheaply made!Beach: Fabulous! Very clean and large. Better than Mexico. You can go for walks for miles. They say not to reserve the palms on the beach, but we did everyday along with many others. Trips: We booked the Santo Domingo trip through our apple rep and were disappointed. My husband is a history buff so this should have been right up his alley, but NO. A total of 9 hours on a bus for approx a 4 hour tour. Your really rushed through the museums so you dont really get a chance to enjoy at all. Town is bad for beggars. Worse than other caribbean and mexican spots we have been to. It got old real fast. We ate at the Hard Rock Cafe. It was good, but nothing to brag about. Don't waste your time or money on this trip.Overall, this vacation was wonderful. I would definately recommend this vacation for a beach lover. And would go back to the Dominacana again.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Annamarie006
<Content>Loved the Iberostar Dominicana! We booked through Apple vacations and upon arrival at the Iberostar we were assigned a representative, whose name was Carlos, who made our stay stress free! That's what I want in a vacation and that's what we got.First of all, we were assigned a junior suite at the Iberostar Bavaro resort, adjacent to the Iberostar dominicana, however you cannot partake in Bavaro's festivities, only the ID and Iberostar Punta Cana. The room key didn't work as we had to seek help from a nearby maid to let us in. Upon entering our room we were hit with warmth and humidity! The room was hot and dark and so I immediately opened up the curtains which revealed a balcony overlooking a children's jungle gym! My husband and I are in our forties and do not have children. Hot room overlooking childrens gym? That was two strikes. Next, we opened the honor bar and were welcomed by two warm bottles of beer, we tried to drink them but just couldn't do it. That was three strikes.We complained to the front desk and they promptly gave us two other hotel room options. We chose the room in the main building of the ID. What a beautiful building! The courtyard was open to the sky and lush with tropical foilage, ponds filled with fish and tropical birds singing songs faintly familiar.The room was cool, the beer was cold and lovely flowers were placed about the room. Our view overlooked a garden of lush red flowers with neatly shaped greenery (I watched as a worker used a machete to trim the bushes!) There were flamingos to watch and a fountain that lit up at night revealing a majesty all its own. Carlos met with us and we booked two excursions: The trip to Saona Island and the Zip lines. The trip to the island was incredible and probably one of the coolest trips I've experienced. The catamaran ride was maybe two hours which brought us to Saona Island where we had a BBQ, drank Cubre Libre's (Rum and Cokes) swam in the ocean and napped. There was even a show. On our way back we stopped at a sand bar and got out and played with the star fish (which can only be out of the water for 5 seconds or they will die). We played games and had more Cubre Libre's! The trip was a blast.We had very good food, Lobster at Sibilia's and steak at La Canta. The buffets were good, very plentiful. I especially enjoyed breakfast as there is every single thing you could possibly want on that buffet!Unfortunately we ate salads, which for some is a no no because we got very sick. I woke up Wednesday with cramping, fast bathroom, and nausea. My husband and I went to see Carlos and to ask him of a pharmacy nearby. Carlos suggested that since I bought the AVOK insurance through Apple, which is vacation insurance that I would be covered for medical care and that I should see the doctor on duty at the clinic which was on the hotel grounds. The doctor and his staff were excellent. Clean, friendly and even had a sense of humor, which I appreciated since I was feeling sick. Because I bought the vacation insurance I had some observational tests done then got an old fashioned shot of antibiotics and other medications which made me tired and sleep soundly for three hours. When I awoke I felt great and my husband and I continued on our vacation and had dinner that night at Sibilia's. We had to cancel our zip line tour because my husband got sick too but he recieived the same medical attention and was quickly relieved. Carlos gave us a full refund for the zip line excursion due to our illnesses. We may not have been to the zip lines but we made the most of it and continued to eat, dance, swim and have cocktailsThe workers at Iberostar work hard and aim to please. Sure there are a couple of people who aren't as cheerful, but all in all we had a great experience at the Iberostar Dominicana. To Carlos our Apple representative, to Dr. Erwin Campos and his assistant Dra. Romero Suero, hotel staff including Daddy and Uncle Monkey, to the forever smiling restaurant employees and bartenders...thank you. This was a trip we will always remember!Oh and I forgot, down by the pool near the beautiful beach they BBQ something everyday. On Thursday afternoon we had Paella which had a half a lobster, shrimp, mussles and rice, it was wonderful! So I had lobster two days in a row, I like that.The day we left and checked out was a breeze. Too easy, because before we knew it we were leaving Punta Cana and heading back North. We will be back. But I won't eat the salad.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SheraX
<Content>Forget the service enjoy the beach! Exception for Diamond's Bar       Restaurant view on the beach  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>Madjer
<Content>Nice but not excellent With all the Iberostar standards, you can find the usual facilities in this kind of resort.However, it isn't an experience to repeat, due to dimension of the hotel (however a lot more customer focused than Bahia Principe), and the food, wich is mainly prepared thinking in north american and russian customers.The area is fulled with resorts one after another, fact you can confirm once you arrive to the beach: it is crowded!However, the price is acceptable, for a 7 day journey.If you want beach vacances, before decide for this destination, make sure you are not going during the hurricane season neither the rain season.The humidity is unbearable  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>tjs1
<Content>Wow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Our family of 3, and our friends again family of 3 have just returned from the dominican republic, all I can say is WOW!!!!!!!!!! This hotel is OUTSTANDING. We read T adviser before we departed and were alittle anxious as there were several comments, not all were positive. All 6 of us had the most fantastic time, there is not one single negative comment we could possibly think of. The hotel staff were so friendly, from the gardeners, maids, maintaince men, to the reception and waiting staff. The rooms are immaculate and cleaned daily to a high standard. The gardens are pristine and tended to constantly. The food was out of this world, all very freshly prepared to a high standard. None of our group were ill with holiday tummy as everything is so clean. We did not experience watered down drinks as some suggested, all the alcohol served was as you would expect. We barely had any mossy bites (which we normally do) between us. We nearly cried when we saw the beach and ocean for the first time, it was so beautiful. We have been to Varadero in Cuba and this whole holiday beats that one and that is saying something!! Do not hesitate to book here we will definately be returning it was all so perfect, we miss it already only been home a week. I would suggest you totally ignore the weather on the internet before you travel as prior to our visit it would say rain, thunder, scattered showers daily. We saw 40 minutes of spitting rain in two weeks. It was 40 by day and 30 by night and bright sunshine every day. We had no problems booking any ala'carte meals, the best were the oriental and the International, but all were excellent, (we visited 5 in the two weeks). Isla Saona was beatiful worth a visit, but beware of motion sickness due to bumpy roads and catarmaran one way. Make sure you snorkel as the ocean fish are amazing, every colour and shape you can imagine, again this was better here than Cuba. The shows of an evening were quite poor quality but all staff were so friendly that you still had a giggle. the entertainment team were brilliant, always smiling considering the heat and long hours that they work. DO NOT READ THE NEGATIVE COMMENTS FOR THIS HOTEL IT WAS ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JimHelenOhio
<Content>Great Resort, Food Just OK       Bathroom  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tim55Ohio
<Content>Almost Perfect My wife and I just came back from our first all-inclusive and it was almost perfect. We traveled from May 17-24. Prior to the trip, I had read many of the previous reviews and will cover some of the same points along with a few others which would have been helpful to us.The seven day vacation was booked through Apple Vacations and they did a good job of making sure you arrived at your destination. Apple employees were at the airport and at the hotel to answer any questions we had.Our room was not in the main hotel but in one of the bungalow units which according to another guest was called a junior suite. At any rate, the room was more than adequate (see photo). We did get to view a hotel room located by the pool which was quite a bit smaller. The primary difference being there is no sitting area inside the room. My wife was not happy with the in room hair dryer which seemed to take for ever to dry her hair. You will also need to purchase an adapter for a dollar at the gift shop if you want to use your own appliances since the outlets are slight different than those in the U.S. We used the room safe and there was no extra charge. You do need to tell the clerk when you check in that you want to use the safe and they will make you fill out a form and then give you directions on how to use the safe. However, the directions are not very clear. When you are initializing the safe prior to entering your combination, you need to push the white reset button located on the opposite side of the keypad (not stated anywhere in the directions). If the safe door is locked already you will not be able to access the button. The desk clerk wrote his number on the directions and told us to call him if we had problems. I spoke with another American about the safe and we both laughed about the directions because he had the same confusion that I had when trying to set up the safe. We had both figured it out on our own but it would been nice if the directions were clearer. The resort grounds were beautiful and were kept immaculate as stated in other reviews. The hotel staff were wonderful and the employees did all they could to ensure you enjoyed your stay. Although we did not participate in many of them, there were all kinds of activities for guest to take advantage of if they needed something to do besides hang out at the beach or pool. For most part, my wife and I were content to hang out at the beach.As stated in other reviews, the majority of guests were not Americans. Spanish speaking guest were the most common. We enjoyed have the opportunity to practice the little Spanish we knew. We saw a couple of the shows and thought they were very good. The bar service was good but limited in the selection. Since I rarely ever drink anything but beer and an occasional glass of wine with dinner, I couldn't speak for the quality of the mix drinks. There are only two types of beer served and they are both local beers. The primary beer that is on tap everywhere is called El Presidente. Although the beer wasn't bad, I was a little disappointed because I was told by a AAA rep that I would be able to get Coronas which is one of my favorites. You may borrow a hobby cat sailboat for free for one hour every day. However, since I had never sailed before, I had to take an hour lesson before I could borrow it. The lesson cost 40 dollars and hour but doesn't take that long. So if you are interested, get your lesson during the beginning of stay so you can enjoy the boat as much as possible. You will also be asked if you would like to buy the insurance which costs an additional 10 dollars a week. Even though I only went out once, I opted for the insurance just to be on the safe side. The was weather was extremely hot and there were many people on the beach who received a nice sunburn. To prevent from getting burned there are huts on the beach which you can use at no additional cost. The only catch is if you like to sleep in, you will not find an empty one later in the morning. I arrived at the beach around 7:30 and had no problem finding a hut. Many guests get up earlier and throw their towels down on the lounge chairs to reserve the hut and come back later in the day. Although the resort provides blue beach towels to the guest, we brought our own beach towel so we could easily spot our chairs among all the sea of blue towels on every other chair. My wife and I spent everyday at the beach under our hut reading and enjoying the view.We had no problems getting reservations for dinner. The first restaurant we ate at was the steak house. You are told to wear long pants at all of the a la cart restaurants (not the buffet) so I brought a few pair just for dining. As it turned out the steak house is located by the beach and contains a floor made of sand. Half the people there were in shorts and sandals. The steak was little on the tough side as I thought it would be. Our reservations were at 6:30 and the service was fine. Our second restaurant was the oriental option (the Pagoda) which my wife and I both thought was excellent. This was one of the few dinning options that had air conditioning and the men all wore long pants. We never made it to our third restaurant. The only negative of the vacation was that my wife and I both became ill on our fourth day of vacation. Diarrhea and nausea were our main symptoms along with a general lack of energy. Since our main goal of the vacation was to relax and chill out by the beach anyway, it did not change our plans. However, we have never been sick before on any of our vacations so it did put a damper on the whole trip. We met two other American families during our vacation. One couple did not have any health problems. The second was a family of four which two also became ill with the same symptoms along with some vomiting. The same family came the year before and nobody became ill.On one occasion my wife used a public bathroom and there were three other American women who had the same symptoms. On the other hand, the resort is quite large and there are a lot of people vacationing there so I couldn't guess what percentage of vacationers did not get ill.My wife and I only drank bottled water in our room. We did drink water at the beach restaurants that we were told was filtered and safe to drink so we are not sure of the cause. One major difference at this resort than those is the states is that there was very little air conditioning except in your room. The buffet dining room, beach dining areas, main theater, and lobby are all in open areas with no AC and no screens. Although the resort was beautiful and the people were great, if we ever take another beach vacation, we will will probably just go somewhere in the U.S. closer to home.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>StevenCathy136
<Content>FANTATASTIC       The beach !!!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KellieMiller
<Content>Go to Mexico Instead We stayed at Iberostar Dominicana from April 6th - 12th. We were a group of 7 ages 25 - 38. Good:The Beach, The Staff, The Pool and The Weather;Bad:The drinks were terrible. Nothing was frozen, even when you ordered it frozen. Just not what you expect for a tropical drink in a tropical locale. You had to beg for ice, everything was warm. Even beer from the tap was not cold enough. The only beer available was Presidente (fine, but beer drinkers probably would not agree with me)The food was not good. I expected better. Not much of a selection. Of the specialty restaurants we enjoyed the Asian restaurant and the Steak Restaurant. For the steak restaurant expect to walk in the sand - The pool area/bar buffet turns into the steak restaurant at night. The waitstaff is dressed in cowboy attire - fun , relaxed and good food. The mexican restaurant was terrible. We left and went to the buffet.The rooms were adequate, little damp smelling but nothing unexpected. We were facing the Caribbean street shops, nice and close to pool areas. No problems with the rooms. There was a safe, and we were not charged, although some reviews stated a charge for the safe. We did not have to request a safe or pay for it.Nightlife:Not much of it - We didn't leave the resort and the shows were fair and if you are English speaking- very hard to understand. The staff tries very hard and they are fun but there was a definite language barrier if you were not spanish speaking. The disco was okay - opens after the nightly show, 11:00pm, We made fun for ourselves but there were never more than 50 people in the disco at one time while we were there. There is a small casino with slots and a few card tables. Never saw anyone win. Very smoky. The Riu hotels were right next door and seemed much more appealing. In speaking with guests at the Riu and having stayed at the Riu Palace in Cabo San Lucas - it seemed that they were having a better experience and better food.We had another group of friends staying about 4 miles away at Bavaro Beach and they felt the same as we did. Beautiful weather, beautiful beach - terrible food and drink.Things to know about the airport - You are charged $10.00 to enter. We were pushed through very quickly, no problems, however, be very careful when coming home, two of my friends had items(jewelry etc) stolen from their luggage. They are sure it was in the airport because they packed it that morning and it was in their possession until handing it over to airport personnel.Overall I would not return to the Dominican Republic. I have been to Mexico several times and I preferred the food, drinks and nightlife. The weather and beach were perfect, other than that - I didn't enjoy my time at this resort. I should mention that I am not a picky person that expects the best. I have stayed at several all-inclusives in Cancun and Cabo San Lucas Mexico and I have had much better experiences in Mexico. I don't expect gourmet food at an all-inclusive and I truly believe you get what you pay for but Punta Cana did not impress me at all in regards to food and drinks. I ate lots of pasta and bread and soup. If you do stay here definitely make reservations early for the Asian and the Steak restaurant.I would say that I would try another Iberostar because the staff was very accomodating and the grounds were beautiful however, I think I would choose a Riu if I had the option.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>sunshine_0576
<Content>Excellent Honeymoon - Overrated hotel My husband and I stayed at the Dominicana April 26, 2008 - May 3, 2008 for our honeymoon. The hotel was very nice - grounds well kept, rooms were nice, and the location was excellent. Overall the service was good and staff was friendly. We ran into some unfriendly and rude people but that was at the hotels general store. Other posters are correct in stating that you have to get to the beach early to get a chair. Since my husband and I like to sleep in a little, we opted to have breakfast, relax a little, grab some lunch and then get to the beach around 1:30 or 2:00. That worked out well for us and we almost always got a spot in the shade. The beach was really nice and was kept clean. Our main issue with this resort was the food. My husband and I are not picky eaters, but the food at the buffets got old VERY quickly. There is hardly any variation in the food. The resort does give you 3 reservations (for a minimum of a 7 night stay) at their other restaurants, but it's not enough. We had reservations for Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. We went to the seafood restaurant (by the beach) on the first night and the food was not good. We were very disappointed. By Wednesday, we were so sick of the buffets. We were thankful that we were able to have dinner elsewhere our last two nights. The gourmet restaurant and the steakhouse were awesome! Had we been able to eat at the restaurants more often, we would have no complaints. The drinks were also hit and miss. I was unable to drink but my husband did. Local beer was not too bad, the tropical drinks were not very good and often watered down or too sweet with minimal alcohol, and they have cheap liquors like Jim Beam. They didn't even have Jack Daniels. For entertainment, we hung out at the casino mainly. We had a lot of fun but you do have to pay attention to make sure the dealers pay you out properly. There is also a nightclub but we chose not to go since 16 year olds and over were allowed in the club. We also did not watch the nightly shows. We saw little bits and pieces of the shows but they looked cheesy. All in all, we had a good time. Again, the resort is very nice but in my opinion to rate this resort 4 stars, the food would have had to have been much better. This is not our first all inclusive (we stayed at Windjammer Landing in St. Lucia) so we did have something to compare it to. Because of the food, we would definitely not go back.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sms75
<Content>Better than we expected! My husband stayed at the IB Dominicana from May 14th-May 21st. After reading mixed reviews about Punta Cana and resort vacations in general, I was a bit wary of what was in store for us. I am happy to say we were pleasantly surprised with the experiece and wish we had stayed even longer.Our room was spacious, clean, nicely decorated and the air-conditioning worked great. The concrete walls also kept down on the noise from other rooms. I always bring earplugs when I travel since I can hear a pin drop a mile away. I didn't even need them! The minibar was stocked with 4 local beers and a selection of sodas and the bathroom amenities included shampoo, shower gel, bar soap, and lotion. A safe was provided for $2 a day. Oh, it is true... the beds are very firm.I'm in the minority here when I say that I actually enjoyed the buffets more than the a la cartes. We were able to get reservations at 3 restaurants. We booked immediately upon arrival, which was suggested by other posters. It's true, you need to book early and not be picky about where or when you dine. I found the food at the restaurants to be of the same quality as that found at the buffets, except you can't get seconds or get something else if you don't care for what you ordered. I thought the buffets were excellent! The food was wonderful and they had a great selection, especially of fruits and desserts, which were not all that great at the a la cartes. Service at all of the dining establishments was excellent.The beach and pools were as you would expect them... fantastic. But like many, many other reviews have stated, you need to get up early to get a good spot, especially by the pool. We didn't even bother spending a full day at the pool since I didn't feel like getting up before 6am to get a spot. Most of the daily activities take place by the pool so there's always very loud music being played. If you like relaxation you'd probably better head for the beach. Chairs at the beach are easier to come by and we were always able to find something, even late morning or early afternoon. We'd usually make our way over to the pool for a last dip around 5 pm. Even late in the afternoon, there were only a handful of empty chairs available. The pool closes at 7pm. The grounds are gorgeous with flamingoes, peacocks, a large rooster, fish ponds, and lots of flowers and trees. There are plenty of pathways to wherever you want to go, many shaded from the sun too. The staff is always working hard keeping the place spotless. We didn't venture into the casino or club so I can't comment on those. There are bars scattered all over the property so you're never too far from a drink. Bathrooms were a little harder to find and the ladies rooms always had a line.Now what I wasn't all that crazy about. The mixed drinks were horribly watered down. Don't plan on getting a buzz off anything fruity. We stuck mostly to the beer, which was weak, but at least we could taste some alcohol. The wine served with dinner was decent, but I was curious to know the alcohol content of that as well. After 5 glasses I should unconcious. Excursions off the resort were very expensive for what they were and many only run a few days a week... so book early for those too. Also smoking is allowed everywhere, not a huge problem since you're outdoors nearly all the time, but I didn't care for it while eating. I also wasn't aware of how big of a family destination Punta Cana is for Europeans. I would say over half of the guests were families with young children. It does make for a less romantic experience when trying to have a quiet dinner or nap under a palapa.On a final note, be sure to bring everything you need with you. Don't plan on buying anything at the resort. We did the math.. a cheap bottle of No-Ad sunscreen that runs for 4 bucks at Wal-Mart was a little of $25 US at the gift shop. Also to get to the resort, just grab a taxi outside the airport. It cost us $33 and we arrived in less than 30 minutes. We beat other passengers on our plane by nearly an hour. Many booked more expensive shuttles which had to wait for multiple passengers and stopped at more than one hotel.Overall we had a wonderful vacation and we would definitely go back!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MISSLUVIAN
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We stayed at this resort for 13 nights at the end of april. Ive always been a city break girl, shying away from beach resorts because i feared boredom. And I could not have been more wrong!We were off the plane and into the hotel lobby withen an hour and a half, where the check in was quick and efficient. They also gace us much needed fruit drinks!We had been upgraded for free (and without asking) to a junior suite towards the bavaro side. The rooms were airy, large, with very comfy beds and a lovely bathroom. The little touches like the towel swans and fresh flowers. We had a minibar that was restocked every day with soda and beer and water.The first week there was pretty busy and we did occasionally have trouble in the morning finding a decent lounger by the pool or the beach. Howeever despite signs, people DO reserve loungers. The management take the cushions off the chairs at nights to try and stop this, but people just get up ridiculousy early. Sometimes people very selfishly reserved top chairs but then failed to use them really at all. So If i saw towels sitting on loungers all day not being used, move them. Or better yet, go hand them in to the towel hut, and then the chair hoggers will get charged ten dollars for losing their towels.The beach was FANTASTIC. so clean ! White sands and beautiful sea! The waves were quite strong even with teh coral reef, so its probably not safe for chidren to go in. However not only is there a toddle pool. they also have a pool that doesnt have a deep end, so kids can still swim. They also had lots of showers and taps so you could unsand yourself before going around the pool or bar.The decoration of the hotel was beautiful,c lean and simple. very vintage spanish decorations. There were exotic bords around the ponds,flamingoes and peacocks walking the grounds. gorgeous!I had no problem with the food OR drink, and ive lived in NYC, where we send everything back if we dont like it! In the morning I would have breakfast in the main buffet area where there was pretty mucha nything you wanted, bacon, eggs, omlettes, sausages, fruit, bread, bakery, yoghurts, cereal, plus fresh juices and smoothies being made in front of you. They also had table service for coffee etc. My favourite waiter was Hamlet, who always had a huge grin on his face!Lunch was either at the main or beach buffet where they always had an excellent selection. You could have something different every single day if you wanted. No, its not Nobu, but I never found cause to complain about anything.They aso had a bbq for chicken, lobster, paella etc. All the meat was seasoned amazingly. Dinner, ditto! Sometimes i couldnt manage all three meals because id eaten so much in the day!We booked three resturants - carribean, steak and gourmet. The carribean was lovely, and a chance to try some local food. The steak wasnt much to write home about - for a start i was aghast when i realised it was on the beach so i sat in a sinking chair with sand on my feet. The gourmet was lovely, five set courses and again a chance to try things youd maybe never try at a resturant like aspragus soup. And if you dont like it, or were still hungry go to the buffet after!I LOVED the entertainment team. They work long days from 10.30am to 1am at the disco, with a break from 4 till 7, and even then they would spend alot of time rehearsing and helping put props up for the evening show. They had such amazing evergy!All the time they were friendly, not pressuring, and so much fun. And they also had apenchant for getting dressed up in drag and running around the resort! They can be very flirty but i never found this indimidating of creepy at all. Its all in good fun.We also were lucky enough to see the micheal jackson show - wow!They seemed to alternate nights between shows and then audience participation. Sometimes their games could drag, but they are constantly trying things out and changing if it doesnt work. And the audience shows were funny, because they usually went hilariously wrong! It was all ing ood fun and what they occasionally alcked in precision they made up for in enthusasm.The disco was hit and miss, as expected, some nights dead and some nights they had dabnce offs with the entertainers.Cana and Dominica are rteh same hotel, basically. they may have their wn reception and rooms but even the main buffets are joined by a walkway which you could use. We liked the Cana bar at the beginning of the evening and then the main stage later on. We took at excusion to Saona Island. you must do this! It was everything I thought it would be - the only thing that ruins it is locals constantly trying to sell you something. Again, just wave them away and they wont pressurise you. We took the catermeran back, withd ancing, rum, music and glorious sunshine! remember tot op up on the sunscreen!We also took a trip to the el pat ranch for horseriding. We had an incredibly bad experience and they have since closed it down. However that was through our travel agency and not the hotel so it would be unfair to write, especially as we now have a serious complain going through regarding it.All in all, it was such a relaxing fun two weeks. A good mix of people, very clean and beautiful grounds, a godo range of drinks including rop shelf labels.and everyone SO SO friendly!I was quite teary when I had to leave!Photoswww.flickr.com/photos/captainluvian  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>FrankVeldhof
<Content>Great Resort!       Beach looking south  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>thunderkat13
<Content>Amazing time!! Highly recommended.       miles of beach  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lie2
<Content>WOW Excellent value for money- Amazing wedding!!!!!!!!! There were 34 of us who stayed at this hotel for my weddingwhat can i say everything was amazing, excellent value for moneywe had out wedding in the garden and had pics on the besch after, the pictures are beautiful!!!!im going to keep it short but if your thinking of going on holiday here, dont hesitateif your thinking of getting married here----- what you waiting for get it booked!!!!!!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>winterbaby321
<Content>Beautiful Resort My two friends and and one of their mothers and i stayed at the iberostar dominicana for 6 days. When we got in the hotel we were amazed by its beautiful apperance. The lobby was huge and gorgeous and the ground keepers kept everything so beautiful and clean. We were able to get rooms in the little bungalow village and that was amazing because it felt like we were in a tropical jungle and we were far enough away from all the noise of the resort but still close enough to go to and from the main rooms at night. The food was good, we were nice to Esther the lady that books the dinner reservations and we were able to get 3 different reservations even though we should of only had twp.The buffet food was pretty good, we really only ate the pasta and breaad. The dounuts in the mornings were amazing and the coffee was very good as well.We were always able to find charis at the pool and at the beach and didnt find it to be crowded at all, but many people had left just before we go there so maybe that is why we had such luck.Most of the workers are so friendly and my friends and i were able to make friends with many of them and we knew each other by name. The health bar by the pool is awesome if you want a fresh drink, but the waitress that goes around the pool to bring you drinks isnt fast enough. we waited about 1 hour to receive a drink, it would have been easier just walking to the buffet.Even though our trip was amazing we did have many of the workers making sexual comments to us and following us which we found very inappropriate. Also alot of the workers didnt speak english and if my friends and i didnt speak some spanish we would have had a more difficult time getting from place to place. The resort was a little confusing in the sense that sometimes we would end up at bavaro or punta cana when we wanted to go back to our main hotel. They need to hang signs in front of the different hotels to find out which hotel you are in.I recommened to exchange some money into pesos because the gift shops do not give you back american cnage and they only accept dolalr bills which was aggravating at first because they would give us gum in exchage for american change which we found to be ridiculous. The disco is what you make of it. Many of the wokers from the other resorts came to our disco and danced with many of the tourists. The music was not good at all and many men would come up to my friends and i making rude comments, but we expected that in the club. Overall i had an awesome experience and would go back. As the days went on my friends and i became really good friends with many of the tourists and staff and felt very comfortable. the experience at this resort is what you make of it because everything was included and everyone was there to help you.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>MarandJohn
<Content>Great time had by all ! We just returned MAY 2nd from the Iberostar Dominicana. I always read the reviews but have never written one. We were originally booked at the Edenh but after reading all the negative reviews, we switched to the Iberostar square deal. My only complaint is that the Bavarro wasn't part of the deal and we didn't find that out until we got there. We could have gotten upgraded but it was just what everyone has said. You can stay at the Bavarro but you can't eat or drink there so we stayed at the Dominicana. The rooms were just average but they were so clean and our room was right by the pool. That was a perfect location. Every day about 10 o'clock the guys would go to the room and bring the bottled beer down to the pool in the ice bucket. That is how the day started every day.This is our 3rd time to Punta Cana. We have been to Aruba.Puerto Plata[didn't like] Puerto Vallarta[loved it,very old world Mexico]Cancun[about 8 times] and our favorite place Riviera Maya about 6 times. We were at the Ibeostar Maya in October which we were upgraded from the Lindo. This was the most fun we have had on all our trips. We were with two couples.We booked our 3 dinner reservations as soon as we got there and we had no problems. In fact I went back 2 days later and asked for another reservation because I told her that I really didn't like buffets so she gave us the Mexican restaurant. The Gourmet was the best. Everyone got the same thing. The main entree was lobster and it was wonderful. We also ate at the Oriental[it was great] and the Steak House[my least favorite[.The buffets were actually very good. I loved the Pasta station. This was the first place that I have ever liked their sweets..The best place for lunch was on the Dominicana side right by the pool. We got a table by the wall that separated the beach from the pool. It was so beautiful to sit and look at the beach and ocean. Every other day they grilled out. One day lobster,another day chicken,pork, or beef kabobs and half chickens. Three of the days they had a band playing for lunch and they would come and grab you to dance. This was the best entertainment we have ever had. The workers told us that they work 12-14 days straight and they go home for 3 days. How would we like that?The beach and pools are beautiful. We walked one day for 2 and a half hours. You can't do that at the Riviera Maya. We went to the huts 3 or 4 times and had fun bartering with them.At night the show is on the Dominicana side and a band is on the Punta Cana side. We had more fun with the band because they grabbed us all to dance. Afterwards two of the couples would go to the casino and we would go to the bar by the beach.The best alcohol is always at the lobby bars. They have all top shelf. I had Stollis and cranberry.This hotel forces you to relax which is what I needed. In Mexico we are always hopping the collectivo and going to Play de Carmen shopping and bringing presents back. The only things I brought back is what I could get at the huts. There is a new Hard Rock Cafe but it was a $20 taxi ride to and from.Overall this was the best time. The weather was great. The grounds,the pool and definetly the workers and entertainment were the best. If you don't have a good time, it is your own fault!  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>563trace
<Content>Disappointed the 2nd time there. This was our 2nd stay at this property. The first one was in July of 2001, and I thought this was a great resort back then which is why I decided to go back a 2nd time this April with friends.I think the resort has gone down hill, it has aged and not been kept up as good as the first time I was there. The pool needs some work, and after having been to other resorts with swim up bars, this one seems to be lacking. The atmosphere around the pool is very calm and lazy, which was nice at times, but nothing really going on. We were there a week and they very rarely played much music, and there was very little to no entertainment.The beach is still fantastic, nice and clean and big. The drinks were never the same at any of the bars, they had no blenders for frozen drinks anywhere except at the lobby bar.The food was our biggest diappointment and we are not picky eaters. As other reviews have stated, the food was the same every day at the buffets, nothing new, same old same old. The specialty restrauants were good, we would definately recommend the steak house.The rooms were nice, big and clean, we thought that they were great. I recommend getting your dinner reservations as soon as you arrive, beacuse they have very limited seating available. In comparison to the very first time we stayed at the resort to the second time, the service has really changed. The people there very rarely smiled or went out of their way for anyone. The service was at best rated a 2 out of 5. I love the Iberostar resorts, and have stayed at 6 of them in the past. I always brag about the food and service they provide, and this is a disappointment to their chain.I don't know, maybe we hit them on an off week.If you want a resort that has a nice beach, nice rooms, and beautiful grounds and has a lot of families, you will like it. But, if you want good food and good service with a little bit of excitement every now and then, I would read plenty of reviews and make your best choice.All I can say as a return guest, is I liked it the first time, but would not return a 3rd time to this resort.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>shadow362
<Content>Would not return We are in our early 40's and brought our 11 year old child. We stayed from 4/20/08 - 4/26/08 and booked through Beach Destinations. (would not recommend beach destinations); but the agency they use Hotelbeds was great upon arrival. The best part of Hotel Beds was the representative was helpful and friendly and never a line at the desk to speak to him, as the apple vacations rep always had a huge line of people. Upon arrival, which was easy enough process checking in, I went immediately to the person who takes reservations for the a la carte restaurants. There were people ahead of me, and I waited about 40 minutes to speak to her. I was told I can only have 2 reservations, and I really wanted the steak house. She said that's not possible because it is booked for the entire week. She gave me 2 reservations for the other restaurants, both at 9:30 p.m. and said that is all that is available. That is too late for us. I did try the oriental one, and found it okay. I tried the restaurants at earlier times without a reservation and they refused us. Generous tipping did not help. I was really dissappionted in not getting into the restaurant/s at a reasonable hour. Which brings me to the buffett. The buffett had plenty of food, great variety for all meals. It also had flies, which was too bad because otherwise I wouldn't have minded eating there. Seeing flies on the food at the buffett and then having them land on your food while your eating turned my stomach. The rooms were clean and average. No complaints, (I did wish there was a clock so I didn't have to search for my watch every time) but that is being a little too picky. The maids were very good, and restocked our refrigerator with diet (light) coke and beer, which we requested. We did tip $5.00/day for the maid. The pool was clean and looked nice, but try finding a chair to be had? So we never stayed around the pool although I wanted to. Especially at around 6 p.m. when we had enough of the beach, but the pool closed at 5:30 or 6 which was a total bummer. The beach was nice if you could get a chair at all? We went to the beach at 5:30 a.m. on a couple of days before our morning excursions and found the chairs already reserved. I figured out people must reserve the night before or just leave their stuff there the entire week or length of stay. Since there was basically nothing going on between 5 -9:30 p.m. at the resort we usually went to the casino after dinner. I saw a lot of people winning, (we didn't) but it is very possible to win. We liked the casino. Then at 9:30 the show was so boring we ended up leaving and watching tv in the room until about 11. A couple of excursions we went on snorkeling trips. One was bavaro splash, we drove speed boats, then went snorkeling, which would have been better if the weather was good, but we were in the middle of a storm. The weather put a damper on our trip as we had 2 days of little to no sun. But the Carribbean Festival trip was the best. It is like a party boat, they have entertainment, drinks, snorkeling, so much fun!! The grounds and lobby of the hotel are very clean and beautiful. I would only recommend this place if you don't mind not being able to get a chair at the beach or pool, and need no entertainment. Good place to go read books, play cards, relax.pros: clean room, nice clean grounds, quiet placeCons: Flies in the buffett area, no chairs to be had at beach and pool, and pool closing by 6 p.m., lack of entertainment  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lynchmomx2
<Content>Unsure We just back from spending a week at this resort. First I want to say the Beach, pool and sun were fantastic. We went to get some sun and that we did.Our trip started out bad. On our way to the hotel while on the transfer bus we were rear ended by a dump truck. No one was real concerned that every one took a big jolt when this happened. This included our Apple Rep Julie who said there wasn't anything she could do. She was very rude and wouldn't help us with anything. We had a hard time finding her there when we needed to find something out. When we went to check in the first off the bus we asked for an upgrade since we were celebrating our honeymoon. They said they would check come back in 45min we did they said sure come back in 45 min we did and found out our room upgrade to Bravaro only included our room no food or drinks would be included. We would have to walk back over to use the facilities. We ended up staying with our orignal room wich had 2 double beds (so they called them)what a way to spend a honeymoon. Then we had to wait for that room and when we finally got there it had no towels in room. It took them 5 hours to get us towels. We wasted our whole afternoon with the rude front desk. If they would have just informed us at the beginning we would not have wasted our time. The front desk thru our keys at us we asked for the manager and she totally ignored us. We never did get our pool towel cards.We tried to get meal reservation right when we got there and everything was booked till the end of our stay. We didn't have much choice of restaurants so we took what we could get. After every sit down meal we went to the buffet since it wasn't very good food. The buffets were ok but there was no variety. We have been to other all inclusives and had plenty of variety at their buffets. Lunch BBQ outside by the beach had rgeat food.The pool was nice but you had to get up very early in order to get a chair. If you wanted a hut you better sleep outside to get one. We never attempted to find a hut on the beach. There were plenty of chairs on the beach if you didn't mind the sun. If you wanted a drink at the pool get ready to walk. There was only 1 girls for the whole pool area. Need to go to the bathroom you had a very long walk. They needed a bar and bathroom on the far end of the pool. Pool area very quiet no music or excitement around. Bartenders were good. They tried to do the best to get you what you wanted. Wanted a bahama mama and they had no mixer to blend the drink. They are just better when they are blended. They had a shortage of glasses so it would be good to bring your own insulated BIG cup for drinksBe careful when you book excursions. We had the jet books booked at 9am and after we got there and waited they told us the boat was broke and we would have to reschedule. We later found out the boat wasn't broke down they just don't do 9am rentals. We ended up doing the parasail and they said we could get extra minutes 12 min instead of 10 well they only gave us 7 min. The sights were great to see way up high. They will tell you what you want to hear.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	1	1	4	

<Author>chynnaohio
<Content>Perfect in every way! We did not have one complaint. The resort was beautiful, the rooms were imaculate, the food was great, the people were friendly and the atmosphere was great for all age groups. We have been to the RIU Tequila and the Viva Wyndham in Play Del Carmen, and this was even better than those. The area is beautiful, the main difference is that you spend all of your time on the resort with exception to excursions. We were never bored, in fact by not having a clock or anywhere to be our week felt twice as long! All day in the sun drinking wears you out! They have a bar right on the beach and the draft beer was quite good. Kids: this is a great place for families. We don't have kids but we noticed how much fun all the kids seemed to have in the kids club and thier parents loved how wiped out they were by the end of the day.Bugs: I read about mosquitoes and brought bug spray- and I never saw one mosquito!Tipping: Take 100 one dollar bills- tipping is so important. Not only will you get better service, its the responsible thing to do. These all-inclusives are a deal because they pay workers so little. They work 12 days in a row with 3 days off, working 12 hours a day. The maids make $200 a month and the gardners and such get $10 a day! Your tips feed thier families. Illness: Also- it was my first trip that I did not get really sick on. I didn't eat any raw veggies. Basically if you can't boil it, heat or peel it, I don't eat it. Plus I took a pro-biotic at every meal, I got them at Rite-Aid. Weather: Beautiful! Everyday on our 10 day forecast showed a rain cloud. Most of the rain was about 15 minutes long and then it would be beautiful out again. We had one day where it rained for 1 1/2 hours so we took a nap! Its very breezy by the water so laying out was great!Saona Island: We did this excursion on our last full day. It was so much fun. The bus ride is long and bumpy and I was a bit motion sick but it was worth it. (2 hours) The ride takes you through towns, ranches and sugar plantations. I loved it, you see how they live outside of the resort area. Then its a 1 1/2 hour ride on a cataraman. They get you tipsy and they try to get you to dance. It was great. The island is beautiful, the water was like bath water. You eat, drink and swim and then go back on a speed boat and stop in another area to find giant star fish.I would highly recommend this trip, we loved it!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nat1211
<Content>Absolutely NO complaints...loved it!! My boyfriend and I just got back from a 5-day stay here and I want to go back! I'll review our trip from top to bottom. When we landed at the airport, the workers just descended on us like vultures and were clamoring to take our bags...at first I was nervous to hand them over but then realized that they were just leading us to the Apple vacations desk. Then they showed us where the Apple bus was outside, which I was grateful for because we never would have found it on our own in the crowded lot. The drive to the resort wasn't nearly as scary as I thought it would be based on reviews...the only annoying things were the nine million pitched speed bumps we drove over when dropping people off at their various hotels. The grounds were just as spectacular as I hoped from the photos, if not more so. Check-in was very smooth and we found out we were somehow upgraded to a Bavaro room, which was a nice surprise. We got a lift to our room and it was amazing...a King-sized bed, shower and bathtub, sitting area and balcony. Be aware that the maids don't clean until a bit later in the day, so if you come back from the beach during lunch and are all mad that the room isn't clean, just chill out and wait a bit....they'll come. Oh and we got a lot of English channels, so we were able to watch both Lost and the NFL draft :-)The beach was gorgeous, and even though we got out there late on the first day because of our flight we had no problem finding lounges to lie on. For 3 days it rained after lunch like clockwork, so after the first we made sure to get a palapa (sp?) and waited the rain out. Once the rain was done, the sun was blazing and everyone came right back out on the beach. (Fun fact -- during rainstorms, the peacocks on the resort take cover on peoples' balconies, so several of them chilled out with us when we were in the room during one of the storms.) We went running on the beach every morning and ran through the beaches of other resorts (like the Riu) and let's just say the Iberostar ones are the most beautiful by a landslide.The food was awesome...I'm not sure how anyone can have serious complaints about it. While the buffet didn't have a lot of variety from day to day, it was consistently good. There was one day where they served amazing paella. As far as the a la carte restaurants go, we ate at the Japanese, Mexican, and Gourmet ones. La Pagoda was SO good, but I really could have just eaten the buffet appetizers they had...the california rolls and sushi were so tasty. The Mexican restaurant was my least favorite; again, the appetizers were good but my steak was pretty fatty. I recommend the tacos, but be warned that for some reason they only give you two really tiny ones. La Sibila doesn't give you a choice of food, so luckily their food was terrific...the lobster was great and the chocolate dessert to die for. We brought an arsenal of Imodium, tums, etc. based on reviews but didn't come close to getting sick.Entertainment wasn't nearly as cheesy as I thought it would be, mainly because of the sheer talent of the performers. Even when the theme of some of their shows was ridiculous, you couldn't deny that they rehearsed VERY hard and their dancing skills were soooo impressive. The casino isn't amazing and you'll definitely lose a bit of money if you go, but it was fun to try it out and we made some friends there.All in all, it was an amazing vacation. I HIGHLY recommend this resort to anyone and am going to look into going on other Iberostar vacations. I'm also going to book through Apple again for sure......our reps, Yugeinly and Cesar were the best. Feel free to let me know if you have any questions!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>IllinoisLuv2Travel2
<Content>An Honest Review My husband and I just got back from Iberostar Dominicana in Punta Cana Domincan Republic and it was not what we are used to. We usually do the adults only resorts but it was a great deal and we've never been to the Domincan so we decided to go. There are 3 Iberostar properties which are the Domicana, Punta Cana and Bavaro. The Domincana and Punta Cana really to us were one property. We had exchange privledges with Punta Cana but NOT Bavaro. So here's the low down on the good and bad. We are experienced travelers so our review is from a perspective of a 30 something couple with no children who usually stay at adult only resorts.There is no swim up pool bar that you can use if you stay at the Dominicana or the Punta Cana. There is a swim up pool bar at the Bavaro but only people staying at that property can use it. You can go there but they will not serve you food or drinks. Even if you try tipping they won't. They use the wristband system so your band will be a different color, very obvious you aren't staying at the Bavaro. HUGE bummer because if you have ever sat in a pool bar you will know where we are coming from. They are a nice thing to have. Another problem you will have is finding a spot on the beach. People get up at 5am to put towels on chairs to reserve them even though it clearly states that you cannot reserve seats. You will not find an open hut if you venture out by 7am!!! My husband and I went out at 7am after breakfast and saw that two chairs were not marked with towels so we put our stuff down and went into the water (there are 4 chairs to a hut). Around 10am a woman approached me and said that this was her hut and she reserved it with a towel. I told her that I left her towel alone and these two chairs were not marked so we took them. She said the one towel she put down was for the whole hut. I told her that you can't reserve huts and she said well everyone else did and she came out at 5 in the morning to mark it. I tried politely telling her again that you cannot reserve and she said she just went out to go eat breakfast. I questioned her as to why then it took her 5 hours to eat breakfast and she said give me my hut back. I said no and we'll share but we're not leaving and there are no other seats open. I told her if she had a problem then she can call security over. She knew she couldn't and just walked away. She left her towel there so no one else would use the seat and after another 1/2 hour I put it in the sand and invited 2 people over who were looking for a spot. I'm telling ya the beach area does not have enough seats to accomodate the amount of guests there and people will be out at the butt crack of dawn to mark their spots. All in all there are well over 2,000 people there between the Dominicana and Punta Cana Iberostars. This was a huge problem so be forewarned.The pools were nice looking but this hotel allows children of all ages so don't plan on using the pools because they are filled with children playing with toys in them. There is no dedicated pool for adults.Breakfast was not very good at all. Poor selection. For omelets you only have a choice of adding ham, onions, green peppers and cheese. They always seemed to overcook them so we tried getting fried eggs instead. The grill was wayyyyy to hot so the fried eggs were always overcooked also. They have scrambled eggs in a dish but geez they were so runny it was gross. Dinner was excellent at the buffet BUT you have to be there at 6:30 when they open. Trust us on this one. We learned really quickly about the dinner buffet. Remember they have well over 2,000 guests at the Dominicana and Punta Cana (not including guests at the Bavaro since we couldn't eat or drink over there, BUT they could eat and drink at our 2 properties). As long as you got there when they opened dinner was great, suprising good. Each night the chef had a speical meat such as leg of lamb, roast beef, shiskabobs, roast pig, roast turkey. They never seemed to cook enough so if you get to the buffet at 7 or 8 forget getting the chefs special meat that night. Even when we got there at 6:30 and went back for seconds it was all gone already. So whether you are hungry or not I suggest you prepare to eat dinner at 6:30 if you are doing the buffet.The ala carte restaurants we booked were the Pagoda (oriental) and La Cana (steakhouse). We were allowed to choose 3 for staying 7 nights but the other one we booked we missed. The Pagoda was nothing to write home about. If you do eat there get the Tappanayki Beef Filet. It is strips of beef and tasted pretty good. However I can tell you to definately book La Cana. It was awesome, it would rival some steak you eat in the states. We were really surprised. We got the ribeye cooked medium and it was really good. They give you an appetizer of fried onion rings and bbq rib tips. You can also go to the salad bar/appetizer bar and help yourself. Desert we had the chocolate brownie. All in all La Cana was the best ala carte dinner we have had. If you go out of the country you know that red meat is hard to find and even harder to find good quality. This was really good.The rooms were nice. They cater to Europeans so your bathroom had a bodet in it. The maid kept it clean and restocked the mini bar in the room daily. They give you Bohemia bottled beer in the room and serve you El Presidente at the bars. El Presidente is a Pilsner beer and really isn't too bad. The mixed drinks were good and they didn't skimp on the liquor. The Mai Tai's and Rum and Cokes we had were good. Strong but not too strong. The golf was great out there. Best we've seen out of the country. We golfed La Cana, Punta Blanca and Cocatol. La Cana was beautiful and had holes along the ocean. It was a great experience to golf those courses but be prepared to spend some cash. I think the cheapest of the 3 was $165pp and that was for the greens fees and cart. At La Cana they give you a caddy manditory so you'll have to tip him. The other 2 courses you don't get a caddy. Punta Blanca was $165pp and included non alcoholic beverages in the price which was nice BUT when we went to get a beer it was $6 US Dollars EACH!!!!! I guess that makes up for the free water and soda they give you on the course. The other excursion we did was the Marinarium. Being an avid snorkeler of the caribbean I was disappointed at the amount and array of fish BUT swimming in a pen with nurse sharks and sting rays was a pretty cool experience. They remove the barbs from the sting rays and the nurse sharks are docile sharks and don't have teeth like a great white so it was safe. The staff on the trip really put on a good show and they played Bob Marley and docked in the water and served you booze after the trip and let you get off the boat in the shallow water to have a few beers and relax. So all in all I wouldn't go back to the Iberostar but I would go back to the Domincan for the golf. If you are a golfer maybe stay at a different hotel but trust me you'll like the challenge of the courses there.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>thetravelers24
<Content>Beautiful Vacation April 21, 2008My husband and I just returned from a wonderful vacation at the Iberostar Dominicana. This resort is very well maintained. We have stayed at many resorts all over Mexico and we found the Iberostar to be the nicest one yet. The check-in was very disorganized and Wandy was the rudest man I have ever met. My husband and I were one of the first couples to check-in to the resort upon arrival. Wandy assigned us a standard room with two double beds (which he claimed were actually twin beds). Wandy proceeded to tell me to push the beds together to make a king bed. Are you kidding me? I told Wandy that I requested a king bed and since I was one of the first people in line I would like to be accomodated. As we all know most king beds are first come, first serve. Unfortunately, he could have cared less about accomodating us in anyway. Since it was about 9:30 p.m., my husband and I said we would like to be switched to another room tomorrow. Wandy indicated we should come to the front desk in the morning and he would move us to a room with a king bed. Well, not surprising the next morning he had no room available with a king bed. We decided to speak with our Apple Vacations representative (Julie, who I might add was wonderful) and she spoke to Wandy. She agreed he was expectionally rude, but he told her to have us come back again the next day. We returned on Monday morning as directed and was moved to another room with a king bed. The check-in system is in definite need of improvement.After our rough start, the vacation could not have been more wonderful. I was very surprised to read some of the new reviews about people complaining about the food. My husband and I have stayed at many all inclusive resorts and the Iberostar Dominicana has the best food we have ever had at any all inclusive. The variety is wonderful. Everything is very fresh and the cold foods are kept very cold and the hot foods are kept very hot. You really never had to worry about getting sick. The fresh fruit was delicious and always replenished when the trays were empty. The chocolate pancakes were great as was the large variety of wonderful pastries. The poolside barbeque at lunchtime was fabulous. We had lobster tails, mussels,shrimp, chicken, cheeseburgers and a wonderful soup prepared with shark and homemade dumplings. The ala carte restuarants were equally as good. The salmon and grouper at the Seafood rest were wonderful. We also did the oriental rest this was also very good. We did the steakhouse and since I am not a beef eater I had the grilled salmon and my husband opted for the grilled pork chops. Again we were not disappointed in our choices. The pools were well maintained. They were very clean and there were lots of chairs and palapas to sit under if you wanted shade. I must say the beach was the most beautiful beach I have ever been to. My husband I have been to Maui and lots of other beaches in Mexico, but this beach puts them all to shame. The pristine white sand is magnificent as is the beautiful turquoise water. The beach is filled with huge palm trees and you can walk for miles in the warm water. It is the cleanest beach I have ever been to and there are plenty of chairs and palapas on the beach as well.I would recommend bringing along a large cup with a lid for cold drinks as the glasses are kind of small. The drinks are all wonderful. The coco loco's are really good as are the sangrias. I would highly recommend this resort and would return for another vacation without a doubt.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>ClarKathy
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana is high on our list!       The flamingos are always ready to meet you  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kngizmo
<Content>Decent Resort - Rooms could use renovation We stayed at the Iberostar April 12 鈥?17, through Apple vacations. This was my fourth time in the Dominican - we have stayed at various 4, 5, and 6 apple resorts in the DR, Mexico, Costa Rica, and Jamaica. Overall I would consider this a good resort, I would consider this on the lower end of a 5, or even a 4. I noticed the Iberostar Punta Cana was a golden apple, meaning it鈥檚 more preferred by guests 鈥?kind of blows my mind when they are really the same resort鈥 actually noticed more folks from the Punta Cana coming over to the Dominica than visa versa. The Dominica is in the middle of everything in the Iberostar complex, better lunch buffet, the casino is accessible, the nightclub, shops, etc., so I would recommend the Dominica over the PC.There was a pretty small group upon check in 鈥?so it went fast. We took another reviewers advice, asked for a suite, and tipped the individual at the front desk $20 and had a suite near the beach/pool area. I believe we were in a Bavaro suite; however, even though we were in a suite, I was disappointed in the room. The rooms are VERY dated. Mold on towel racks, tile and grout chipping. The lighting is pretty poor, which made getting ready a little frustrating. If you need a strong hair dryer, bring your own鈥 don鈥檛 even know how to describe the hotel provided hair dryers. Let鈥檚 just say, even though I wasn鈥檛 alive then - they were 1960ish. I asked other guests staying in the regular rooms if their room was run down, and they said yes, so I guess it鈥檚 the entire resort. I鈥檓 not sure if the Dominican has a few suites carved out from the Bavaro, that may not be upgraded, that they are allowed to places guests in鈥owever, if I paid the money for the Bavaro (a 6 apple) and got the room I did鈥 would have been very upset. We made reservations right away. They get booked fast, so I would recommend doing so right after check in. I鈥檝e never really been impressed with the food served in the Dominican; I think the Iberostar had the best food of any resort in the DR. We ate at the Mexican, International, and the Gourmet restaurant 鈥?they were all good. We didn鈥檛 have reservations when we went to the international, and they let us right in. We tried to tip, and they refused to take it. The folks at the Mexican restaurant told us we could come back any time as well. They were very nice. The international was my least favorite of all three. Lobster at the Gourmet was great! We never got sick, but we stayed away from salads, and other uncooked vegetables.For the drinks, beer is beer. The all inclusive鈥檚 typically serve the local beer. We鈥檝e previously stayed at Dreams resort, and they were the only resort I鈥檝e stayed at that also served US domestic beer (btw - Dreams is awesome). I was also disappointed in the mixed drinks. They use the pre-blended syrup type drink mixes - rather then freshly blending the drinks in a blender w/ ice. Even though you tried to order a frozen drink 鈥?it wasn鈥檛.Beach and pool seating in the shade, was a pain! Overall, I think this resort has a shortage of shade and chairs during high season. We lucked out two days, where we came across an open palapa. Usually at 2-3pm they start opening up. People aren鈥檛 supposed to go out at 6am and reserve them, but they do. If you see one reserved, and not being used for a period of time, move their stuff, screw them! I know of a few people who did this.On the way out, apple wanted to take us to the airport 4.5 hours before our flight. We ended up taking a cab for $33. A Wendy鈥檚 Jr. cheesburger is $3 USD at the airport, so it may pay for itself depending on your situation. If you fly American, the line is pretty long; we were okay arriving 2 hrs before our flight. The lines were pretty short for all the other airlines. I also noticed there is a public bus stop right outside of the lobby. This might be worth exploring to go into town of Bavaro for shopping. We didn鈥檛 bother with the flea market, I鈥檝e been there before, and it鈥檚 all a bunch of junk. I personally would not stay a the any of the Iberostar resorts in Punta Cana again鈥?it鈥檚 more run down for my preference; however, I would stay at a newer Iberostar at another destination again. For not much more money, you can stay at Riu Palace and it鈥檚 a more plush resort (I鈥檝e stayed there. For true luxury, if you can pony up the cash, the Paradises and Dreams resorts are absolutely incredible.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MOcouple08
<Content>Go Elsewhere Well, I guess we have been spoiled by resorts like The Excellence and The Moon Palace and we found the Iberostar Dominicana to be lacking the amenities we have become accustomed to. We had a great time overall (celebrating our 25th Anniversary), but there were so many negatives that we would not return or recommend this resort to anyone.On the good side, the resort was beautiful, clean and well-maintained. The rooms were spacious and the housekeeping service was very good. The beach was absolutely gorgeous. There was a little seaweed, but the workers did a good job of keeping that to a minimum. Chairs at beach and pool were plentiful but if you want a palapa you must get there early to claim one. When you turn in your towels at the end of the day, get clean ones to take to your room instead of getting towel cards and having to get towels in the morning. Towels are not always available at 8 am as posted.Now for the bad...The Iberostar Dominicana, Iberostar Punta Cana and Iberostar Bavaro are advertised as 3 different resorts when actually they are one large resort. The ID and the IPC are simply 2 buildings separated by a courtyard. There is only 1set of pools, 1 set of restaurants and 1 casino for ID and IPC even though the wirte-ups say EACH has 6 restaurants and a casino. The IB does have their own pool and a couple additional restaurants which the people at ID and IPC cannot use. However, people at IB can use all the facilities. What this means is that the beach and pool are wall to wall people and there are scads of children. The restaurants were certainly disappointing. We stayed 7 nights and were only allowed 3 a la carte dinners even though the restaurants were NEVER full. You need to make your reservations immediately upon arrival. Even though restaurants are not full, you cannot get in without a reservation. These meals were average at best, but still better than the lunch or dinner buffets. Avoid those at all cost! Star Rock Cafe is a good alternative. Lunchtime offers a couple good options. They grill outside by the beach most days. The fare is different each day and was usually pretty good. La Marimba and La Cana allow swimwear at lunchtime so you don't have to change clothes. Breakfast buffet was bland, but okay.The staff was very unfriendly even to the point of being rude. Language is certainly a problem, but they didn't even say hello when you walked into their shops on the resort or when they passed you on the sidewalk. The attitude was very different than at other resorts.Beware of the casino. The rules are very different. The dealers are terrible. Some of them can't count and they don't pay attention. They are too busy talking with each other.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>wilsontm
<Content>Lacking Customer Service - Excellent Weather When we arrived, we complained of a sewage smell in our room. We were told that they could not move us. So, we decided to try to upgrade to the Bavaro at an additional cost to us....we were told that wasn't an option. Overall....the service and food was way way less than I expected. Only one person fetching drinks for all the pool guests.....get ready to walk if you want a drink. No room service for food. if you don't want to go to the cattle call dinner. The furniture in the rooms is old and dated. The weather was excellent, the beach outstanding, and the snorkeling great. Most of the hotel staff do not speak or understand english......huge barrier. I wouldn't stay here ever again.....WORST VACATION EVER.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>BeeGeePA
<Content>Had a great vacation at Iberostar Dominicana My wife and I just returned from a near perfect vacation (5 nights) at Iberostar Dominicana. We really have no complaints about the resort. Here are some things we loved, and some things to be aware of/tips if you are planning to stay at I'star Dom'a. What we loved:-Amazing beach, and lots of beach huts. Many of the resorts around us didn't have huts on the beach, and we found that to be a huge plus for I'star. It gives you the option of sun or shade, and makes spending the day on the beach much more pleasant. We met other travelers who have stayed an many resorts in Mexico, and said the beaches in Punta Cana were much prettier. Lovely white sand, beautiful water (and not too cold). -Nice pools (both at Dom'a and Punta Cana). -Great food. No complaints about the buffet. While there is some repetition day to day, we thought the food and selection were both very good. We also went to two of the a la cart restaurants - the seafood, and the steak restaurant. The seafood restaurant was good, but the steak was great! Highly recommended. -The activities. Everything from bocci ball to areobics, to horseshoes, to a small gym, tennis course, water sports, etc. Lots to do to keep active, if you want to. -Friendly service. While not all staff seemed glad to serve, most did. We found most staff willing, and some who went out of their way to help. Things to be aware of/tips-Sign up early - for everything! You have both the advantage and disadvantage of a resort that has 2 hotels (I'star Dom'a and Punta Cana) and a large group of condos (I'star Bavaro). While that means you have more beach, 2 pools, more restaurants, etc. it also means you have to share with more folks. If you want to play tennis, get a beach spot near the pool or bar, reserve a restaurant, use the jacuzzi, etc, you need to sign up and/or go early. Sign up for the a la cart restaurants the day you arrive. For other things (tennis court, water sports), sign up early in the day (you may then only have the option of the following day).-Bring your own mug/travel cup: for all drinks, the cups/glasses are small. So if you are used to a large cup of tea of coffee, or want a large soda or other drink by the pool, then you'll need to bring your own container.-May of the staff don't speak much English. Iberostar is a European chain of hotels and resorts, so they cater more to Europeans than Americans. They are more likely to speak European languages (and Spanish, of course) than English. -Be specific about the kind of room you want. When we checked in, they assigned us a room with 2 double beds, and a trundle bed instead of a king size bed (even though we were a married couple travelling without kids.) We had no trouble getting moved to a room with a king bed, but they said they gave us the other kind of room because we didn't specify what we wanted at check in (and they didn't ask). -Don't expect a 5 star hotel room. We were very happy with our room, but it was fairly basic in terms of furnishings and standards. We weren't in the room much, and everything worked from a/c, to toilets and showers, which was all we cared about. But if you are looking for something more upscale, you might want to consider another resort (or a more expensive room option -- we were in the standard room).  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>danamoon
<Content>Loved the Dominicana       towel art  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>J4axky
<Content>lovely time overall We have just returned from a week at this hotel. Overall we had a lovely, relaxing holiday which is exactly what we hoped for. However, I would say that a week is long enough, just because the evening entertainment is quite dull, and personally I get quite bored of relaxing after a week! Hotel and location is lovely, rooms were clean tidy, well kept, plenty of space. Any problems we had eg. flickering bulbs were fixed quickly. Pool is clean. Beach is fantastic (having been on two previous occasions to Dom Rep it was refreshing to be able to stroll for miles down the beach and feel safe because there are so many people around). Gym facilities, jacuzzi's and sauna were good. Food is good if you eat meat (especially recommended is the seafood restaurant) - but vegetarians beware - Caribbean countries are not good at catering for us and this hotel struggled to label foods. eg Bean soup had lamb in it! Also there's very little choice for veggies in some of the speciality restaurants. Make sure you book in early for the speciality restaurants as spaces are limited. The only problems we had were with some of the staff - some of whom had very limited English and others who were rude and very unhelpful. As we checked out they tried to overcharge us for some laundry and someone calling herself Teresa refused to get a Manager and nearly caused us to miss our transfer to the airport. Make sure you check out well in time for your transfer as we learnt the staff are not good at dealing with problems!Despite this last minute problem I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a week of relaxation and sunshine in a lovely location.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>mtown
<Content>Tips for Iberostar Dominicana Booked our week stay (4/6/08 - 4/13/08) at the Iberostar Dominicana thru Apple Vacations via charter out of Milwaukee Wisconsin. 1. Ask for a room in the 3800 buildings as these are suites on the Bavaro side of the Iberostar complex and the rooms are a little bigger. There are 8 suites to 1 building so it is quieter and the buildings are situated just on the other side of the path of the Dominicana. You will only have access to the Dominicana and Punta Cana restaurants and bars, not the Bavaro. 2. Make all your reservations for the specialty restaurants the day you arrive. You can also go to the specialty restaurants on the days you don't have reservations and ask if they have any cancellations - I never saw them say no. 3. BRING Imodium or Pepto Bismal!!!!! I followed the rules of only drinking bottled water, not overloading on fruit, and not eating food that could have sat out too long but still had 2 days of stomach problems. I have stayed many times in Mexico without any problems. This could be the luck of the draw as my travel companion did not get sick and ate whatever however I met 3 other people that also had stomach problems. 4. If you want a polupa (hut) on the beach or at the pool you must get up early and claim your territory - put towels/magazines, etc. on chairs and small drink table (we went at 6:30 a.m. and still had slim pickins). Although the welcome packet tells you they do not allow this, they do not enforce the policy and we saw that after 9:00 a.m. no good spots were available. 5. There are plenty of activities organized on the beach and pool areas all day long if you are inclined to participate and for some of the activities (archery, darts, boche ball, horse shoes, etc.) they give awards for 1st place and you may also get a t-shirt, hat, or bottle of rum and then they read your name before the Star Friends show. 6. We booked our half day snorkeling trip thru Apple prior to leaving and saved $5 per person off the price plus another $8 per person in tax compared to if we booked it when we arrived. 7. You can walk down to the flea market souvenir shacks on the beach and get great deals. There are also gift shops at the Iberostar complex and at the neighboring RUI complex which has a street of several vendors that have reasonably priced souvenirs if you don't like to haggle. However, be prepared to pay a high premium for sun screen, Omodium, and other sundry items you may have forgotten to pack. 8. The shopping / duty free shopping at the airport is not good. Buy before you leave the resort.9. Apple Vacations has an info desk at the resort and Petra was very helpful with providing tips on just about everything. 10. If you are a fitness person and want to maintain your fitness routine while on vacation, you will be disappointed with the gym. There is only 1 gym for guests of all 3 hotels on the Iberostar complex (Dominicana, Bavaro, Punta Cana). Gym opens at 7:00 a.m. and my first day we arrived 6:50 a.m. and 8 people were waiting to enter. There are 3 treadmills, 3 elipticals, 2 bikes. Weight machines were OK but kind of rusty. Gym is closest to the Dominicana side of the complex overlooking the beach. Overall, great deal and beautiful resort.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ausryte
<Content>Info That You Need To Know Before You Go. We stayed at Iberostar Dominicana the first week of April,2008.We booked our trip through Apple Vacations.It was great.The direct flight was on USA 3000. The hotel was ok with easy check-in. The room was nice,but it had a moldy smell. The grounds of the hotel are very beautiful.The pool was just OK:very crowded with not enough chairs.Reserve your chairs early. The best part of the hotel is the beach. Very clean with white sand and prestine waters. Food: it was a lot of food,but it was very average.The service staff is not that friendly at all. Nobody even says hello to you unless you say it first.You can give them a tip,but it does not change anything. You have to book your a la carte restaurants early when you arive.If you stay 7 days you will get only three restaurants. It is very hard to get the better ones because they are waiting for a bribe(a tip). They are saying that the restaurants are booked fully,but they are empty. DO NOT GIVE a tip for getting a reservation because it's not worth it.The food at the restaurants are not that great,the service is the same as in the buffets.Even the lobster placeLA SIBILA was not great. Entertaiment was very cheap and tacky. Now I want to share very important information about excursions: there are a lot of excursions that you can book. Book with your agent. We took a trip to Santo Domingo. It was a very good trip :informative and interesting.Though very long. We also went to Saona Island. It was very crowded and bad food there. Save your money.It was't worth the money.When we arived to a fishing village to get on the speed boats we were met by a man with a video camera.Our travel guide introduced him to us as our papparazi.His name was ALBERTO He video taped everybody on the catamaran,speed boats and the island.On the island he offered everybody to buy his video about our trip.We agreed to buy it for $40.00 and he asked us to give him a tip too.Then he video taped us more since we agreed to buy the tape. The next day the DVD was delivered to our hotel. VERY IMPORTANT: DO NOT BUY ANY DVDs or music CDs on the catamaran or anywhere else. They are scam artists .Alberto represented a company named FILMACIONES TROPICALES. The DVD was very bad quality with some old movie about Dominican Rep.and only few moments from our trip. We (my husband and me) were not on the DVD at all. SAVE THE MONEY: DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM LOCALS. We bougth a music CD on the catamaran:it said Bachata music.But it was a bad quality Julio Igliasias music. We trusted the people because travel guide from AMSTAR said it was OK to buy. So a few bad local people ruined our image about Dominican Republic. We chose Dominican republic for our vacation for two years in the row. This was our last trip there.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>graciegirl66
<Content>Wouldn't go back to this reosrt My husband and I just returned from a week stay at this resort. We have been to Punta cana 3 times as well as other All Inclusive Reosrts in other locations.This was our least favorite! We booked with Apple Vacations and the Apple Rep at the reosrt did help us out with several issues.First The Good~The grounds are beautiful! The pools are nice and clean and our room was very clean and comfortable. We really liked the Mexican and Oriental Specialty restaurants. The shows were ok - I kinda liked that the shows were right there by the lobby bar.The beach is WONDERFUL! The Star friends do a great job and there are many activities you can participate in.The Bad~The buffet food got OLD real quick. We kinda knew what to expect having been to Punta Cana and All Inclusives before but this was by far the worst food we have expierenced.BE SURE to book the specialty restauants as soon as you arrive. We went staright from the checkin counter to book them and they only had 1 available that we could book. After much arguing, we got another one booked for out last night. We had to complain to our apple rep to get our third one booked. (I will say that the hotel was booked solid that week).Our room safe nor our refridgerator worked very well and sometimes not at all. They had to come to fix both the first day and again on several other occasions. We would have to wait a long time for them to come and then a while for them to fix it...a waste of our time! (They totally replaced our safe twice).Frozen drinks ARE NOT FROZEN! They come out of a machine that is no where near frozen. Other drinks were ok.They say you can't reserve pool charis but if you aren't out there putting your towel on your cahir before 7:30 am you may not get a chair together. There is just a sea of blue towels all over the chairs in the morning.We had a good time because we were determined to no matter what but we were dissappointed in the service and all the other things that I mentiond. Unless you got a really great deal and go when they are not busy...I wouldn't go at all. There are much nices places to stay for the same money!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>richiedaleside
<Content>Loved the hotel Dominicana, Punta Cana. Dominican Republic. we had two weeks in the hotel dominicana, at punta cana, dom rep. for my daughter's wedding, in april last year. there was twenty of us went out there for the wedding. it was fantastic, the food was top notch, everything from t.bone steak to lobster, was all part of the all inclusive package. the drinks were also class, mostly imported top class named brands. there is eight restuarants all serving top class food, everthing from japanese to mexican.even the animation team were brilliant, working from early morning, to late at night, to make our holiday more enjoyable. we travelled with thomas cook from manchester.if anyone out there is going to the hotel dominicana, i have no doubt whatsoever you will have a fantastic time. we will be going back very shortly.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gonepostal1210
<Content>WOW what a relaxing place to stay Hello my wife and I just returned on April 6th from a week of the most relaxing period of time I think I have ever had. We booked with Apple vacations and stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana. We flew out of St.Louis on a direct charter.  Everything went extremely smooth, due in fact that there is a Apple rep. available ever step of the way. The flight went smooth, and when you land in Punta Cana you well be escorted into a open air building where you will pay $10 to enter the country and they will give you a slip of paper that you will carry about 20feet to another person that will ask for it back? Why I don't know but thats what they do. Then you will get your luggage and as soon as you turn a corner with it you will be swarmed by young fellas wanting to carry your bags for you. We let them for they know exactly where to go and will get you to your waiting bus alot faster, and all they want is a couple dollar tip. The bus ride is not all that bad, yes its a little rough, and yes there is some garbage along the streets, but we found it very interesting, and only about 30 minutes. The resort is extremly beautiful, we stayed on the Punta Cana side which we liked because it was less crowded and less noise. The room at first was a little musky but open up the patio door and its fine. Also its very clean, and a couple dollars to the cleaning lady does go a long way in getting more towels and bottled water. The food was good, I really liked the fish at the buffets. The steakhouse was very good, but you have to book it asap. The other resturants were ok, but you can always find something you like at one of the buffets. Don't go to the rock cafe the worst food on the place, and the other places are to good to leave. The nightly entertainment was somewhat different, not what a central Illinois couple in their early 40's is use to, but thats why we went to another country to see different things. The beach is the big draw, yes if you want morning shade you will need to get out their by 7:30 and make your claim of lounges. We joked about moving some unattened towels around just to see what would happen but did'nt. Lots of activity on the beach and food and drinks are close by. The staff was always very friendly and helpful in anything that you may need or want. The only negative we had was that we both needed to get some Imodium A-D. We were very careful not to drink the tap water but it still got us. Not to worry though there are lots of restrooms around and the Imodium did the trick. We will be returning with more couples next time to share the fun with.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>piersona
<Content>Good time for our 1st all-inclusive I'm 29 and I went with my husband and my younger sister and her boyfriend (who became engaged while we were there!). There were people of all ages and families at the resort. This is the first time me and my husband went on a tropical all-inclusive vacation, so I don't have anything to compare it to.The rooms: We made reservations for two rooms at the Dominicana but my room seemed to be in Bavaro - the more expensive condo type places - and they got a family room with 4 beds in the Dominicana hotel building. That was nice but the not-nice part was that we only had double beds when we requested a king. Didn't make a big deal out of it though. The beds were fairly comfortable. The meowing peacocks woke me up a few times :)I got a couple bug bites and we saw some mosquitoes. They weren't bad though and I seemed to be the only one with this problem. It was fairly clean but the bathroom had a sewerish smell at times, especially when we'd take a shower. It was very nice to use our bathroom at home when we got back! Water: We only used the water for brushing teeth and didn鈥檛 get sick. It didn鈥檛 smell bad to shower in, which is more than I can say for some places in Florida. You could drink the water from the soda/juice machines in the buffet and the maid refilled the minibar every day (we left her a couple dollar tip each day). Keep your water bottles from the minibar to refill at the buffet and bring to the beach or pool. Theft: We put our valuables in the safe which apparently was a good idea because some other people we met had money stolen out of their wallets in their rooms. We left our stuff sit around on the lounges all day (even our old digital camera) and nothing of ours was stolen but someone else鈥檚 $250 camera was stolen off of their table. Food: I thought the food was pretty decent but when I got home I realized how much I missed the food here. The buffet got kind of old but the specialty restaurants were pretty good. People raved about the lobster at the gourmet restaurant and it was good but I鈥檝e had better. The steak house was good and it was funny to hear country music. The tables are in the sand which is awesome! The Mexican restaurant was still kind of a buffet so not a big departure from the big buffets. Make your reservations right away if it is spring break time because the restaurants will fill up fast, but I saw some people who just showed up and got in because people with reservations didn鈥檛 show up. Breakfast is much better at the big buffets rather than the beach but most days we didn鈥檛 get up early enough to make it there. It鈥檚 not the worst thing that the food wasn鈥檛 super fantastic because then I didn鈥檛 eat too much! Drinks: The drinks were plentiful but got kind of old. The beer there is terrible! I鈥檇 recommend tipping the bartenders a few bucks here and there because they will remember you and give you better service. The service is good anyway though, except the lobby bar was sometimes pretty slow. The staff was very friendly. Weather: The weather was very good while we were there 鈥?1st week in April which is the windy season. It was about 85 during the day and 75 at night. Only needed a sweater in the air conditioned restaurants. It rained hard for a few minutes one morning and a few times at night but it was brief. It was too windy to sit on the beach one day and the pool lounges were very full but we managed to find a few. The next day my sister went down there at like 7:30 am and put towels down to reserve some even though you鈥檙e not supposed to do that. You will be able to find lounge chairs around the beach at any time. Spent most of the time in the water or around the place rather than sitting or laying out anyway. We got really burned the first couple of days with spf 30 on so be careful! Bring tons of aloe vera and lotion and put sunscreen on your ears and scalp! We went through two bottles. As others said, there were quite a few topless women on the beach and sometimes around the pool too even though it said topless was not allowed. Entertaining for the men anyway. Excursions: We did one day trip to Saona Island. It was a good experience, but a long trek to get there (2 hr drive, 1.45 hr boat ride 鈥?7:30 am to 6 pm). I believe it was overcast and may have rained in Punta Cana that day but it was pretty sunny at Saona Island. Our tour guide, Raymond, did a good job telling us about DR culture and was very nice. Seeing the country side more than just to and from the airport was worth it alone because we drove through Higuey, saw the trash and really how impoverished the country is, and Raymond pointed out things to us. The driver for the trip was not nearly as crazy as the one who took us from the airport to the hotel. We thought we were going to die before we even got to the resort. Anyway, we got to see some starfish on the way back from Saona Island and could get out of the boat and take pictures holding them. We collected some shells there which was nice since there weren鈥檛 any at the resort. I would not recommend this trip for people with mobility problems though because it鈥檚 kind of hard to get from boat to boat. If I had more money, I would have gone on one more day trip but they were pretty expensive. This one was $95 US. We booked it through our Apple rep and I didn鈥檛 have enough cash so I used a credit card and so far nothing funky happened. Money: We only brought $100 cash. I鈥檇 recommend bringing a bunch of 1鈥檚 to tip. $1-2 goes a long way; it鈥檚 not like tipping in the US. You don鈥檛 need to tip but they appreciate it and I heard that the resort workers only make like $200 a month and they work long hours and are very friendly. Other than that, you don鈥檛 really need cash unless you are gambling or buying things from the vendors. The entrance fee was $10 each. They took our money, gave us a ticket, and then we gave the ticket to someone in the next line. We were worried we might have to pay to get out of the country because I read something somewhere that said you need to show proof that you paid that fee when you leave, but that was not the case. Things to do: This place is meant to be relaxing. We slept in, hung out on the beach, went for walks, went in the pool and the ocean (which were about the same temp, but the ocean sometimes had high waves), ate, and drank. There were activities and tournaments like ping pong and darts. At night we went to the shows. The first night was awful 鈥?they did a rendition of Chicago. The other nights were better, even family night was somewhat entertaining. It was nice to have people to talk to during them because they weren鈥檛 exactly riveting. Good dancing though. We went to the disco twice and on Thursday it was pretty busy but on Friday there were just some obnoxious 18 year olds there. I was glad we went with another couple and we met some people there because we might have been a little bored on our own. Americans are the minority which makes it more interesting. Phone calls: Be careful of making phone calls. Since my sister got engaged, she wanted to make some calls but couldn鈥檛 figure it out because apparently you have to ask the front desk to open your line (the front desk person didn鈥檛 say that when we asked how much it cost). Do not dial whatever it says on the thing by the phone because that is VERY expensive (if you get an operator, hang up). The front desk person first said it would be $1.10 a minute to call direct from the hotel but I think it ended up being $1.80 a minute. She checked the bill and it was $33 for like 15 mins, but then the next day when she went to pay it, it somehow was $39. You should probably talk to your vacation company rep about making calls if you need to. Our Apple rep, Carlos, was pretty good but we didn鈥檛 need him for much. Overall, I enjoyed the trip and would do a similar all inclusive package again but in a different location, like Jamaica maybe. As a few others said, there wasn鈥檛 a lot to do outside the resort but we wouldn鈥檛 have considered going outside the resort ourselves anyway because it seemed pretty shady. I would not recommend driving there and I heard the cabs are expensive. Since the Iberostar Punta Cana is basically the same as the Dominicana, I鈥檇 recommend looking at reviews there too. Someone said that the Riu is a nicer hotel than the Iberostar and from the beach it looked nicer. If you get a good deal (like $1000) I鈥檇 recommend this place though. We paid around $1200 with taxes and stuff and I think it was worth the money, but like I said I don鈥檛 have anything to compare it to.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>Smithbrother
<Content>Great advise for someone going there!       Star Friends  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Irreplaceable
<Content>Nice Clean Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana for 6 days first week of April. Overall, the hotel is really nice. The lobby was nicely decorated, check in was fast, and the staff was friendly. We also liked the fact that it was very close from the Punta Cana Airport. The beach was very clean, and so were the pools. The only thing I would complain about is that you need to get there early to get an umbrella or any space at the beach or the pool because it tends to get crowded. Some people would hog up like six or so beach chairs put their towels and leave. Another complaint was the food overall not great but not bad. Their specialty restaurants that you need to make reservations for were not all that either so don't even bother. We went there with the expectations of eating some Caribbean Dominican Food, and it was definitely lacking that. It was typical American food, hot dogs, burgers, fries, etc. You get tired of the food really fast. The hotel also lacked entertainment their nightly shows were not so interesting and their activities on the beach and hotel were basically bingo and volleyball. The casino was very small and only had the 5 cents slot machines. The disco also not so fun barely played any merengue and Spanish music, it was more rave and techno and catered to the teenagers. Its a great place for families but not so much for young couples in your mid-20' especially coming from NYC, but if you want something for a decent price and a clean place Iberostar Dominicana is the place. I would definitely go back to punta cana but would stay at different hotel maybe adults only hotel.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>johno2499
<Content>Great Hotel let down by First Choice We returned for the third time in March. We spent 3 weeks here in 2004, 2 weeks (at the Punta Cana) in 2007 and another 2 weeks this year. We love the hotel, the beach and, most of all, the staff. The food is great but not quite as outstanding as in 2004 but still OK for us as we go for the music, dancing, drinks, pool, beach etc.but - most of all - the friendly and welcoming staff. That's the positive side BUT:-We were ripped off by First Choice. We paid for extra leg room on the aircraft but were not allocated this on the Punta Cana - Manchester flight. Worse still, there was a clear scam being operated by the First Choice check-in staff who were charging passengers for having overweight baggage. We were certain ours was not overweight as we were within the limit when we left England and carried far less when we returned home. We have complained to First Choice who are completely dismissive. They do not answer the points raised but seem to be cutting and pasting from previous letters on similar (but not exactly the same) issues.We would love to return for a fourth time but are concerned that First Choice has been TUI-ed. John  Liz. Derbyshire UK.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MinnesotanLetsTravel
<Content>Excellent Resort, GREAT FOOD, Friendly Staff The RESORT:We just returned from a week long stay at the Iberostar Dominicana. We had a TERRIFIC time! We have been to several other carribean countries before and we travel ALOT and this resort is VERY clean, excellent food and selection, staff is very courteous, the grounds are beautiful and very neat and clean with not a leaf out of place, with fish ponds around open air restaurants. and NO bugs of any kind. The rooms have a mini fridge bar that the maid keeps stocked for you, there are numerous housekeepers, and gardeners and grounds keepers that are constantly walking around cleaning, which was great to see. The weather was Sunny the entire time -- rained once or twice for just 15 minutes, then sun again... internet weather shows it cloudy all the time, but it is not at all. You can choose from several restaurants, serving any type of food you like - chinese, american, seafood, etc. There are activities going on around the pool all day, which makes for some funny entertainment. Entertainment at night was very entertaining --- they have an adult show and a separate kids show. It helps to know to little spanish, but not at all necessary. The beach was clean and great swimming. Other resorts North of this resort had LOTS of seaweed along the beach and in the water.TOURS: The MONSTER TRUCK/MEGA Truck tour (the only safari truck with 8 wheels was EXCELLENT and VERY FUN with Professional staff you see the culture, local house, school, etc and the tour guide is very informative..... you'll have to specifically ask for it, since certain travel agents only book with certain companies.... not sure why (we booked through funject/VIP travel and they only told us about 5 different tours, but we found out through other tourists that there are many, many more tours. ***DO NOT go on the Dune Buggy horse ride Tour at Racho Pancho LLano-- we are horse owners and were extremely saddened at how thin and dehydrated the horses were -- very boney and 'sucked up'.... horses that thin should not be ridden at all. Also one horse was limping, but the guides did not seem to care at all. The guide also kept herding the horses together and making the horses go into the side barbed wire fence lines... I think he thought it was funny since it would make us tourist get nervous -- I finally had to tell him to stop it and he did. I'm not sure if all the horses on other tour companies were the same, I can only comment on this one. The dune buggies were kinda fun -- but our brakes and steering barely worked -- seatbelts wouldn't click and we were on the main highway road most of the time, rather than on the sandy beach and pastures as advertised.We would definitely go back to the Iberostar Dominicana again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bopp
<Content>We'd Go Back Bottom line: Highly recommend for an all-in-one with only one minor complaint.Detail: 3 generation family (ages 82, 77, 4 +/- 50, 15  12). One week - Easter week, 2008. No problem re Spring Break kids - or with any guests. Very international mix. Our first all-in-one. Hotel: One of three contiguous Iberostar (Spanish hotel chain) hotels on a gorgeous, fine sand beach with 10? 20? other hotels. But you're not aware of the others.Well equipped, very well maintained. Rooms, beautiful grounds, everything very clean. Large, exceedingly friendly, competent staff. Anxious to help in any way. Many have little or no English - but usually someone nearby that can help.I called hotel direct the day before to reinforce our travel agents request (6 months before) for rooms. As requested, Grandparents and one couple got adjoining rooms in main building. Room spacious, with 2 doubles plus couch/bed, nice porch (we were on ground floor of 4 floor main building. Several elevators). Other family got connecting (as requested) big jr suites in a 4 unit building in the adjoining hotel - 150 feet away. Maybe because our hotel was overbooked - or they were just being nice! Good bathroom - shower had curtain that worked (very un-European) and dispensers with shampoo and Body Gel (soap). Nice touch. Earlier postings complained of beds: we all liked ours - firm, but not too hard. No down pillows.Hotel said don't drink tap water - or use to brush teeth. Mini bar kept supplied with bottled water, beer, soda. Free. They claimed all water for restaurants, ice, etc., was safe - and none of us had any gastric problems. Nor did we hear anyone report any. God luck???Dress: In the sit-down restaurants men need trousers and 'shirts with collars'. Bermuda shorts OK for women. Otherwise we lived in bathing suits, with some top to go in buffets. Save tour casually elegants for someplace else.Beach  Pool: Both kept very clean, large, lots of chaises, but not enough for the 500? guests. Beach is deep, fine white sand, has many palm-thatched 'umbrellas' 10? feet across. Signs say Don't Reserve but not enforced: Best to go out at 7:30 AM and put a towel or something on your choice of chaises. Waitresses circulate on beach for drink orders (all free, of course). Our 15 year old grandson enjoyed the occasional topless.Four restaurants by reservation - number of reservations depends on length of stay: one week = 3 reservations. Our only complaint: Day after we arrived could get only 2 reservations - but both spots were half full, or less. Either a lousy system, or many 'no-shows' that they don't allow for. However, the Rock Cafe near lobby is a very nice waiter service restaurant and no reservation is needed, and on 2 nights we didn't wait. Don't let the name fool you - it didn't 'rock'.Most meals at two buffets - one in lobby building, other at beach. BTW, I counted my steps once and our room, very near beach, was about 1/4 mile from Lobby area. Good excersize for these old legs!Food: Selection very wide, but little change from day to day. Quality was good on the whole. Hot meats (beef, lamb chops etc) only fair. You don't go to these places for gourmet meals. Presentation: very good in restaurants and beautifully displayed in buffets.Drink: 3 or 4 bars. The one near lobby (facing beach to your right) only one with top shelf: Stolchi; Canadian Club, etc. Other bars have bottom shelf - but good Pina Coladas  Daiquiris. We read that they stocked booze in the mini-bars - not so!Activities: 2 Har-tru and one hard tennis courts (if you didn't bring real tennis shoes). Racquets and balls loaned - free. Reserve - for the day and the next. Best to reserve early AM. Had a great sail - 3 or 4 Hobie Cats. Free. Reserve on beach.Lots of planned activities - organized beach volleyball, water polo (for kids), daytime dance sessions, bingo, other games at beach and in early evening at lobby. Can't evaluate - not our thing. Didn't attend any of the nightly shows.Charged activities: various members took scuba lesson (in pool); Zip Wire (name may be wrong): Ride, in a harness hanging from a wire, going from one hill to the next - 10 rides. Sounds nuts but the kids raved. Other tours available; from about $60 to $100.We were glad we took advice from another posting to take lots of $1 bills for tips: chamber maids, bar tenders, any special service. None at restaurants.  We paid $140.00 per night - and only $50 cash for the week for 2. Via our travel agent who booked thru Apple Tours who provided transfers. Satisfactory - 3/4 hour ride from Airport. Good Apple rep on site. We'd go back. Be happy to answer specific questions.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sec818
<Content>Standard Iberostar Our family of 6 (including two 18 yr olds and two 13 yr olds) stayed at the IB Dom. 3/15-3/22/08. We've stayed at the IB in Playa del Carmen, and this resort was equivalent. The grounds are beautiful, beach was beautiful, staff was friendly.We arrived at the resort around 4pm on Saturday. Check-in went quickly, and we were unpacking in our rooms within 30 minutes. No complaints about the rooms, or the resort in general. Buffet food got old pretty quickly and we ventured off-resort to eat one evening during the week. Cab fare was $20 each way (for a 10 minute ride - too expensive IMO), and food was just average for the prices charged. In comparing Punta Cana to Playa del Carmen, we prefer Playa....much more to do off-site, and less expensive. The staff did rake up the row of seaweed from the beach each morning, but never seemed to catch up with the trash pick up - and I blame the tourists visiting. USE THE TRASH CANS PEOPLE!! Yes, I had to get out to get a palapa early in the morning, but I enjoy getting up and watching the sunrise before things get too crowded. We were in our beach chairs by 8:30/9:00am and stayed all day. Pool was also crowded - Holy week. VERY high surf came in mid-week, and overnight knocked over most of the 1st row of palapas, tipped over all of the ashtray containers on the beach - quite a mess. No one was allowed in the ocean on Thursday due to the rough waves. Saw a woman get knocked over by a wave on Wednesday and she broke either her ankle or her leg - Ernesto (employee) told me she had to go into town and have an operation. Scary. So the high winds and surf eliminated any possibility of parasailing or fishing for 3 days, then it was Good Friday and nothing was operating. Oh well.The older girls went to the disco a few nights during the week and said it was okay. But really, not much to do in the evenings besides bingo/kids show/evening show. So we were in bed by 9:30 or so most nights. Breakfast was by far the best meal. Their orange juice is FRESH!! Lunches in the beach restaurant were average, and dinner buffets were typical buffet...average. We never went hungry though.Used the internet a couple of times ($5US for 30 minutes) - not wireless. The kids walked down the beach to the little flea market area and bought a few bracelets/earrings, etc.Overall, we're glad we went. Hadn't ever been to PC before. Would we go back? No. Not enough to do outside of the resort, i.e. shopping, restaurants, etc. - so it felt a bit confining to us. The Iberostar is a good chain of resorts - well managed and well staffed.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>tinnochka
<Content>Perfection!!!!       Iberostar  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DaxieConsett
<Content>absolutely great place too stay this hotel is an ideal place too stay. The staff are all very good from your maid too the gardeners the place is very well kept.The restaurants always have something to choose from very well prepared and presented if you dont like something there are always other choices. The entertainment staff are very hard working as are all of the staff in the resort. These people make your stay.Make a point of booking the specialist restaurants as soon as you arrive as they do get booked up. The oriental is to die for and that is from someone who doesnt eat alot of that type of food. Yes you still get people reserving sunbeds when they shouldnt ,if you cant beat them join them, remember you do have different nationalities they all have there own ways which also adds to your stay. I have no hestation in highly recommending this hotel ,give it a go i'm sure you will enjoyWe arrived back in england less than 24 hours ago as i write this we are having a snow storm from 80 degrees to minus ? life can be really unkind but at least ive sampled a little bit of heaven why dont you !  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BrianMississaga
<Content>Not quite what it was We just came back from a 4 night stay at the Iberostar Dominicana. We have been there 2 other times, and used it as the standard for all our other trips to the D.R. (9 in total). The resort is one of the most beautiful in the D.R.: beautiful grounds, peacocks strolling the lawns, magnificent beach, great staff, great entertainment (especially on the Punta Cana side).Our only complaint is that the quality of the food has deteriorated from what it was 5 years ago. The resort used to have 3 (I believe) Cordon Bleu chefs, but their presence was nowhere to be found; they have probably been wooed away to other resorts.. The buffet now does not touch the quality of other 4 and 4+ star resorts in the D.R. The beach restaurants offer the same thing everyday: hamburgers, hot dogs, poorly seasoned rice and beans, overcooked fish. There is an outside grill at the beach offering various grilled foods each day, but you have to fight for it. The buffet is not much better. The Mexican Restaurant used to be fantastic, not now; when we were there most guests got up and left before desert. Mind you, the breakfasts are very good.It would be of great help to guests who have a late departure if the resort could accommodate the late departures with late check-outs; having to check out of your room at 12 noon for a 6 PM bus leaves you stranded except for 2 small changing rooms at the front of the lobby (which some staff use as their washroom). The star rating is not 4+ anymore, compared to what it was.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>TanyaOberoi
<Content>Words can express this hotel is the BEST ive ever been too, i travel alot so this byt FAR is the best the people that work there are nice and friendly and all the stff and entertainers really make u feel like your at home if you are looking for a fun time this is ur best bet  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uraqt_36
<Content>Wonderful holiday-paradise       The commercial centre in the resort with clothes stores amber store and internet cafe  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>cubfanws6
<Content>Loved the Resort!! Me (24) Nephew (18) and father (60) spent 7 nights at the Iberostar Dominica..Staff: This is what made the resort. Always very entertaining and helpful. Everyone went out of their way to make the stay a great one. If you need someone to speak english best to ask someone at the front desk. Room: We were upgrade to the family suite which had a connecting room with 2 extra beds and t.v. My nephew and I went to the disco a few nights and being able to sleep in and watch t.v without waking up our other guess was priceless. Room services was excellent!! Food: Im not to picky on food but the buffets sometimes weren't that great..We found the ones near the pool/beach had better food than the main buffets ..We could always find something that we liked. The breakfest buffets were really good. Early afternoon they cook out on the grill near the beach which was always decent food. We ate the Mexican a la carte and that was pretty good..nice buffet of appetizers and the meal was decent. Seafood  Steak a la carte dinners were both very good. Also ate at the Star Rock Cafe which was a nice change. American style food which is mostly toast for the bun with what ever meat you wanted along with fries. Activities: Disco was good some nights and boring others. Just depends on the crowd thats there at the time. After the 2nd time really had no desire to go back but not much to do after the shows in the lobby beside sit at the bar. We went to the casino everynight to pass some time before our dinners We prob broke even or lost a little between 3 of us but didn't gamble to crazy. The staff really made the resort what it is. Always dancing, singing, making conservations and getting people involved. Some shows were pretty entertaining (somehow me and my nephew ended up in our boxers and had to dance on mama) other were kinda boring. We did the snorkling from the resort which was $35 pp and they take you out near the ship wreck then about 10 mins down the beach to snorkel. I hope you get to meet Tito..guy is a trip..lol..Great resort, Great Staff and a overall great value. Being 24 it doesn't have the best nightlife but this trip for us was relax but have fun. I would spread out your a la carte dinners and excursion so you have something to do everyday. The beach was the best I have seen. The Iberostar Punta Cana is a mirror image and you have access to both rest  bars. If you do decide to stay at this you will be pleased overall. If I went back to Punta Cana I would like to try a different resort just for a change but wouldn't think twice about going back to Dominicana.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>karencatterick
<Content>as good as ever Have just returned home after another great holiday in the Iberostar dominicana,5 years we have been going there and again it was the best.staff in dinning rooms are so happy to help you if you ask for anything,we find all the staff are helpfull,we went to the cocktail party for returning guests( first time) we have gone, we met all manament which was great .we have all ready booked for this time next year cant wait,  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Cardiodiver
<Content>Beautiful Beach Just returned from the Dominica Republic where we stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana Hotel in Punta Cana. Overall, it was great. The 2 things that impressed us the most: 1) very, very clean, and 2) the staff was friendly and took a lot of pride in what they do. The beach was absolutely beautiful.... you can walk literally for miles in either direction. There was always a breeze coming in from the Atlantic, so it was comfortable but not too hot on the beach. Plenty of loungers for sunning. And clean - I have traveled extensively throughout the Caribbean and this was definitely one of the the cleanest places I have stayed. The shower in the hotel room was great - plenty of water pressure, plenty of hot water, although my friend didn't have any water to shower on our last day.... strange, because I had just showered without a problem.The food and drinks were mediocre. Not a lot of seafood overall, which was surprising given the location. Most of the meat was overcooked. One very yummy dish was the calamari served at the restaurant close to the water. You are suppose to have reservations, but we were seated twice without them.... there were only 2 in our party, and I did see larger parties being turned away. Recommend that you make reservations for the theme restaurants when you first arrive.Unfortunately I got traveler's diarrhea, but my friend did not. I did narrow it down to the water, even though it is filtered. Met a few other travelers who stayed at different resorts who had the same problem. This is the first time I have gone to the Caribbean without taking antibiotics along for just in case, but thankfully I was able to buy some over the counter at the hotel pharmacy. But definitely take your own antidiarrheal agent just in case - the cost for 10 capsules of Immodium at the pharmacy was $30 US!Lastly, the dive shop (Dressel Divers) at the resort was very professional, although pricey ($65 per dive if you pay in cash, $72 for credit). But the dive masters were very good! If you love to dive, take one of the excursions across to the Caribbean side - well worth it, as the diving on the Atlantic side was poor. I did 2 excursions, and both days Andre was the dive master. He was really very good, provided very safe dives. My friend usually runs out of air before I do, and Andre took her up to the surface and buddied me up with another diver so that I could dive longer.This was our annual girls trip but we did notice most of the guests were couples, so if you are single and looking to meet other singles, this probably isn't the place.Lastly, we did at times have a bit of a language barrier, but the staff was patient with us, and overall this by no means posed any barriers during out stay. I would definitely stay at another Iberostar in the future.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>magaloo100
<Content>paradise, absolute paradise       beautiful sunrise  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	2	

<Author>formertravelagent
<Content>Can I go back yet!? Check-in: Very smooth. We were greeted with big smiles and a warm welcome from the front desk staff along with a fruit drink sent over from the Lobby Bar. Nice touch.Room: Large, clean, comfortable. I am more than a little bit of a germophobe and I felt the rooms were very well kept. We were never short on beverages from the mini bar. Hotel: Amazingly beautiful grounds, pool and beach. Everything was kept positively immaculate. There were always staff members out and about to maintain a beautiful and relaxing environment. Lots of different areas to sit, relax and have a drink.Food: We ate mostly at the buffet because my husband loved it so much. We did eat at the Mexican restaurant and the Rock Caf茅 鈥?both were of the same quality as what you would find at the buffet, just different selections. There was a huge variety and although as a norm I dislike buffet restaurants however I did find plenty to eat and never went hungry. I wouldn鈥檛 say to choose this resort for its gourmet dining, but in my opinion I wouldn鈥檛 look for an all inclusive resort for fine dining regardless. I did however notice that there were perhaps not a lot of options for those who choose to follow a vegetarian diet although it certainly could be done. My favorite thing to eat was the build your own nachos at the beach grill. Yum! Overall, the food was good and there was plenty of it, but it would not be the kind of meal I would seek out. My husband would disagree with my comments here as he could NOT get ENOUGH of the buffet. Drinks: Available in abundance and lots of tasty concoctions to choose from in both alcoholic and virgin selections. The mixed drinks were cool, but never really ice cold. Still delicious either way! Try the Coco Loco (can be made with or without rum) and the Banana Mama. The beer (either Presidente or Bohemia Especial) was also very good and was cold. Tipping/Staff: The staff were absolutely amazing. They work so hard for so little but always with a smile on their face, or while singing and dancing. Their hard work made us WANT to tip, although you never felt pressured to do so. Beach: Gorgeous, gorgeous, GORGEOUS! Lots of chairs although the shady ones tend to fill up fast. Beach volleyball and soccer nets are also available and it鈥檚 a nice stretch for walking. Tours: We did the mini speedboats (little 2seater boats and you get to be the driver) and snorkeling excursion 鈥?it was awesome. The guides were terrific and the boats and snorkeling were a ton of fun. We also did a day trip to Santo Domingo (the capital city of the Dominican Republic). This was my FAVORITE day. FULL of history, architecture, culture, a beautiful walking tour and it included lunch. It was a long day as we had to leave the resort at 6am for our 4 hour drive and were not back at the resort until around 10pm but it was just EXCELLENT.Overall: Fantastic holiday! I don鈥檛 like to go to the same place twice but would definitely consider going here again. Absolutely awesome. If I had to complain about anything it would be only that I did find it was a little bit noisy at night (but that is mostly other inconsiderate tourists) and the rooms were a little bit dim and could have improved on the lighting a bit. My biggest complaint? Is that I am not still there!!!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kristy_adair
<Content>Excellent holiday!       Beach  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>jkinger
<Content>Awesome From the moment we arrived at the hotel the service was friendly and quick. My room was a suite and just was awesome. Everthing worked,mini bar supplied every other day, air conditioning,all towels kept up,the room had no musty smell at all.The beach , and pool was excellent with plenty of shade.The weather ,what can I say was truely great.The food,service,bars was really the best I had in the last 8 years I've been to Punta Cana. That credit should go to Iberostar Resorts.Thank you so very much for making our Anniversary a memory we'll never forget. If you have any questions e-mail me. jkinger@sbcglobal.netNew Berlin,WI. Jeff  Cece  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarnie2912
<Content>wonderful holiday We have just come back from a week at the Iberostar Dominicana, it was absolutely perfect I cant think of one negative thing to say about this hotel and resort, the staff were amazing so happy and nice nothing was to much trouble. We booked the trip to saoana island which was lovely but the rep didnt tell us it was a two hour coach transfer there and back so check this out first it may be better to book through the hotel and go all the way by boat, also we preffered the lobby bar in the adjoining punta cana hotel as it was smaller and less busy.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WJB48623
<Content>Great beaches! We spent five nights at the resort from February 21st through the 26th. THE BEACH- The beach was the best part of the resort- great sand, wide, and long (great for long walks). A consistent breeze kept it comfortable.THE DRINKS- The frozen drinks left alot to be desired. But, the beer was cold and we eventually found a couple of drinks they made well.THE FOOD- We were told we had one trip to a specialty restaurant trip available. After eating the first night at the buffet, we showed up dressed decent to the speciality places and asked if we could eat there and were never turned down!! We ate at four specialty restaurants in five nights! Each were decent meals. The buffets were okay, nothing exceptional but nothing terrible either. THE SERVICE- The service was great, better than at all inclusives we have been to. You are greeted friendly everywhere and no one ever seemed put off by a request. We tipped some and it was always appreciated but we never felt it was necessary to tip in order to get good service.THE ENTERTAINMENT- It does seem like the popular music lists get delivered to DR by horse and buggy. The music in the disco and in the shows was from the late 70s to early 80s at best. OVERALL- We've been alot of places and Punta Cana ranks high for the overall value and especially for the great beach. We will likely return but would be open to a different resort or would return here if the price is right. The annoyances of cheesy entertainment and mediocre drinks was overshadowed by the other positives of this resort. I would recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>BrunkWisconsin
<Content>Loved Iberostar Dominicana! We just returned from a weeks stay at the Iberostar Domicana in the DR and we had a fantastic time! The weather was perfect, the food was good and we found the accomodations to be wonderful. We did not see many people tipping. We did tip the gentlemen that handled our baggage and a few bartenders but it was not necessary. The service was excellent regardless.We did not find many who understood the Americana for the first few days but eventually it was not a problem. There were people there from all over the world and a lot of Europeans given the President's Day Holiday. Alot of topless sunbathers. Ladies if you are the jealous type then go elsewhere because it is everywhere! It didn't bother me and my husband never tired of looking at all the half naked women.The food was good except we did not enjoy the Mexican. The drinks were good but hard to get them cold enough. We took insulated mugs and that was a good move. We did not brush our teeth with the tap water and we had no problems. We did drink the water at the restaurants. They assured us that the restaurants and ice at the bars were purified and we had no problems. The drinks were very sweet, but you find your mix after a few days. There is plenty to pick from, both drink and food.The beaches were wonderful but we did not venture out on the tours given it was just the two of us. We were concerned that it might be difficult to get home if one of us were ill or injured without additional travel companions help. We talked to some that ventured off outside the resort but the were very seasoned travelers. The area outside of the resorts is very dirty, underdeveloped and unappealing. We elected to stay on the resort after seeing the area on the bus ride to the resort. The free watersports are in a congested area with the locals buzzing between you with boats pulling people behind them or parasailing. Not an extremely safe environment but entertaining and fun to watch.We felt very safe on the resort. Thre were thousands of other people but we never felt crowded, unattended or uncomfortable. It is well represented online and is absolutely beautiful. The rooms were very comfortable and the bathrooms were fine. No cockroaches or problems of any sort.Tips... take insulated mugs, forget the hair curler, you will need an adapter for 110 hair dryers but they are only a dollar or two at the front desk, bring some snack foods from home for an occasional fix because the food is so different, and bring some oral antibiotics if you have some left over. I had 3-4 days of excruciating pain as a tooth abscessed and I wasn't brave enough to trust what limited medication they had available at the pharmacy. That was the only downside to an otherwise perfect vacation.Ohla.... it is wonderful at Punta Cana!!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>skycatcher
<Content>Beach lovers I returned from Punta Cana Feb 2, 2008. I was a bit leary of going to the Domincan Republic as I have always vacationed in Mexico. I must say that I had the most wonderful experience while I was there. I stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana. The hotel was very clean, the staff and people that I had contact with were always courtious and helpful with anything I had any questions about. I am a beach lover and the beach was in excellent condition [unless you are a shell hunter there were none] The waters were pristine. The food was always very good and a variety that would please any palate. I did not spend much time around the pool but it was very large and there was never a search for lounge chairs on the beach or by the pool. I traveled through Apple vacations and the rep at the hotel was very helpful with any question I had. The entertainment was average but after spending the day in the sun and walking the beach I was too tired to attend many of the functions. I highly recommend the Iberostar Dominicana in Punta Cana.  If you are a shopper the variety of areas to shop are limited and more than a little walk down the beach for those who are physically impaired. The Ala Carte resturants were excellent especially the Steak house. The beef was excellent even at the cafateria.  One thing I do not recommend is that you try to drive any type of vehicle while you are there. Let them do the driving. The traffic was very busy and I do not believe I saw any traffic signals or signs it was everyone for themselves. There is a new highway under construction going from the airport to the hotel area and may be a better ride when that is finished.  For americans traveling with their children you should be aware that there is a certain amount of nudity on the beach but it is not allowed by the pool otherwise everything was perfect. It only rained one night and a few quick showers a couple of days. The humidity was not a high as it is in Mexico and even a little cool in the evening so take a light sweater or jacket if you are outside in the evening I highly recommend this area to beach lovers  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beatriz121
<Content>A memorable experience Just returned from a week's vacation at the Dominicana. It was sad day when we had to say goodbye to the wonderful weather. The resort is exceptionally clean, the grounds are like a park, and the workers were friendly and helpful. After reading some of the reviews, I must admit that I was a bit apprehensive. After settling in, I came to the conclusion that those who were critical of the resort must be horribly picky and would probably not be satisfied no matter where they went.Food - between the buffet restaurants at Dominicana and Punta Cana, there's more variety than most resorts offer. The a la carte restaurants were fantastic. We especially liked the Mexican restaurant and the one that was oceanside and served seafood. Getting reservations can become a bit confusing. It seemed like availability was usually 2 or 3 days out but we managed to fit in the 3 speciality meals which were promised to those who stayed a week. The open air dining areas had seating for smokers on one side, nonsmokers on the other. Thank heavens! No point ruining a wonderul meal having to breathe someone else's smoke.Beach - The white, fine sand can't be beat. There are no shells, rocks, or seaweed. The ocean never settled down while we were there, but the rolling waves were still gentle enough to have fun. You can walk safely for miles in either direction because the shore is lined with one hotel after another. Rooms - spacious with tile floors which are easy to keep immaculate. Our room had a king size bed and a small sofa bed which was ideal for our 3 year old granddaughter who stayed with her parents in another room. A hairdrier is included. If you bring your own, you will need an adaptor which they have available at the front desk.Shows - Every night at 9:30 the crowd gathers in the open air theater. We had the privilege of seeing the Michael Jackson show, a special International show, and one that featured top tunes. They were truly enjoyable. On the off nights they put on programs involving guests of the hotel. Not top notch entertainment, but worth a few laughs.What I found I didn't need to take along -1) my curling iron. Between the wind and dampness, what was the point?2) insect repellent. Never needed it, although I did get a few spider bites which were very itchy.3) several pairs of shoes. Basically, I used my black flip flops. They worked with shorts, the beach, and even with a skirt/dress for the a la carte restaurants.4) a sweater or a jacket. Daytime, the temps were in the mid 80's. Even at night, it remained pleasantly warm.What's helpful - 1) Books/magazines if you're planning to spend time on the beach.2) Lots of single dollar bills for tips. Side trips - we spent 13 1/2 hours making the bus trip to Santo Domingo to see historical sites. The trip we took through Apple Vacations is long, but worth it if you want to get a feel for real Dominican life. Exercise - you'll find many people walking the beach. Dominicana also offers a well equipped, open air exercise room with bikes, weights, and stair steppers. You can watch people on the beach while you work out. They do require people using the equipment to wear tennis shoes. The music that they have playing helps to keep a person motivated.For kids - we discovered a small playground which was just right for our 3 year old granddaughter. She spent a lot of time on the beach (under the shady palapas) digging with her sand toys. One day she painted a plaster of paris frog. There's a small wading pool which is great for the little ones. She enjoyed the evening performances as long as she had some toys along. Kids were usually invited up to the stage at the end of the show and could pretend they were the stars.Workers - very friendy and VERY energetic. Between bingo, dance lessons, archery, etc. there's plenty to keep people busy during the day if they aren't planning to spend time on the beach. Illness - out of our group of 5, no one got sick. It was comforting to know that there is a small clinic, pharmacy and doctor on the grounds. If you are looking for a relaxing time in a beautiful setting, you won't be disappointed with a stay at the Dominicana. Iberostar seems to know what they are doing to keep folks satisfied.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mayacabo
<Content>Terrible experience and reservation mix up! Imagine flying to another country, trying to check in at the front desk and being turned away because they don't have your reservation on file. Not just that, but for the hotel staff not to offer any solution or help in trying to resolve the issue. That's exactly what happened to me at the Iberostar Dominicana. We booked through a tour company and received a confirmation on the flight, transfers and hotel. Everyone else seemed to have our information with no questions asked, but apparently the hotel had no reservation for us, and claimed all of their 3 resorts were totally booked. I find that impossible to believe. After we had them talk to the tour company for a couple hours, they still didn't offer us a room. They didn't even apologize or do anything to help us find other accomodations. To make a long story short, they were rude, very impersonal and caused us to waste our entire first afternoon of our vacation. We asked the tour company to find us another hotel and they did. We ended up staying at the Majestic Colonial Punta Cana, a more luxurious resort which turned out to be great. Never again will I stay at an Iberostar or recommend one to friends or family. Nothing like this has ever happened to me. In terms of terrible hotel service, I can't think of too many things that beat this experience.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>PreciousPookie
<Content>Very Impressed After visiting Mexico for 7 straight years, our group (11 this year) decided to venture into the Dominican Republic. Nine of us stayed the the Dominicana, two stayed the the Punta Cana Iberostar. Even though were were in two different hotels, you couldn't tell the difference, the grounds connected and were close enough that we didn't have any difficulty whatsoever finding each other. All of us were impressed with Iberostar, the, grounds, food, beach and the staff. Nothing to complain about at all, lots to recommend. There was a good variety of food and we didn't have many problems making reservations at the sit down resturants. The Mexican speciality restaurant and Japanese were by far the best.There was only one night where the steak house could not accomidate all of us at once, no big deal we split up and experienced two different restrauants that night.The beach was perfect.... Beach bar close by, buffet and ice cream stand right there on the beach(loved the rum  raisin ice cream), and occasionally they cooked on the beach. It was a little piece of Paridise! The casion was small but fun, don't plan on winning, just look at it as entertainmentDrawback. After taking a shuttle from the airport to the hotel we all decided that we didn't think it was a very good idea to venture out into the community. It was a very depressed, and depressing, area. No traffic control devices, dirty with litter all around, and overall not a place were we would feel comfortable, and we are a pretty ventursome group that normally visits and shops in the communities we are visiting. Oh well, at least we came home well rested for a change :) However, I am glad we tried something different and have no regrets.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tom12345
<Content>A good choice for a holiday       room  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iwannatravel
<Content>Lovely, beautiful and so Friendly We arrived at the front desk at about 4 p.m. It was only about 35 minutes from the airport (super easy.) Our room was ready so we were able to check in. The guy there was fine, but was very hard to understand. We had to ask several things again, and still didn't get the whole thing. Then we were treated to some type of fruit punch. It was good. We were then taken to our rooms. (There was four of us -- two couples.) One thing that we didn't do -- and I would recommend doing -- was to go ahead and try and make some dinner reservations. (We didn't do that until the next day after we met with our rep from Funjet/VIP tours.) After you check in, (if it's between 9-12 or 3 -6 p.m.) turn to your right and walk back diagonally to the right to a lady sitting at a desk. She will make your dinner reservations. If you are staying 4 nights or less, you are only guaranteed ONE dinner reservation. But if you do it right away, there is a possibly (not a big one) that you may get another dinner resv. if you check with her asap. (If you are staying 5-6 nights, you are guaranteed TWO dinner resv.; 7 nights and up you get more.) They may offer you to be put on a cancellation list, and the more flexible you are about restaurants or times, the more likely you are to get in.Dominicana has a huge, beautiful grounds with flamingos walking around, and everyone there was so friendly. There are several pools with a lot of lounges. The room was fine, the bathroom was more than adequate, with lots of little samples of shampoo, lotion, etc... (We were located in 4037 and our friends in 4041, pretty close to a pool and the beach.) The power went out briefly several times. Our friends in another room noticed it more than we did since they were in their room more. It didn't bother us, and it is not unusual (same thing happened last year in Jamaica.) We got there on Super Bowl Sunday, and the two guys were able to watch this on TV (the first 1/2 in Spanish, the the second in English.) The sports bar was set up with extra seats, but was packed, so they watched it in our room. They have either a show (dancing, singing, etc.) every night, except for about 2-3 nights a week where there is an audience participation show. We stayed 4 nights and went to the 3 shows, but not to the audience participation show. The shows were all pretty good. The Boogie Nights show was really great, because it was songs from the late 70's and 80's, and they were songs that almost anybody could sing/hum along with. The band was great. I couldn't believe how many songs they played in a row!  The only thing I would change is to be able to have more dinner reservations... The buffet was actually not bad. We could all find things that we liked to eat, so it was not a problem. However, the one night we had reservations to the steakhouse, my steak was probably the best I've ever eaten, after I had cut off all the fat.  One night at the buffet was our friends' birthday. We mentioned it to our waitress (who barely spoke English) but she seemed to understand. She told the head lady, and boy, they really made it into a party. They got their instruments out and came and sang to my friend in Spanish and brought her a cake with candles. She was so surprised and touched. That was a big highlight for us. We didn't have any problems except I did have stomach issues on the day we were leaving (not sure what it was caused by.) Our friends did have a problem with their refrigerator working and then not working. The staff addressed the problem asap, but perhaps they didn't know what to do, because it was like this the whole time.  TIP #1: if you go on the beach, and head right, there is a little village of vendors set up. We didn't buy anything there, but it looked like many people did. (To the left on the beach are the RIU hotels.)TIP #2: Calling home was easy. We were told to buy a phone card by our rep. However, we ran into another lady who told us that it was actually cheaper to call directly through the hotel because if you use a phone card, there is a connection fee of $10 or $20 (i forget which, but not cheap.) She was right. It was about 38 pesos a minute, which was about $1.15-20 a minute. Just dial 9 and then the number. Our friends made 3 short phone calls home to the US in Maryland, and it only cost them $5 american dollars! All in all, we were pretty happy. I would go back again. It was such an easy flight to Punta Cana, only 3 hours there, and about 3 hours and 20 mins. back from DC. Not bad. It is poor there; you will see that. (I did leave extra tips for our room maid even though you don't have to.) But the beaches were so nice and everyone was so nice, I would certainly consider returning here....  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>krayengland
<Content>holiday of a life time       fantastic beach  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>nolangirl
<Content>Bloody Great Holiday!!!!       Water activities hut  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>wallythebeerdog
<Content>Enjoyed our stay       Jeep Safari  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>shea10
<Content>Pure Paradise My family of four stayed in the Dominican for two weeks in October 06'. We got married in the Punta Cana due to bad weather but even that could not of ruined a fantastic family holiday. It was BRILL.The staff are all fantastic and very hard working. The maids who are usually mothers themselves are amazing they put so much detail into everthing even my childrens teddy bears were catered for. I would suggest taking some colouring books and crayons for these women to take home for there kids as they are usually away from there families for about ten days at a time and get what a british person earns in a week for a month. I took some pocket sized games for my children for the hotel room when i passed them over to the maid when we were leaving I felt like Father Christmas she was so grateful. The entertainment staff were non stop and the kids club was great. We would take the children at about 9.30am and have to drag them away at about 5ish. The kids had an amazing holiday so they tell us, they were to busy with practicing for shows, archery, water baloon fights and so on to be bothered with us parents.I have just give up smoking so I can save up enough money to go again that is how much I want to go back.WE LOVED IT  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DominicanaGyrl
<Content>The BestHotelIHaveEverStayedIn Xo ! Hotel Dominicana was the best hotel i have ever stayed in. I loved it. The pool was clean, the weather was ver hot (i recomend loads of sun cream!) the food was absolutly perfect. All the staff was as polite as people come. The rooms were very tidy and clean the maids made a great job of tidying the room. The beds were very comfy and i was suprised as we left valubles in the room (opps!) and not one thing was stolen, taken or moved. There was loads of places to eat they were all very nice (i loved the omletes.) So i recomed this hotel to every one. Take it from me this hotel is top class (A1.) Want a holiday? Choose dominican republic iberostar dominicana punta cana. It is great ! My family loved it You will to ! x  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SandyShrrrr
<Content>A Great Vacation At Iberostar Dominicana       More of the beautiful grounds  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>rosclarkie
<Content>Amazing New Year at Dominicana We have just returned from an amazing New Year break at the Dominicana. Unfortunately, we were on the same My Travel flight as 'Aggro'  would suggest to anyone be wary of My Travel etc. . We were in economy  had hardly any legroom, ripped seats  other passengers were unable to watch films - the list of moans is endless!. Also, I was not made aware of 'via manchester' on the booking  sitting on the tarmac at manchester for 2 1/2 hours was dreadful, but fully agree staff were brilliant under difficult circumstances.This was our first winter break  trip to the Carribbean but this holiday has now got us hooked on the Carribbean  Iberostar.On arrival to Punta Cana we immediately felt chilled out  on holiday, the Dominicana is a beautiful hotel which is very clean and well maintained. We stayed in the 4000 block, occasionally we forgot to leave a tip for the maid, but the room was still cleaned to a high standard (clean towels/sheets  mini bar re-stocked). However, be aware that some staff do seem to expect a tip for literally anything but just be firm  I know other Brits were firm  would tip only where they felt necessary. The food in the buffet restaurant was fantastic, we could not fault the quality  selection of the meals  waiting staff are attentive. However, our opinion do not be sucked in to the 'speciality restaurants' they are difficult to book  the food isn't as nice - but DO try to eat at the Steak restuarant, food is lovely.We mainly spent our days at the beach, which is goregous  relaxing, which mean't we ate  drank at the beach bar during the day, yet again more fantastic food  great service! Oh  check out the Pina Coldas, totally addictive!As we were only staying a week we only managed 2 excusions, Bavaro Splash  Carribbean Festival - both worth every penny  worthwhile experiences, staff go the extra mile on these excursions. Both booked through our rep Jorge who was very helpful.Overall, as you can tell from our review we loved the holiday, and can't wait to go back - book this hotel you won't be disappointed!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>LouisfromMass
<Content>A Great Value For The Money I just got back from the Dominicana, I was there from Nov 22 thru Nov 28. I would go back and plan on doing so in the next few years. The Dominicana is a great value for your money. I walked for miles in each direction and the beaches are all the same, but this resort was at least $400 cheaper for the week. I do not go to all inclusives for the food, which was fine here, I go for the beach! The two sit down restaurants I ate at, the Gourmet and the Asian, were better then good. The buffet was pick and choose, but there was plenty of choice and they always had lots of fresh salad ingrediants to pick from. If you love fresh fruit, you will be in heaven here. Yes, everyone does smoke, but it is all open air with very high ceilings with fans, so the smoke was not an issue. Warning, do not buy any cigars from the shacks or shops, they are all fake and priced cheap for a reason. If you want real and expensive cigars, they have a cigar store located in the building next to the tennis courts. I brought my own from home and am very glad that I did. I would recommend that you do the same. I found the grounds to be well cared for and my standard room was clean and not stinky at all, as others have suggested. I would suggest you ask for a room facing the gardens and pool. I love sleeping with my sliders wide open at night to feel the breeze, but since the rooms do not face the ocean, there was no breeze and it was too humid, so I had to close the slider, and turn up the air. I never had an issue finding a lounger under cover at the beach, but I did not go at prime time either. A fact to note is, that this beach is not the Caribbean, it is the Atlantic ocean, so there are waves all the time. If you want the Caribbean sea, it is another 5 miles or so, to the right. The ocean water tempature at this time of year was perfect and the pool water was clean and warm enough to just jump in. Stay out of the Casino, you are better off giving someone else your money to hold then giving you back 50% an hour later. At least this way, you will have some money left! I fould that almost everyone who works there can speak some english and marveled at those who went from spanish, to german to english in the time it took me to drink a very strong cup of coffee. Every one was nice and the shop keepers where not as agressive as I have seen in Mexico. The airport was a piece of cake getting in and out of but do note that when leaving they go thru ALL your bags. Over all, I really did relax and enjoyed this resort and would recomment it to all but the very picky.Louis from Palmer Ma, USA  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>aggro
<Content>another great iberostar We arrived at the Dominicana after an awful MYTRAVEL flight,we were in the premium cabin and although the crew were brilliant and the seats were nice and big and comfy it just did not come up to standard. The food was the worst I have ever had on a flight, no choice, paper cups, and a turkey dinner that I would not feed to my dog! The pizza snack that followed was inedible!We also had to go via Manchester both ways which was not stated on booking.On arrival at the hotel though, we were not disappointed. Having been to loads of Iberostar hotels (the Dominicana was our first 10 years ago) and although getting a little bit tired it was everything that we hoped it would be. The rooms were immaculate as usual and the staff were brilliant. Christmas eve and New years eve were wonderful and the food was great.Thanks Iberostar for a great holiday! Can't wait for the next one in Jamaica!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>irish828
<Content>Great AI Resort for families with older children My family and I stayed here over the summer. We were worried about the weather but it rained only a short time during our week long visit. The staff were very attentive and helpful. They came to serve us drinks both pool side and on the beach. Their beach is very well maintained and has a great area for swimming. I would love to go back!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Peleach
<Content>Go to Mexico instead! My wife and I have traveled the world and found the DR to be our least favorite place. We stayed at the Dominicana which is a basic resort  not a 5 Apple as suggested by Apple Vacations. The front desk staff was borderline rude and not helpful. We had problems with our phone and they basically told us that they would not fix it. The staff although friendly does not go above and beyond as was the case at other resorts and cruises we've visited in the past. I spent the 2nd day confined to my room with a stomach virus and a fever with the chills. We ate at the Mexican rest the night before. The food was terrible. We are from the US northeast and admittedly spoiled when it comes to food choices but in comparison to other vacations it was bad! Meats were over cooked and everything seemed to be slopped into a tray. Many times there were no cups or plates and we had to wait before we could eat. Couldn't wait to come home to eat. The room again was basic. The tub had chips in it and rust stains running down. The phone did not work correctly and the air cond either runs on 1 of 3 settings or is off, it does not turn on and off by itself. If you enjoy staying at the beach later then most be prepared to take a cold shower when you get back to your room. The maid kept leaving the sliding doors unlocked not sure if this was on purpose or not. Also be prepared to be harassed by locals to buy their products they are relentless. We took 4 excursions and they were all different. The Outback safari was the only great professionally operated one. The ATV's were fun but mine only had rear breaks and another guy had a flat tire, the tires on all ATV's were nearly bald. Avoid the Saona island trip. The beach at the hotel was much better. Saona island beach was rocky and god forbid you want to relax on the beach, locals will actually wake you up to sell you things. And the massage women just come up to you and dump oil on you and start rubbing you wether you want it or not. BE AWARE OF THE GYM. It's open air and equip is from 1960's and has the rust to prove it. It's above the spa and the worker at the gym lifted up the rubber mats to show us the holes in the wood floor underneath where weights had fallen through. The only saving grace was Bavaro Beach beautiful and fun. If choosing between Mexico and DR, hands down go to Mexico, Riviera Maya was great and Mexicans are much more accomidating! Good Luck!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>JAKUk
<Content>OK??? Overall the hotel was fine, good food and entertainment grounds kept in excellent condition - if only the rooms had the attention! We bought and paid for a 5* holiday for Christmas which cost 拢5500 for the family of 4, but were disappointed with the accomodation we have stayed in better 3* accomodation. Maybe we are hard to please as the other reviews all seem very positive. Beware although you are allowed to use the facilities at the adjacent Bavaro complex it is not included in the package therefore you may be able to sit at the pool bar but without a drink!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>frankphilly
<Content>Beautiful beach and wonderful people We booked through Apple Vacations and had a stress free trip. The beach is gorgeous, the people are lovely and the food was quite good. The breakfasts are awesome and the buffets had plenty of variety for 5 relatively picky eaters!The people who work at the resort were kind, pleasant and always willing to help out. A little bit of spanish would be great but Hola and gracias worked wonders.The resort had a wonderful Christmas eve dinner for all guests. As much lobster as you could possibly eat which was great...but also Beef Wellington, steaks and a wide assortment of deserts and a great buffet selection. We had a great time....the pools are gorgeous, the grounds superb and the ambience was first rate.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>w426782
<Content>Loved Loved Loved The Iberostar       Beautiful grounds  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Irishka8
<Content>Fun Experience My sister and I stayed at the Iberostar Resort (in the Dominicana) from December 16th to the 23rd. We somehow got upgraded to suite room, which had its own balcony. Our friends stayed in one of the buildings on the Punta Cana side and their room was a bit smaller than ours. The good thing is that we didn't have to use the elevator, as our friends saved 9 people that got stuck in theirs. So if are able to walk, please don't use the elevators, you never know how long it might take for people to get you out.Food - The food choices during breakfast at the buffet were good. We only ate lunch at the beach buffet and everything was fried and choices were limited. We had dinner at the Mexican restaurant - we loved it, then Tropical place - AVOID if you can and the Lobster - very good, although got mixed reviews from others. The food on the Bavaro side was much better and I was able to sneak it at one point, they had much freshes choices. They make everybody book the restaurants, but then they turn out only 1/4 full...i don't understand why they don't let more people come.Entertainment - SUCKED! Even though a few of the nights it was fun, we only got one professional looking show. The disco was fun, if you are young and trying to hook up!Beach - Make sure you get their early to get chairs. Even though it says that you can't save them, people still do (yes, i was one of them;-) Topless nudity - if you don't want the kids to see, sit further away from the beach.Overall, it was a much needed vacation and we made the best of it. If you can, stay at the Bavaro side, they have better food and their own shows.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>OSCARAIRBORNE
<Content>Great Vacation Stay from Dec.16 to Dec. 23We used both the Iberostar Dominicana groundswell as ths Iberostar Punta Cana but somehow they had our room at the Bavaro side that is better in my opinion. It was a great vacation with perfect weather. The Dominican people our the most friendly I have found in the Carribean. We have been to Punta Cana now 4 times so I do have some experience with this reveiw. Don't listen to the bad reveiws , if people don't have a great vacation here there must be some more things at issue than was the shower water hot all the time. Great Weather / Great People / Great Food / Great Time !!!!!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>DJAOrange_MA
<Content>Loved it Great time love the hotel, food, and staff. Beach area clean well managed. Love the evening entertainment. Say hi to Sergio. Can't wait until next year. Ill be back.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>yuradog
<Content>great time My wife and I and two other couples just got back from the Iberostar Dominicana. We all had a great time, the resort was clean including the beach and the food was good. When booking at this resort check the prices for Dominicana and the Punta Cana both buildings are the same and they are equal distance to the pool and buffets. Book the one that is cheaper in price because you get the same everything no matter what resort you stay at. The food was good like I said and you will not go hungry that is for sure. The only negative is the night life they had a show every night that was ok if you knew spanish. They do try to speak some broken english but it is mostly spanish. They do have a disco bar that opens at 11pm but it had alot of todays retro music and i'm a eighties guy. Besides that it is worth the money to stay there. If you are a beer drinker only, then you have to hope you like there local brew. It is called Presidente, I enjoyed it over and over again. If you like mix and frozen drinks then you are all set they have plenty of booze down there. If you have young kids or do not care to see topless woman, this is not the island for you. I don't think has to do with the resort it is just the nationality of the people that go there. Alot of people from Europe and South America were there and they lay in the sun topless. Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>gjsand
<Content>Great place in Punta Cana       Pool  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>GiordanoBruno
<Content>Great vacation, wonderful resort We have just returned from a week at the Iberostar Dominicana. For the ones that are planning to go there, just go and have fun. Great hotel, clean rooms, good food, amazing beach, grounds, entertainment... It all depends on you to enjoy all these and have fun.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kendalloo
<Content>Fabulous Time! I just returned home from a week vacation at Iberostar. I went from the 25th of Nov to the 2nd of December with my family and best friend.The hotel was beautiful. The landscaping was jsut wonderful..the gardens were maintained very well and they were very colourful. The beach was also very nice and aswell was the pool. It was kind of hard to find a good chair on the beach, you had to look kind of hard. There was a great variety of bars all across the resort, my favorite had to ahve been the lobby bar. The Bartenders were very nice and helpful when choosing a good drink. A really good drink id recommend to try would be an Iberostar or an Alexandre..tey were so tasty!The entertainment was prety good, and the night show was generally very well done. The animacion staff were very friendly, and tried to get everyone involved. They ahd a beach party the one night and it was quite a fun time. The disco was really neat, and they played a large variety of good music.We went on 2 of the excursions..We went snorkeling with the sharks and sting rays, and also to Saona Island. Saona island wasnt really something that I would recommend.The service at the hotel was awesome, they seemed to be able to tend to everything you needed..The one tihng I jsut wasnt to happy with was the food..Al though alot of people seemed to enjoy it, I wasnt a big fan.But I would recommend getting a reservation at the stake house beucase the food was really good there. it was probably the best all week.Overall, this resort was fantastic! I have been to the Dominican twice and now and would definatly love to go back. I would recommend this to many people and definatly people looking for alot of fun. I hope this is helpful  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leeRochdale
<Content>Loved It. Me and my girlfriend stayed in Nov, 8th to 22nd. Our third visit to the Dominican republic. Absolutely loved it. The people who complain are just too picky, you get what you pay for. food was excellent regardless of where you ate, the staff are briliant. We will definately be going back to this resort. So go and enjoy. the holiday will only be as good as you make it.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>s4rnc
<Content>'My name is ruban I teach scuba here on the island does anyone like to scuba'? Perfection.......The weather, the sea the sand the pools the food the rooms, perfection! This was a fabulous two weeks in the sun to relax and unwind. Try out the 'Rock Cafe' great Chicken and Cesar salad, go easy o the squash as I learnt tap water is used, not so yum!!! Definatley recommend to all  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>katiebit777
<Content>GREAT, ABSOLUTELY GREAT OK, so I read a lot of reviews on this site in preparation for our trip, and there's a grain of truth in most of them. My husband and I went with our family and friends on a seven day vacation in October. We both had a blast. The Food: The food has so much variety every day, yes they do have some of the same things every day, but they're good, so what's the problem? But every night at dinner at the buffet they had a different theme at the grill, chinese, italian, etc. The food at the beach restaurant was great, although the bartenders were sometimes not as friendly as the rest of the staff. We only ate at one restaurant, La Marimba, I believe. Great food. The Rooms: Even though all the advice said get a room in the 6000's, couldn't do it, that entire side of the hotel was under renovation. We had a room in the 4000's, had the caribbean musty odor, and the occasional little bugs from the flowers, but it was really ok. Maid cleaned the room wonderfully every day, and kept our frig stocked with whatever we asked for. Left a one or two dollar tip for her every day. (My husband left his wallet out on accident one day, and it wasn't even touched.) Note *Our maid spoke very VERY limited english, so knowing a little spanish is helpful when leaving a note for the maid to request water, beer, etc. For the first couple days, the tub wouldn't drain right, but it was fixed somehow without our requesting it on the third or fourth day. (I really think the tips helped there, and what's a dollar or two a day?)The Beach: ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!!! Yes, a lot of women going around topless, and men walking around in speedos, regardless of age or size. Oh well, if you didn't like it, you could always not look. :-) You do have to save yourself beach umbrellas pretty early. The ocean was just wonderful, our party found 6 very large conch shells, and 3 smaller ones. The sun is SUPER STRONG. My husband is very dark skinned, but he burnt. Fun Stuff: We went on the catamaran, which is free, included in your stay, and it was super fun. (Be careful, those things can tip over! Learned that from experience.) Going to the market was cool, but seriously, haggle with them. They will give you a price that won't make you choke, but you may have to walk away and let them call you back. Start out at half or less of what they offer, and be willing to settle for 2/3 of their original price. (You can get less than that, you just have to be REALLY good at haggling.) Some of them will literally follow you around and keep hounding you. Speaking a little spanish is a plus here as well. We went to the Manatee Park and swam with the dolphins. That is really fun, and worth the money. Get the pictures and DVD of this if you can, they are really good quality. They let you view them to see if you want to buy them. The entertainment at night is usually really cool. (If it's Michael Jackson night, skip it. Trust me. Boring.) The drinks are good. Certain waitress will keep bringing you your drinks by memory if you tip them a couple times a night. The Star friends are really fun. Jordan the Black Banana is the funniest of them all, and the best dancer. The Disco is ok, probably best for the young and the drunk.The ride through town to and from the airport, and to and from Manatee Park was very educational: Seeing the city makes you realize these people are pretty poor, so for them, one or two dollar tips probably help a whole lot, and for the wonderful job they do, why not? Also, pray before you get on one of those buses. THERE ARE NO TRAFFIC RULES IN PUNTA CANA. Everybody drives, passes, etc. wherever and whenever they want. Get ready for a fun ride! ;-) On the trip home, remember: Any checked luggage over 50 lbs, you get charged. A LOT! SUMMARY: We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MomofThreeNewJersey
<Content>An OK vacation in an OK hotel Our group stayed in the ID on Oct. 26 - Nov. 2. Flew from Newark, NJ on USA 3000. I have nothing bad to say about the flight. If you don't care for their $5 meals, bring your own food. The juice and coffee were free and pretty good. The bus trip to the hotel was fine too.  Once in the hotel, we were given a family room as there were four of us (two adults and two toddlers). The room was actually two rooms, one out of the other, with a king bed in one and two doubles in the second room. Each room had a TV, closet and balcony. The rooms were dated, but clean and spacious. The only thing I was lacking was an alarm clock. There was plenty of bottled water supplied. We didn't make any specific requests as to beer or anything else in the mini bar, so got standard stuff. The first three days it rained like crazy and, let me tell those of you with kids, there was absolutely nothing for the kids to do there in bad weather. The kids club was a joke. It was a tiny hut with a few old toys and a broken TV. My 6 yr old stayed there for 15 minutes and that was that. There was a covered walkway from the hotel to the lobby and restaurants, so we didn't have to come out into the rain, which was great. The beach was awesome: the shade, the send, the water, everything was terrific. A word about women walking around topless. Nine times out of ten it ain't a pretty sight you want to see on your vacation IMHO. Food was fine if you didn't expect much. I was pleasantly surprised by different kinds of steamed and boiled veggies which were quite good. Don't miss the paeya (sp?) on the beach. Yam!!! The humidity wasn't bad, but wet clothes weren't drying either inside or outside, so I was glad I took extra clothes for all of us. The issue for us was smoking. The offending smokers were everywhere. In the buffet, lobby, during shows, we were surrounded. My daughters loved the shows, but each time we had to suffer through clouds of cigarette and cigar smoke all around us. I guess next time I will have to look for a hotel with separate smoking and non smoking areas as this really spoiled our vacation.  It was our first trip to the DR, so maybe some things which I complained about are typical for most of the hotels. I wouldn't know. I think the hotel is fine except for the above mentioned points. Hope my review helps fellow vacationers.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>alchik81
<Content>Disappointing vacation       Rooster  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>Kpot
<Content>Excellent Stayed 17 sep for 2 weeks; this hotel is lovely apart from the shop as it is too expensive!Beach is nice but not as good as I have seen before (Mexico) Hotel is better though - the staff, especially Ishmail on reception and barman Frank Perez.Hotel grounds are gorgeous and I thought the food was great, where else can you have free lobster, caviar and champagne?! The American diner was good as was the main buffet and steakhouse and chinese, not too keen on the tropical or mexican restaurants though!Do stay at this hotel - I am very well travelled to these kind of destinations and consider this to be a very good 4* hotel, cant wait to go back!Hope you enjoy your hols!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sariesarebare
<Content>I lost weight at the iberostar dominicana Ok the Dominican republic was absolutely beautiful..the people were so kind so happy for me to be in their country..teh Iberostar staff was great..but the food..o god the food..it was so pretty..it taste so not pretty!..Me and my boyfriend had a wonderful time all except everytime we ate,.it was flavorless..we actually lost weight even tho we ate alot probably becuz we walked and swam so much..My boyfrined actually had severe stomch pain and bloody stool 5 of the seven days we were here..but all and all..we had an absolutel lovely romantic time..I wont stay at iberostar again.. but i will def visit the dominican republic:)  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoJoLiverpool
<Content>Better than Expected My boyfriend and I stayed here from the 18th Sept- 2nd Oct. We went along with our friends (another couple). This complex is fantastic. We arrived at around 6pm. We were given our wrist bands and room cards. The manager of the hotel gave us a brief talk about the complex, he was really funny and welcoming. We got to our room and after 5 minutes our bags arrived. The room was very clean. The air con was great and you also get a ceiling fan. The TV didn't work in the room so the next moring we left the sign on the door saying TV not working and when we got back to the room it was sorted. The mini bar was stocked every day as we left the maid a few dollars. The coffee machine was great too. The food here is excellent. The people who write bad reviews of the food are too fussy. And as for it being repetitive, how can it be, there is that much choice, why have the same thing again? We dined at the Steak house, tropical, oriental and mexican restaurants. We managed to get 2 reservations in the steak house. It was fairly quiet while we were there. After we had used our 4 guarenteed reservations, the lady on the desk advised us we could have more. She said to go and see her the day we wanted to go and they'd book us in for that night. The steak at the steak house was delicious! My boyfriend being a major steak fan was quite impressed. We were concerned that the tropical restaurant would only serve fish, however they had pork and beef on the menu also. The Mexican restaurant was brilliant. Another guest was celebrating a birthday and all the staff come out singing and dancing and even had us join in. The oriental restaurant is on the punta cana side. This was really nice also. The tropical restaurant is situated where the lunch buffet was at the beach. The steak house restaurant was closed so this was also held where the tropical restaurant was but on alternative days. (if you get what I mean). It made no difference. The restaurants were always really quiet. The steak house and tropical are not air conditioned and on reading the info in the room, it advises that long pants are mandatory in restaurants with air con, therefore, men could wear smart shorts at the steak house and tropical. We also ate at the Star Rock Cafe, the food here was ok. We went there nearly every night for drinks as it was air conditioned. They do karaoke (which I didn't get picked for) and have pool tables, air hockey and table footy too. We went to the disco which was a good laugh. A lot of the staff go there and have everyone dancing. The music was mainly spanish. We also had drinks at the beach bar most nights too. This closed at 11pm. Randy at the bar kept us entertained with his singing and dancing. He was great. Also down there we found a stray dog! He was very friendly and liked to lie under the table and go to sleep after some belly rubs. The cocktails are lovely! On the second week of the holiday the pool on the punta cana side was closed to be painted. This didn't really matter to us as it was far too hot it sit by the pool. We spent most days at the beach. If you get on the front row it has the best breeze. The beach- WOW! There are plenty on sun loungers, all in good condition (nothing worse than settling down on it to find the back won't stay down!). It was hot and sunny every day- sometimes so hot you couldn't walk on the sand barefoot. My boyfriend and his friend hired the kayaks nearly every day- there was no charge for this. They also snorkled and found some quite big shells. The sea was a bit rough on a couple of days. Staff come on the beach with parrots, a monkey, a snake and some other animals and you can have your picture taken with them. I had the parrots put on my shoulders and they kept pecking my head. They photos go up by the casino and they are $8.We did one trip to Ocean World. It was 拢349 dollars, which included a dolpin swin. They tried to get us to book a sealion encounter at the same time for $70 but we declined. When we got there though, it was on offer for $30 so we did it. We did this on our last full day and it was very tiring. We got picked up at 7am, took a 45 minute trip to the airport. Flew on a light aircraft for an hour. Had another 45 minute bus trip before we arrived at the park. We didn't really get much time to wonder round. We watched the sealion show and the then had our encounter with them. You get photos taken with them hugging and kissing you. Then we fed love birds and tried to feed parrots but the wouldn't come down from the top on the enclosure. Then we watched the dolphin show and then had our swim. I must admit I was scared of this. The water in the pool was very salty. I did chicken out of some bits. They also take photos here too. The smallest photo 6x4 was $10, they do all kinds of packages too with key rings and framed photos. These are quite expensive. The dvd was $45. It did take a while for the photos. You had to queue to pick which ones you wanted and then wait for them. The dvd part was a nightmare though, it took ages and we were the last on the bus (anyone who was on this trip with us will know who we are- Sorry). On leaving the park there was a huge thunder storm. We stopped off in Puerto Plata to a small gift shop that was nice and we had a tour round Puerto Plata. We then had to fly in the little plane THROUGH the thunder and lightening. Believe me, this was scary! We got back to out resort around 8pm. The bus drivers are crazy! There was a few times I flew out my seat when he hit a bump.Check out was at 12 and we got picked up arounf 2:30pm. The airport was a bit disorganised. The thunder storm from the previous day had crash the computers so the screens were not displaying the right info. There is a small shop which is expensive and only really sells rum. We also ended up paying $210 for 14kg excess baggage (we flew with Thomas Cook).This complex is fantastic. The staff are so friendly. Leo was part of the entertainment crew and he was really funny. Randy at the beach bar was great. They are so efficient and will go out of there way for you. They don't hassle you to join in the games on the beach, if you say no thanks they leave you alone. We had an amazing time and would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kingdbury
<Content>Super Vacation My wife and I spent 2 great weeks during the end of September and could not fault the place. Firstly do not take any notice of the weather forecasts they don't mean a thing. We had sun for the whole time super.Flew First Choice Premium which was very good comfortable and well looked after. Returning home was a different story, alright they did have aproblem with the machine issuing the boarding passes at Punta Cana airport, but we did not expect to sitting behind each other. After our meal I asked if we could move to the ordinary cabin and fortunately we had three seats behind the Premium cabin bulkhead whiuch was fine. Will watch this next time after paying all that extra. The First Choice Rep. Stephanie Costello at the hotel was great, how sad it is that there are not girls like her at all the hotels.Food drink excellant and frige stocked daily, met some great people.Our third Iberostar holiday now looking for the next one.Have a great time  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>pleasedaspunch
<Content>absolutly fabulous We took our holiday at the iberostar costa dorada 26th of march for 3wks, there were 19 of us in total as my now husband and i were getting married. Everything at this hotel was so perfect and pretty it was amazing, the staff were so frindly and happy and worked so hard and for peanuts. Me and my husband stayed for our 3rd week alone and eveyone else went home with our 3 children even though we missed them millions we had and awesome time and i cried leaving. Our wedding was so special and perfect in every way i couldnt have asked for better it was so simple but perfect, it was the best day of our lives because we had exactly what we wanted where we wanted it and with all the people who we cared about. We cant wait to go back there again and have another fantastic experience. Try the safaris they are awesome but i must say that oceon world was let down even though we swam with the sharks which was so good, wasn;t that keen on the dolphins though i think they'd had a long day and were in a bad mood, but apart from that i couldn't say a bad word about it except try it you wont be disappointed, ENJOY.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pjbcab
<Content>Another Iberostar winner My wife and I have just returned from the Iberostar Dominicana in Bavaro, having 2 weeks of bliss. Having been to other Iberostar hotels previously we new the type of room we were looking for and an email to Iberostar led to us getting exactly what we required.This hotel came up to all expectations in all departments with the surroundings beautiful, the pool, gardens and beach superb. The restaurants provided excellent quality food and service with six speciality varieties as well as the buffet. On a two week break you get 4 guaranteed places from 5 and you can visit the 6th The Rock Star Cafe as many evenings as you wish. This proved for us to be the bonus item on the holiday as you don't have to make reservations for set times (as with the other 5 ) which can be restrictive. At the Rock Star Cafe it is walk in seating with waiter service and a good a la carte menu.On the entertainment front the daytime activities are varied and well organised by the Star Friends. We watched many and participated in the International Bingo Bongo compared by the multi lingual Daniel who we thought to be our star. On the evening entertainment front the shows were a bit hit and miss but generally good fun and packed with enthusiasm, plus a first class band and four singers. A good idea in the evenings is a visit to the main theatre bar for top quality branded drinks' but remember to ask for Gordons when you want a G  T otherwise you will get the local brew.Having been to Iberostar hotels before we knew that Hobie cat sailing was included in the price and down at the dive shop we met the charming Belgian man Jannick who was in charge and sorted out the sailings for us on a day to day basis. He was aided by Dominican assistants who got you in and out of the water with expertise and always with a smile.We travelled with My Travel and the Airbus from Gatwick was freezing cold on the way out and cramped and uncomfortable on the way back. The holiday was booked with Direct Holidays and it was nice to have as their representative a local Dominican gent called Felix who did his job with enthusiasm and charm making you feel like a real person.Finally a cautionary note: half way through our holiday our beach bag was stolen from our loungers at poolside. Security did recover the bag but missing was my wife's reading glasses on a gold chain, some old travel binoculars and a few dollars. Our sun creams, keys and empty wallet were left in the bag and returned to us. Fortunately our camera and MP3 player were in our room so the theft was more inconvenient than costly but beware of leaving items of importance unattended in public areas. This incident did not spoil our holiday or put us off the hotel.We would give the hotel a top rating and recommend it as one to go for.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>walvon
<Content>Excellent Holiday This was our first holiday to the Dominican republic and our first all inclusive.We stayed here from the 13th to 28th August and had a excellent time.we had room number 4150 which was on the 1st floor overlooking the pool.The maid came daily and changed the sheets and towels and refilled the mini fridge(was told this would be every other day)we left a couple of dollars every couple of days and a gift for her at the end of our stay.The food in the buffets was excellent and they had different choices everyday,we ate in a couple of the other restaurants,the steak house and they were good,the best one was the rock cafe(you don't need to book) we ate there a couple of times.we drank the water in all the restaurants and it was fine,my hubby did have an upset tummy a few nights,but we found out it was the malaria tablets he was taking and not the food! he stopped taking them and was fine after that.The Hurricane passed us by on the 18th and the daily activities were taken inside,we got roped into playing bingo which was a laugh as they say the numbers in four languages so you have to listen carefully,we didn't win!There were daily activities by the pool and beach and evening entertainment,The Michael Jackson show was excellent.My husband used the gym a couple of times and said it was o.ki had my nails done at the hairdressers(she speaks a little english) it cost 50 dollars which is added to your room bill so you pay at the end of your stay.The pool was excellent, about 5ft at the shallow end, you get a towel card and can exchange your beach towels as many times as you like at the towel hut,they also have board games,books etc you can borrow.We did take our own beach towels and didn't use them,you can use the pool at the other 2 hotels.We went on a couple of trips,The outback discovery $90 and also ocean world,$300 which included return coach,flight and tour guide,we had a dolphin experience,where we met a dolphin,you can also swim with them.Both were excellent value for money,if you do the outback discovery,take with you pencils,notepads,etc for the school they take you to,and also stuff to give to the children you see as you are driving around, the trip included drink,food,trip to coffee plantation, horse riding, sight seeing and beach.My hubby celebrated his birthday here and received a bottle of rum from the hotel and a voucher for champagne from our tour company(Thomas Cook) which we could use at any of the restaurants.He had a excellent day.All the staff and star friend were friendly and helpful, most of them understood English.We had plenty of choice from the bar,and if you sit at the bar as soon as you have finished your drink they refill it for you without even asking(brilliant!) we tried most of the cocktails on the menuand the rum was very tasty.We flew with my travel which was o.k . try and take soft drinks with you as they charge 80p for a small pepsi ans 拢1 for a small tub of pringles. headphones for the tv are 拢2.50 each. when we arrived at Punta Cana it didn't take too long to go through and get your bags, beware of the men at the airport waiting to take your bags for you, its not far to take them and they want tipping,you can't avoid them on your return journey as they get your bags before you can get of the coach, we had two of them arguing over our two suitcases, as they had one each! it took about 40 mins to get to the hotel and we were dropped off first,they are still working on the road from the airport to the hotel,but the road was o.k.If you are buying duty free on your return flight,don't go in the first shop you see at the airport, walk through to terminal 2 where they have a proper shop, we got brandy for $10 and superkings for $22.We had such a lovely time here that we are planning to go back next easter for my birthday and try out the Bavaro  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vsronnie
<Content>Beautiful..must go see       shops  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rjb5
<Content>AWESOME!!! We have just returned from a 2 week stay at the Dominicana hotel which we can only describe as perfect. The family room that we were allocated was huge and had a seperate bedroom with access through double doors. The room was cleaned every day and was spotless throughout. We were told that the mini bar would be topped up every other day but it was done each day. The air conditioning system was a life saver as the weather was extremely hot. Do not take any towels as the beach towels are included and the room towels are changed dailyThere was a fantastic selection of food in the main buffets, both at lunch and evening. The room for the evening buffet was very hot and would benefit from air conditioning but the food was excellent and child friendly!! The restaurants were excellent, particularly the gourmet restaurant which is a 4 course set meal and the oriental. The service was very friendly and efficient.The sea and beach are 'out of this world' and the views are simply stunning. The pool is very big and very clean. There was day time activities available including beach games, beach volleyball, water polo, dancing, bingo etc. The evening entertainment was good and included a disney show, various dancing and singing and was well attended. Very hot though!!! This hotel was faultless, although there was too much salt in the sea!!!!!!!!! The staff could not be more friendly or helpful and the environment and views were incredible. We shall return to this hotel when we visit the Dominican Republic again.The one negative aspect of the holiday was the check in at the airport on departure. It was faily chaotic and they attempted to charge us $15 for every kilogram we were overweight in luggage. After much negotiation, we didn't pay (we were a party of 11 and consideraly over!!) but be aware of your luggage weight when returning home. This was not made clear to us by Thomas Cook prior to the holiday and many people were not happy at such a chage being levied. The Thomas Cook flight was very average and the leg room was very poor compared to other long haul flights we have been on. No complimentary drinks either!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stevesky26
<Content>Good Place I just returned from Iberostar Dominicana in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. I stayed there for a week with my wife.We had a great time. The room was nice, clean, very cool, plenty of towels and Great water pressure. My wife liked the new experience of using a bodet. The food was as expected with all inclusive. The buffet was good. As with any buffet, there will be some really good dishes, some good and some you don't like. Everyone has their own taste. So don't go by what someone else says about food. Some like vanilla and some like chocolate, etc.The drinks were good for the most part. Some could have used more rum.The meals in the theme restuarants were very good. The pools were really nice, the beach was beautiful. Great massages in the spa and outside on the property. The staff was very nice and helpful. My wife got sick for one day, and I went to the desk and the girl told me she would order something for the vomiting from the Pharmacy outside the resort because it was much cheaper. In about 30 minutes I had the medicine in my hands. Overall the staff was very helpful and super nice and polite. The only thing I will say that is bad is the paths around the complex. They painted them brown and they are very hot if you are barefoot. Also, when they get wet, they are very slippery. I was returning after a rain storm passed. All of a sudden, I was laying on my back. I went down so fast, it was like stepping on ice. So be extra careful walking around the grounds as well as inside the buildings when it rains. I would recommend this hotel for your vacation.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lisilou96
<Content>The Best Holiday we have ever had - This is like a five star       Our James coming out the lovely sea at Saona Island  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Snappydogs
<Content>Wonderful time at Dominicana       the beach  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Unforgettable
<Content>We had a wonderful time at Iberostar Dominicana My husband and I wanted an island vacation getaway with our dear 5 friends. Our group, four women and three men (ages 43-57), enjoyed a glorious week at the Iberostar Dominicana. Although we had all traveled many places in the Carribean, only three of us had previously been to an all-inclusive, and my husband and I hadn't been. First let me say- I love the all inclusive stay- it was so relaxing and at the same time I felt there were things to do all the time if I so chose. Much better than cruising which is so structured by the itinerary- day at sea vs day at port, etc. I could build my own itinerary-very cool!! Iberostar Domicana was moderately priced and met all our needs very well. First of all, the beach location is gorgeous, the pool ideal, the gardens beautiful, the service very accomodating, the food pretty good to excellant. The best dinner options were the gourmet lobster dinner, the mexican dinner and the cafe americana. (The buffet options were very hit or miss. There was always something good at the buffet, but sometime you heard about it after you ate a mediocre entree. Avoid beef- which is both tough and fatty and not what we are used to in the US.) We really wanted to relax so we spent a lot of time beachwalking and poolside. In the evening we really enjoyed the solitude of the beach cabanas and bar service-when most other guests were at the main hotel bar and stage show. We caught one or two shows and they were cute, but way too corny.We went on the Outback Safari excursion and it was very, very fun. Open bar on a hummer. Our guides were Nacho and Leo- I could have hung out with these guys all week- funny and sweet. The excursion was pretty and gave us a feel a traditional Dominican life. It was humbling. So we were happy we brought several hundred dollars to tip everyone all the time.I am writing this b/c we are planning out next trip for Feb 2008.Go and have a great time!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JohnandCo
<Content>Loved it! Just back from 2 weeks at the Dominicana, our third time in the Dominican (first time here) and the best holiday yet, if not ever!great everything, although evening carabet poor, but a great laugh after a few cuba libras! younger kids loved their part, certificates etc and prizesthe two teenagers we were with discovered the nightclub on their last 2 nights and loved it-some issues about the lads having shots at the bar (both underaged) but we all have to learn sometime!without a doubt, the most friendly palce we've ever stayed in, nothing too much trouble for the staff, with or without el tipioswe found it useful to be able to cash travellers cheques in the casino-they only give you tokens for them , but either have a couple of games or just a quick drink from the free bar then they'll change them back again-no commission, fuss or anythingthere was a nice little reef off the beach, off to the right of the sports centre, look for a black patch in the sea, which was full of fish which gathered in huge shoals for bread crumbs out of a bottle or boiled eggs (from the beach restuarant) horse riding trip was great, but be prepared for a mad gallop down the beach a couple of times-take a drink of water tooloads of entertainment if you want it, although the bingo took ages because of the translationhad looked at the bavaro next door, but a much more expensive option for little more as far as we could see and a huge campus, whereas the Dominicana was nicely compact-ideal for the heatenjoy, we'll go againJohn and Co  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>copyspider
<Content>Great vacation We stayed at the Iberostar in Puerto Plata from July 31-Aug. 6, 2007. We booked the trip through Apple Vacations. They picked us up at the airport and had a representative at the hotel to welcome us and explain everything.The people in the Dominican Republic are very friendly. English is not a problem. We hired a private guide to take us on a tour of Puerto Plata. The Amber Museum is VERY small but there is a huge gift shop. The same is true for the Brugal Rum Factory. We felt very safe with the guide and a taxi driver.The Paradise Island excursion was a waste. It was about 4 hours on a bus and a half hour on a speed boat for only about 2 hours of snorkeling. Not worth it. I heard there is a VIP excursion that goes there that is supposed to be much better. Oh, the island also turned out to be a tiny sand bar.The Outback Jungle Safari was awesome. The guide was very informative and we saw a lot. At the end, there was time to boogie board in the ocean. This was the best excursion of our vacation.The hotel is very nice. The staff are friendly and attentive. If you need anything, they will get it for you. The drinks are watered down and the evening entertainment needs to be improved. The food was good. There was food available 24 hours a day.There were plenty of activities to do at the hotel. They have archery, dance lessons, excercise classes, scuba demonstrations, snorkeling, sea kayaking....etc. There is plenty to keep you busy if you want.The weather was beautiful, but humid. It did not rain at all. I would recommend this island to everyone. It is one of the less expensive islands.The only thing we would change is to stay at a resort that is adults only. There were lots of children running around unsupervised. It was a shame that the parents couldn't even be bothered watching their own brats. It was rude to impose their children's misbehavior on others.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Verito
<Content>Great Vacation....Beautiful!!! We stayed from July 19 - July 27th and let me tell you we were sad to leave such a beautiful place.We had a wonderful time....party of 4 (2 adults and 2 children ages 10 - 12). The staff is wonderful and sooooo friendly. We were immediately given an upgraded room right on the beach with no extra charge. Food is great, there is something for everyone. I don't understand all the negative remarks....these people must totally be miserable people not to enjoy such a beautiful place, with such rich culture. Don't worry, just have fun and enjoy all the beauty around you. Bring lots of sunscreen as it is expensive to buy there and some bug spray for mosquitos, although not a big problem at all. Will definately be back next year!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Cukcoo
<Content>Everything Was Great Everything there was great...24 family members went for 7 days...only 2 got sick.....plenty to eat and drink...we spent everyday at the beach...room was clean and cold.....beach was great and so was everyone i met.....most people I talked to had been there many times and were staying for 2 weeks.....if someone complains about this place they proberly complain about everything.....the beer was always cold...,LOL....honestly I'd like to see my fellow Americans stay away from here....they would proberly ruin it  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>footoutthedoor
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana Hotel 7/27/07 - 8/03/07 I will try and be brief. We are an american family that stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana for 7 nights. We were definitely of the minority. Mostly was European. When we got there they automatically upgraded our room without us even asking. We got a room with an attached separate bedroom. Very happy about that. Hotel staff was great.You will run into some issues with translation if you do not understand spanish. Especially at the shows. Sometimes they translate, sometimes they dont. Shows were lame (expect the michael jackson). Disco was lame (music was awful). The daily activities were good, however, the hotel gave us a schedule that was outdated so for the 1st day or two we kept missing everything...LOL. OK, so we always like to try and stay in shape while we are on vacation and the gym was pretty lame. it is a 2nd story thatched roofed dwelling with no walls. You need to get their early or you will die from dehydration because you have sweated out all your body fluids. They do offer daily step classes with Ciso (she was great) so I tried to take advantage of that as much as possible. The weight equipment was incredibly outdated but i have to say that they had ALOT of free weights and olympic bars available.Food. Well, unlike other places we have been to, you have to pay attention to opening  closing times of restaurants and whether or not you need to make reservations. The places you had to make reservations for were great. Other food was good too at the buffet, they did a pretty good job of the variety as much as humanly possible.It was hot! VERY HOT  HUMID. Forget laying out! You are always trying to find shade. After a few days you will be exhausted from it. The pavement gets so hot that you will literally burn your feet if you dont have shoes on.We had kids ages 12  17 (boys). This resort is NOT geared to entertain them. They were definitely bored. We were going on excursions to keep them occupied.My husband  17 year old got sick. Immodium didnt help. Ended up purchasing amoxicillin from the drug store that they have their for $10 (hmmm, less than a co-pay). You dont need a prescription either, just walk in and buy it. So they are better now, but not 100%. Especially my husband. Dont use the water for anything. Dont let the water run in it while showering or use it when you brush your teeth or you will be terribly sorry.Oh, my husband had his flip-flops stolen at the pool too. So be careful with the stuff you leave around on the chairs.All in all it was a pretty good trip. The excursions saved us. They were terrific and i posted a review about them separately. Enjoy your trip and brush up on your espanol :)  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>jeffwUk
<Content>fantastic Fantastic - don't believe any of the bad reviews - anyone who complains about this place is unlucky or a whinging yank - go and enjoy  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>birdrdaj
<Content>Avoid at all costs! Horrible! i think i would rather have just stayed home and kept the money. This all inclusive thing is just you pay full price up front for food and they give you garbage once they have your money. Absolutely the worst food i have evr had in my life. The Beach is beatiful and landscape well kept(beatiful flamingos) but how can you have agood time if your not eatin well. after 1 week of food there i went home with the runs... absoletly shameful for this hotel to serve such garbage. water served at restaurant smelt and tasted funny, prolly source of sickness and bad tastin food, but they dont care they already have ur money. maids are thieves, front desk gives you run around. If u ask me avoid dominican altogether, thats how bad this place is. also went on horse riding expedition to what seemed like abused horses that were poorly kept and treated. This place was all smoke and mirrors, the only nice thing was the beach but not worth it.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>STHOBE
<Content>Better than expected!!!       Gloria was here!!!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>goody1Manchester
<Content>I don't understand people's complaints with this hotel?!? First of all, I'd like to start by saying that this is the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at and that anyone who doesn't enjoy their stay here must have very high expectations for a 4 star hotel!Before I review the different aspects of the hotel I would like to address the issue of stomach problems/ 'the runs' that seems to come up in nearly all the reviews of this hotel. Yes, me and my boyfriend had the runs, and yes it was unpleasant, but we only had stomach cramps periodically and it didn't stop us from doing things, like enjoying our holiday! At the end of the day you need to remember that this is a developing country and also that you are probably eating a lot of different/rich/tropical foods that you don't usually eat and that all these factors are bound to have an impact on your digestive system.My reviews:FOOD: If you like pizza, pasta, grilled steaks/ fish/chicken, kebabs, casseroles, burgers, fajitas, salad, cooked meats, soup, boiled/jacket/mashed potatoes, paella, rice and trying local specialities of the place your visiting then the buffet restaurants are lovely! I've read reviews that say they are repetitive, and yes they are slightly, but there are 3 buffet restaurants to eat at in the day time (the main buffet restaurant and the tropical restaurant and the steakhouse on the beach provide buffet lunch during the day) as well as specialities cooked daily on the beach such as tropical paella of BBQ chicken. And for evening meals you can go the the a la cartes at least 4 times in a 2 week stay and then there is the american dinner that is a la carte and you do not require a reservation. So basically, yes the buffets do tend to repeat themselves, but you never have to eat the same thing twice because there is so much choice; we didn't in 14 nights!The a la carte restaurants:Some people have apparently experienced problems getting the amount of reservations they are entitled to but we had no problems. We booked all 4 we were entitled to on our first full day and we spread them over our fortnight stay. We went to the steakhouse, the oriental twice and the tropical restaurant.The Steakhouse: We both had the ribeye and it was lovely, highly recommended!The Oriental: The starters are very nice; there is a buffet with chicken satay kebab, spring rolls, shrimp fritters etc with typical chinese dips. There was also sushi which I don't like but looked o.k if thats your thing. First time we went i had pork and ginger curry; this was the worse thing I ate all holiay and wouldn't recommend; it was like meatballs in milk. Second time i had the sweet and sour pork and shrimp which was very tasty.The Tropical restaurant: Again, buffet starters so had prawn cocktail and then had the seafood spaghetti, which again was very tasty; the fish and pasta were both cooked to perfection.Star Rock Cafe: This is the american dinner and has pool tables and air hockey. We ate here a few times; our favourite was the beef plate that was a lovely tender staek, our least favourite were the fajitas; very greasy and tastelessThere is also the gourmet and mexican restaurants but we didn't eat here so can't comment.POOL: The Dominicana and Punta Cana are essentially one hotel with mirror image pools right next to each other. Both are very nice: warm, clean with nice shaded areas too. There is lots of entertainment for both children and adults around the pool during the day; personally I wanted a chilled out holiday so didn't get involved but the people that did appeared to enjoy it. The negatives are people reserving loungers. One day a spanish man tried to take one of our loungers off us as he said it was his, when there was no towel on it when we took it and he wasn't even sat there when we took it and only showed up 30 mins. after we had moved it! The cheek! THE ROOM: 2 double comfy beds, a constantly stocked fridge,great air con. and a bathroom. As far as I'm concerned that is all that needs to be said about the room.THE BEACH: Absolute heaven. Right on the hotel, white sands, lovely warm water. Nicest beach I've seen; nicer than any I've visited in Europe.EVENING ENTERTAINMENT: On the Punta Cana side there was a live pianoist and othe live music every night which was nice to listen to while enjoying a cocktail. On the the Domican side there was a live show every night at 9:30. Most were different dance and music shows, some were ones that involved couples getting up on stage and also karioke. Basically some of these were funny/ enjoyable some were a bit repetitive. All shows were in spanish which was frustrating but this is a spanish speaking country and there are a lot of spanish people on holiday so hey, there you go.CASINO: Most miserable staff in the hotel. I'm not a big casino so this didn't bother me but it wouldn't hurt for them to crack a smile once in a while!DISCO: Good for a laugh. It is full of kids and mainly spanish music but when you have had a good few cocktails its good fun.Useful Tips:1. You can get all top shelf spirits such as smirnoff, jim beam etc, you just have to ask!2. Tip the maid and leave her notes in spanish such as 'mucho agua'; (as you can only get bottled water in your rooms)she catered for all our requests.3. Go on the jeep safari; its a great day out, you get to see the real domincan republic and how the dominicans really live.Overall this was the best beach holiday I've ever been on and compared to 2 weeks in spain/ greece I thought it was great value for money. VISIT THIS HOTEL YOU WILL LOVE IT!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mr.mojo
<Content>Lots of sick guests This was my 6th visit to the Caribbean and my first to Punta  the Iberostar Dominicana. (The Domincana/PuntaCana/Bravaro are essentially one resort with slightly different rooms.)First the good stuff- The grounds are gorgeous, the resort is beautiful, and the rooms are nice, but the people are the best part. The variety of international guests made for lots of interesting, friendly conversation. The entire staff was incredibly helpful and welcoming; I couldn't ask for better. Our favorite was Carlos, who kept his customers laughing and entertained.The not-so-good stuff- I agree with several reviewers who complained about the beds. One or 2 nights on them are OK, but they aren't comfortable. (And I can sleep on about anything!) By far, the biggest problem was getting sick. In our large, extended group, more than 50% of us were down for a day or more with stomach/bowel problems. Since we weren't all eating at the same places, or the same foods, or at the same times, none of us could pin down the problem, but it was pervasive. The problem was also striking across international lines, as we learned from our many conversations.So, should you go to Iberostar Dominicana/PuntaCana/Bravaro? Yes, but be cautious about what you eat  drink, and bring some Imodium  Tums. And say Hi to Carlos!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>riulover07
<Content>Dissapointed! Me and my partner stayed for 2 weeks at the Ibersostar Dominicana! I will go throught everything seperatly so its easy to understand and so you can see whats good and whats not!Arrival- It was really hot when we arrived at the hotel so all we wanted to do was get to our room and strip! We got off the coach and got our bags off. We then went to recepton and checked in whilst we left our bags with the bell boy. We then got our wrist bands off Juan (receptionist) Who then gave us a ticket to give to the bell boy with our room number on. We then sat down with everyone who we arrived with and had a small informative talk about the hotel and its facillities. We got a cocktail which was yum! Then Juan walked us throught the grounds to our rooms. We found our room and waited for our bags, which didnt arrive. My partner then went down to reception to look for them, becuase without your bags your cant really do much! He came back empty handed and we waited another 15 mins when the bellboy arrived. We tipped him and then sorted out our room.The room- The room was lovely and cool. AC was always working. You can control it yourself so you dont have to have it on if you dont wanna! Theres also a ceiling fan. We had a mini fridge which was fully stocked and then restocked whenever it ran out. There was water, cola, fanta, sprite and a few bottles of beer..no optics tho.The room was large and colourful. Beds wer comfy, bathroom was nice and clean. We started to notice these little ants allover the place after a while. At first i thought we'd brought them in on our shoes but we found them on the small sofa, and on the desk..they were everywhere! We didnt complain as we thought they've wer probably in all the rooms.The pool- The pool are was nice. The dominican side was always really busy! The pool is full of lilos and big fat men throwing there wieght about! Ew! The punta cana side..which you can use also, is alot quieter. We prefared this side. Near the pool is also the seafood restaurant,which serves dinner during the day! Clean and a nice variety of food on. Although there is a sign saying dont come in wet, people do and the floor can be really slippery! Beaware there where alot of arrogant and rude people at the hotel. Mainly spanish! No offence but they are miserable and rude and just stare! It states that round the pool you csnt reserve the loungers, but people do. This is normal. You can ask a memeber of staff to move towels that you know have been there without anyone one, but we felt bad doing this so didnt.The beach- Gorgeous..total paradise! You do get the odd loud group nect to you which can annoy you if your tryna relax.Food and restaurants- The main restuarant was ok..just ok! Me and my partner got sick on the second week...we dont know if it was beacuse of the food or what, but the sanitation in this country is poor, and i expect that the people are the same. Were still not 100% yet and we've been back home for 2 days and got it on our second week! It was like really bad stomach cramps and then the squirts! Sometimes you couldnt even go.All in all the food was ok...not much choice really. It was more or less the same. The desserts never changed! This annoyed us because theres only so many bananas you can eat in 2weeks!The facilities- I have a thing about pubic toilets! There mingin anyway...but it a 4 star hotel you dont expect them to be minging! The ones on the beach were awfull!! The floors were awfull! Wear shoes if u venture into these toilets! there was always a blocked toilet too! So you was queing! I went to go on once toliet ans it was covered in you know what! It was disgusting! I did see maids moping the floor and changing toilet roll, but not that often!The toliets in the steak house on the beach where a lot nicer and looked after. But they were father away from us. The loby toiltes where the same..there was always a blocked one, but were a bit cleaner. So everytime we felt sick we had to go all the way back to our room, because we both thought they tolites were disgusting.All in all this holiday was awfull and i feel really sad i spent the amount of money i did to go here. The dominican republic itself was lovely, very poor though. The airport was a joke. Unfriendly staff and a mingin place! If i were to go back to the dominican republic i would stay in a riu hotel! They are far superior and the foods fantastic! But...i wouldnt go back! Hope this helps! And sorry about my rant! haha!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>melbabie24Louisville
<Content>Great Time! A group of 14 of us flew out of Cincinatti on USA3000 which we booked with AppleVacations. We stayed Saturday to Saturday. The checkin was very easy and loved the direct flight to DR. The bus ride was about 35 minutes to resort and checkin was easy there as well.Upon arriving they meet you with a drink and then they take bags and meet you in the room. I would have like to ask for an upgrade but because we arrived after 4 they already had a room assigned for all of us.ROOMSOur room was 4149 which was your standard room. However, it did have a pool view and if you looked over the trees you could see the ocean. The only time we were in the room was to sleep and shower so it was fine. Beds are about the size of a full in the states. They had already brought in an extra bed to push up to the couch for the kids without even asking. If you request for an additional bed you could do a king which I wish we had. Beds were ok my back hurt a bit when I woke. I have a back problem so just took some tylenolThe maid was great and always left extra beverages upon our request. The rooms were always clean and well stocked. We left a two dollar tip daily and a little goody bag and she was very happy.FOODThe food was the only thing I was just ok with. We did make reservations upon arrival for La Cana-steak, La Sibila, and the Oriental. The steak was pretty good however FYI this is an outdoor restaurant next to beach, if you want air conditioning I would not go. The night we went there was no breeze off the ocean so it did get pretty hot. This was the only gourmet restaurant which we received mediocre service. La Sibila-Awesome. It was a nice quiet retaurant and excellent service. We had bread, appetizer, asparagus soup, and lobster. I had never eaten lobster and it was delicious. The only thing I was a bit disappointed on was the dessert. It was some sort of chocolate mousse but not quite the right consistency. The presentation of the food was great.Oriental-Very good. This was alot of our groups favorite. The appetizers were spring rolls, chicken terriyaki on stick, shrimp, and sushis. I did not eat sushi but heard they were great. I got chicken and shrimp teriyaki for dinner with rice and very good. Some had fish and loved it. Service again was excellent.The breakfast bufftets were our favorites. They had pancakes, french toast, croissants, pastry, omelettes, eggs, bacon, sausage, and alot of other stuff more european. Our server was on the American Buffet side Juan Jose. He was great and went to him every morning. He was great with our kids and always moved a bunch of tables together to accommodate our 14. We tipped him 2 bucks every morning per family so he was happy to do this for us.The buffets were ok besides this. There was always something to eat but just ok. They got a bit repetitive so kind of got sick of food. La Marimba and La Cana areas have lunch buffets. We ate more at La Cana (Punta Cana side). The kids liked the soft serve ice cream machine there. I ate alot of nachos and took chicken to make taco. The rice here is excellent.Tuesday night the star friends invited us to a special dinner for English speaking guests at the Marimba. They had food catered more toward american that night and was really nice. We had steaks, pastas, shrimp scampi, and delicious grouper. They had a band which was very good. That was another great night to go to a buffet.The pools were big and always full of life especially at Dominican side. There are always activities. We just lounged at the beach for the most part. Kids swam in pool a bit. It felt like warm bath water to me. Ocean is beatiful and so are the beaches. It is hard to get a palapa if you go down too late as we found out by 9 there is nowhere. We did end up going and setting some stuff down early since everyone else was. The staff overall is awesome. They are always so gracious and kind even though I am sure tired. One guy told us they work for 15 days then get 3 days off. They are always singing or smiling. Some of the jobs are so unappreciated, we watched some guys picking up cup after cup and alot of garbage off the beach by the chairs. I know this was their job to clean but it is amazing how many people just threw garbage down on ground when there was a can just an arms length away. I was kind of disappointed there werent more Americans here. It was more geared for Europeans I thought. Some were nice dont get me wrong. For the most part my experience was not so positive with them. They had no manners and god forbid they say excuse me instead of just bumping or cutting you off. They are not the friendliest and we noticed not too many of them ever had much of a kind or smiling face. It is vacation people. SMILE!Unfortunately about 4 people in our group did end up sick. They had to take pepto and eventually felt better after a couple of days. I had a prescription from my doctor and I didnt get sick. My kids took pepto everyday for safety never got sick. Drink lots of water.I took a portable cooler with me and that is one thing I am absolutely glad I packed. I filled it full of bottled waters everyday and put ice in it. We drank alot of water and that will definitely help in sick factor. By the bar they also have La Yola, ice cream, we loved the iced cappucinos there, make sure to try them. Our last night there we went to Punta Cana lobby and they had a pianist there and also live entertainment in courtyard. This was very nice. The drinks were awesome here, very strong compared to the other lobby. Dont forget to try the mamajuanas.I would definitely go back to Punta Cana but would try different hotel. The Apple Rep said they do cater more for Europeans but Ocean Blue and Sunscape do more for Americans. I would like to see the difference in the two next time.Our vacation overall was great! Beach Awesome, Service Awesome, Staff Friendliness Awesome!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>noslen
<Content>Tips at the Iberostar Dominicana - Free of Charge Preface: A last minute booking for a 5-day 4-night stay (one week prior to our scheduled flight) was made for what would be the first trip that my girlfiend and I took together. An understatement to say expectations were high in my mind. Reviews in general will have a positive or negative connotation. Given we are human, therefore incapable of impartiality, it would be more constructive to provide helpful hints to make fellow resort researchers more savvy vacationers if this their resort of choice. Upon arrival, locals dressed in white will ask if you booked with a certain travel agency and offer to help with your luggage. These individuals are not actual agency employees, which are actually stationed a few steps past baggage claim. Avoid unncessary tipping by ignoring those who ask you if you are with a particular travel agency.1. Amenities in both Iberostar Dominicana and Iberstar Punta Cana are shared, and therefore can be accessed freely.2. For vacationers from the US, have single dollar bills handy for tipping bag carriers, drivers, bartenders, etc. 3. Make sure safe keys and towel cards are included in check-in packet to avoid extra trips to the check-in counter.4. Book reservations at a la carte restaurants as soon as you arrive and during early AM. A 4-night stay at the Iberostar only guarantees one reservation at a restaurant of your choice. The Star Cafe is listed at an a la carte, but free seating is available from 7 to 9pm every night. Note that La Cana Steak House is an outdoor restaurant, mood can be affected by weather conditions.4a. Dress code requirements for men at a la carte restaurants are long trousers (jeans allowed). 5. Dinner selections at the buffet restaurant for Dominicana/Punta Cana are identical with the exception of one or two items prepared at the grill. Arrive early at buffet style restaurants to ensure the freshest selections. Depending on temperature conditions, food spoilage is potential risk (namely cold cuts, cheeses, raw fish). Tipping is not required for breakfast, lunch, and dinner at buffet restaurants.5a. Fixed dinner food selection at buffet restaurant includes raw and cooked seafood, grilled meats, cold cuts, assorted cheeses, fajitas, assorted fruits, salad, soup, and desserts.6. Avoid potential negative reactions to local food/water conditions by drinking bottled water (not provided at restaurants) and soda. Bottled water is recommended for teeth brushing as well. One gallon and small bottles are provided in hotel room.7. Remember to bring towel cards with you going to pools and beach.8. Mini-fridge items are complementary (part of all-inclusive package deal).9. Bargain with souvenir shop owners to ensure lowest price (in currency of choice namely euros, pesos, USD). Transacted prices can fall below 50% of actual suggested price. Shops are not limited to ones located within resort. Explore local souvenir shops located at the eastern end of beach when facing beach(past Iberostar hotels).10. Prices for excursions, including sightings and watersports (half-day to all-day events) range between USD 50 - 100. All in-resort activities are complimentary.11. Tennis court reservations are made at equipment counter (24 hours in advance).12. Laundry prices are listed per item and can be expensive.13. Children are at risk to nude sightings at the beach.14. Bug sprays are recommended.Conclusion: Hopefully these tips are helpful in making your selection an even more enjoyable experience. All of these suggestions come from experience, especially points 5, 6, and 14.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mcp28
<Content>Great hotel! Great experience! We booked through Apple vacations and they are always very smooth as usual. Our flight left Cleveland at 6:15 am and we got to Punta Cana around 10am. We arrived at the Iberostar around 11am and luckily our room was already ready which was nice because the apple rep on the bus said that it would not be ready until 3pm. I also had emailed the hotel a week prior asking for our 2 rooms close together and king beds. They granted both of my requests which was nice. We were in rooms 4017  4021. They were centrally located on the ground floor and overlooked Caribbean Street which was nicer on that side because you could sit on the porch and people watch. I liked that they were in the middle because it was less than a 5 min walk to the pool and lobby. When we were at the pool I would just walk back to the room to use the bathroom instead of the one outside. Room:Very basic but nice  clean room. King size bed with not the best matress or pillows but I am not one to complain. I would just fold my pillow in half to make it thicker. The bathroom was nice and the maid did a great job at keeping everything nice and clean. She restocked our fridge everyday without having to ask but we also left her $2 a day when she cleaned our room so that may have helped. No problems at all. You do have to fill out a form at the front desk for the safe but it was no charge.Pool:Very nice pool and since there are is one on the Punta Cana and Dominicana side it did not get to overcrowded. If you want a papala (hut) next to the pool you should get out there early and reserve one. We somehow got lucky most days finding one but our last day I went out early to reserve one with some chairs and that is probably what I should have done everyday. The only thing I kind of missed was the swim up bar but then again it made me drink water all day instead.Beach:Gorgeous as usual. You can always find chairs on the beach with no problem. We took walks both ways and went to the shopping huts on the beach. Food:Beach  pool lunch buffet is good but pretty repetitive with the food everyday but then again if you like a lot of different food you can try something different everyday. They also would fire up the grill and cook different things on the beach for lunch. We did not eat at the lobby buffet for lunch so I am not sure what they had different. Restaurants:Make sure to make your dinner reservations the minute you get to the hotel or as soon as the lady is available at the desk. We made ours before dinner on our first day and only could get the last 3 nights in a row on our vacation. We wanted to break it up a little but oh well. We ate at...Oriental - Very good. Mexican - Ok, not everyone in my group was very impressedGourment (la sibilia) - Best dinner we had. Everyone got the Caribbean lobster and was highly impressed. All courses were sit down as well. Both the Oriental and Mexican the appetizers were buffet. Rock Star Cafe - This is a sit down restaurant but you do not need reservations. Half our group liked it the other half didn't. Nice selection of food though. Lobby Buffet - Usual buffet. We had breakfast there every morning and dinner 3 nights. Service was very good though with them getting you drinks as soon as you sat down. No complaints! I took the immodium and pepto and luckily didn't really need it until the 5th day. That is good for me which means the food was good quality at the resort. Night:We went to the lobby bar every night and the casino for a few. Some of the shows are cheesy and some are cute. They had karaoke the one night which was cool to see all these people sing in different languages. We went to the casino for a few and played roulette and black jack. It was nice and cool with the AC on the hot nights. Excursion:We did the James Bond Speedboat trip. It was so much fun. You drive about 30 min to a beach and drive spedboats to go snorkeling. It was a great time. Things I brought this trip that I am glad I did...Scented candle for room (helps with musty smell)20 oz insulated coffee cup to refill with water all day at the beach buffet to keep hydratedLittle alarm clock (most rooms do not have them)Coming home...The airport is not scary like other people write. I don't even think they went through my luggage because everything was in place when I opened it. Walking through security was fine to. No bag searching or anything. It actually beeped when my husband walked through and they didn't do anything. If you go to Wendy's it is very overpriced. I ordered the $5 kids meal which was the best bargain. My husband's cost $10 and our hamburgers were the same. Overall this hotel was very nice and was not overcrowded which I have noticed in some of the bigger chains. The service was impecable and I really don't have any major complaints except for a few minor ones ones that are in my review. If you book here you will be very happy! Please feel free contact me if you need anything.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Veno777
<Content>Great hotel       Keep fit in the pool  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TeachmeFlorida
<Content>Conflicted... Okay-first of all I need start by saying please do NOT book your ticket through Apple Vacation! We got to the airport to check in, only to find out that Apples booked our flights for the wrong day. Our packet that Apple sent us was correct, but the airlines showed us that they booked it wrong in their system. To say the least I was very much freaked out! My now husband and I, were on our way to get married at Iberostar and we had ten more guest flying in, that had the same problem. However, once we arrived we immediately got transportation to our resort, which was only about 20 min. Which was wonderful! When we arrived, we were greeted with nothing short of warm smiles and helpful service. We asked for a room upgrade, and got one for free. The customer service at this resort is amazing! When we got to our room, it was very nice, but the floors were gritty like sand, as if they dont sweep. Our room was very hot, and we couldn't figure out how to get the a.c. to work properly. This was an on going issue throughout the entire trip. We had to call the front desk at least four times during our stay to have it looked at. My guest had the same problems as well, but some of them didn't even have running A.C. There were these little bugs all over the room, they almost looked like tiny baby spiders. I am still not sure what they were, but it was disgusting! When the room cleaners would come, they didn't keep up on the floors at all. You always felt like you wanted to wash your feet.Outside of the room, the resort was BEAUTIFUL! The grounds were kept up daily, and the beauty of the landscaping is a sight to see all on its own. There are flamingo's, peacocks, and chickens running around freely on the property. The ocean is crystal blue, and the sand is like powder! AMAZING!The food is different if your from the U.S. The buffets are opened at different times, so you have to be sure you know when each one closes so your not walking the enormous grounds to see which one is open. The restaurants...well I wouldn't know! This was a HUGE disappointment for my husband, guests, and self! They tell you you have to make reservations to eat at them, which is fine. But, what they don't tell you is you have to book the reservations a week prior to your stay...for they are booked up already. So, basically we ate at the buffets the WHOLE time. The excursions were wonderful...I would strongly recommend going on the safari excursion. It is all day, but worth it if you want to see what the DR is really about. The views are breathtaking, and you learn so much! So, in conclusion...it was hard to rate this experience overall...for the people and the resort grounds were beautiful...the rooms and travel agency was horrible, and the food was okay.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	5	2	3	

<Author>marcsteph
<Content>return visit 2007 Last year we visited the iberostar dominicana on advice from freinds whove stayed in a number of hotels all over the dom rep over the years. the iberostar was recomended as being our first visit to the dom rep i had concerns after the horror stories you hear ref hygene etc.............advice last year was pay a tad more to stay at an iberostar and youll not go wrong as buffet doesnt repeat itself and all round theyre one of the best. Well last year was without doubt the best holiday ive ever had and worth every penny..........hotel was clean.........staff excelled acroos the board.........entertainment was exceptional........buffett always different and offered superb variety of QUALITY food........restraunts superb.....accomidation superb.............hotels stretch beach was in my opinion after many long walks the best for a good few miles. Upon our 2007 return it was just as we remembered and again i cannot fault the accomidation............the staff.........the facilites etc however we did find on this occassion that the buffett did repeat itself which whilst a tad dissapointing it didnt make much difference as i still ate different dishes each night but being really fussy id say there wasnt the superb prawn dishes on offer as per our previous visit although as stated im really splitting hairs here. Booked our restraunt visits and as per last year was confused as to why theyre always empty but suspect this may be down to allowing for early sittings to over-run. My one issue was with other guests and theyre hygene in so much as there are tongs for picking up food yet its common to see guests using hands to cut bread from loafs without using the cloths provided and hands to grab sliced bread and rolls etc sometimes even putting rolls back etc. Along with seeing guests leaving toilets without washing hands its no wonder you hear of bug outbreaks of which i was originally concerned. If my six year old son can understand why cant some adults ?Another gripe is also guest related and im afraid aimed towards the american guests whom on both holidays ive found inconsiderate to other guests by smoking , drinking and even eating burgers whilst in the swimming pool............again there are signs in all languages stating pool rules and most adhear to these. Other than that all guests are civil , freindly and from a wide host of nations which again makes the stay a pleasurable one.....................especially when playing beach football or taking part in other activities. My six year old son again this year loved the kids club full of swiss , german , french children and again this year we battled to get him out of it to enjoy some time with us! the girls who do the kids club enjoy what they do and dont just  go through the motions of doing a job We plan to return in 2008 this time taking freinds and theyre two young girls as its a hotel and holiday i think youll be hard to beat.My one concern is that the people and staff are so happy and freindly and go out of their way to make it a holiday to remember and i hope that the actions and behaviour of some guests wont increase and ruin it as the brits have done in much of the med.book it up and enjoy is my advice and the odd dollar tip to the waitress' is appreciated.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BostonPhil12
<Content>It is just Okay Iberostar Dominicana May 5th, through May 13th 2007Let me start by saying this is our fourth Iberostar vacation and our first trip to DR. The other three trips were to MexicoWhere do I begin, the flight out of Boston was great. When we arrived in DR we were welcomed by young ladies in very native costumes to have our picture taken. The sounds of a local three piece band could be heard in the background. The airport had thatched roofs. What a great start to our week. We flew through customs and boarded our bus and headed to the resort. The Apple rep was very informative and the ride was approximately 35 minutes. Upon arriving at the resort we were greeted by very friendly staff and they were very accommodating to all of our requests. We were shuttled off to our room and the porter delivered our luggage. This fella was very friendly and spent his time talking of baseball and Big Papi, David Ortiz. As we entered the room we realized right away that the quality of rooms were not of the quality that we have grown accustom to with Iberostar. Much of the furniture was scratched and old and beat. The bed was sagging in the middle. The fan above the bed made a very loud noise as if the bearings were being ground up. The toilet was continuously running. After repeated calls to maintenance staff the toilet was finally fixed but they could not fix the fan/light fixture. We were willing to overlook all of this for the simple fact our view was so beautiful; our room overlooked the beach and the water.  The following morning we went to the Apple welcome meeting and they were very helpful in provided us with helpful hints for the week. When it came to book our reserve seating for dinner the Iberostar staff exceeded our expectation. We were guaranteed 3 nights and they gave us 5 nights and offered us a 6th if we would like. Each of the restaurants were very good with the International topping the list! We did one off resort excursion. It was an all day snorkeling trip with Dressel Divers (not sure of the spelling). We could not have asked for anything better!! The guide would point out tropical fish stingrays, eels and blow fish along with many items that I would not have seen without the trained eye of the guide. The captain of the boat spoke five languages and he was a tremendous host! We snorkeled for approximately for 3.5 hours, they offered a BBQ on a secluded beach and after that we went to a sandbar at the end of the day and picked up large starfish and drank rum and cokes. Well worth the money $75.00 USD per person. The rest of the time we spent on the beach or participated in the different resort activities which were great!!  The housekeeping staff was good, she provided extra towels each day and she always kept plenty of soda and water in the refrigerator and a few on the counter as well. On the down side of this resort. We found the drinks were watered down and most of the time you would only get one ice cube in your drink. There was no aquatic bar and when you did get a beer from the outside bar it was in a 7oz plastic cup.The entertainment left a lot to be desired. The last three nights there was a CD playing in the Punta Cana bar area and it was turned off at 11:00 PM sharp. The band never showed up. There was just one day when there was a live band playing at lunch down by the beach.  In most cases if you did not say hello to the staff first they did not speak to you. This is just the opposite from Mexico. But the thing that bothered me the most was the 鈥渓and sharks鈥?as our Apple rep referred to them. These are vendors with store fronts right on the resort and each time you walk by them you are hassled to purchase something. This is NOT what I want to go through every time I walk down the main walkway of a so-called 4 star resort. The resort itself is tired and they are beginning to start the refurbishing project. There were many gutted rooms and there was a lot of construction debris on the sides of the paths. Not what you would expect for a 4 star resort. All of the sidewalks are painted and when they get wet from the lawn sprinklers they become very slippery. This was the topic of many of conversations. In closing, we were disappointed in the resort. We had very high expectations due to the simple fact that our three other experiences with Iberostar have been second to none. We will go back to the Dominican but not to the Iberostar chain. I think it is time for a change. I would recommend Apple travel. They did a great job, the fights were great and the reps were very helpfulPhil from Boston  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>albopballer
<Content>EXCELLENT STAY!! Can't wait to go back, PUNTA CANA ALL THE WAY!!       Under the Palpala!!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Annie59Houston
<Content>Won't go back We spent a week in April at the beautiful resort of Iberostar in Punta Cana. First the good news..the beaches were great and the service was super. The locals were very friendly and spoke English if they knew it. The grounds were gorgeous and were very well kept. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best..typical for an all inclusive or cruise. We went on a snorkeling excursion and swam with stingrays and nurse sharks. That was fantastic. The rooms were nice, but you spend so little time in them that as long as we had running water and clean sheets on the bed, we were happy. All in all, no complaints on room service..leaving $2 per day probably did help. Now for the not so good news...Since many Europeans vacation there, it is very difficult to 'strike up' a conversation with anyone new. They either chose not to speak English or didn't know it so we kept to ourselves most of the time. We attempted to say goodmorning or hello and were often ignored. 3 out of 4 of us got sick for a couple of days and luckily we read about taking pepto, and antacids which helped allot.We didn't care too much for the night life, but we are early risers and enjoyed the sun so much that we were pretty tired by the time the shows took place. We sat one night for bingo which was hysterical because they had to call the numbers in 4 different languages. We got so confused we finally gave upWe ate at 4 different restaurants in the evenings. The best was the Mexican, but the airconditioning was broken so we ate and left quickly. The buffet was probably just as good...Fruity drinks weren't the best, but they did have a few call liquors so we stuck with drinking that. Their local beer is pretty good too. The bartenders were fine, but they could have been much more friendlier and fun. That can make or break having a good time with the customers.. We've only been to one other all-inclusive in Jamaica and hands down Jamaica is far better.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MitziOC
<Content>Wonderful and relaxing trip!       Beautiful beach!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	1	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Pattyworld
<Content>Nice stay Overall the hotel met our expectations as to what we've become accustomed to in Apple Vacations rating system (which was a 5 golden apple out of 6). To avoid repeating much of the information in the other reviews, I'd just like to offer some tips/hints from what I experienced at the Dominicana:- We requested a bungalow room by email a couple of days prior to leaving which was granted. It was very roomy. It had washcloths for those of you who need them. I believe the main differences between these and the block rooms were probably the sitting area, extra mirror and dresser space. Cons: our toliet wasn't working when we got there (however they sent someone to fix it before we even had a chance to call), the air conditioning/power went off frequently, and it was further from the lobby and pool than we would have liked. Wearing sandals everyday is rough! -Caribbean street is a walk way located between the block rooms and suites which has shops, a spa and hair braiding. The people working in some of those shops will hound you to see their merchandise. Just a warning. I personally get a bit stressed out by the persistant invitations and would take other routes.-Individual restaurants had better food than the buffets in our experience. Make your reservations for these restaurants as soon as you get to the hotel as prime times fill up quickly. Sometimes you have to wait quite a while to make the reservations as they only have one person doing this. We were able to eat four times in the specialty restaurants instead of three just by asking. We ate twice at the mexican (flattened steak was great, great appetizers), once at the oriental (wonderful salmon and appetizers) and once at the gourmet (lobster- good, but this dinner oddly enough was our least favorite). I heard the steak house was very good too. There is definitely no shortage of food. Especially enjoyed the great variety of tropical fruit at all meals in the buffet. The freshly made fruit juices (banana!) for breakfast are to die for.-There was a beach party on late Thursday night which was fun. Save your energy. We did not know this was happening until Thursday and it would have been nice to know this ahead of time. You may want to ask if/when they will have one in case the day of the week changes. -Go to the disco and dance. We are 35ish and we had fun. Each night they have salsa/merengue/etc dance contests. It's like watching Dancing with the Stars but with no stars.-Bought some larimar and amber with the help of Manny (our Apple rep). He arranged for a van from an outside store to pick us up and return us to the resort. All jewelry (and other items) were marked in american dollars and reasonable.-About Punta Cana in general, was not very impressed with the excursions but that may be because my expectations were high. We went on the Marinarium tour, the Outback Safari and the Altos de Chevron tour. We also went to Mangu, the public disco (Sankie city, do a search on the forums). If anyone has any questions about these or anything else, I can try to help.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>mkwife
<Content>Best Hotel Ever The best hotel we have ever stayed in!!The food was magnificent, the rooms were to die for, the pool was beautiful, and right on top of the beach.....Heavenly holiday - would highly recommend to all  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cpl4travel
<Content>Amazing Resort!       The grounds of resort  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LloydyG
<Content>Great stay!       Junior Suite  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Islandtraveler
<Content>Great People This was our second time in Punta Cana and we went specifically for the great beach. We were not disappointed. It is the only place that we have visited, that you can walk as far as yu want without hitting a barrier.HotelThe hotel was very clean and the rooms were great. The people everywhere were great. Our last trip to Punta Cana was about three years ago and one comment we had at that hotel was the staff either were new to their jobs or not happy with them. Someone in an earlier post mentioned about buying a converter for the electrical. The rooms are wired for 110 and there is a flat prong outlet on the inside of the recessed round outlets. I brought an extension cord and ran a US appliance daily with no problems. I am not sure if the other persons room was different, but we had no problems in using the electrical outlets with our US appliances. Outlets are few and far between, if you want something by hte bed, bring an extension cord.FoodThe food was good, however, out of the 8 different all inclusive resorts we have been at, this buffet was probably one of the least impressive. The food was good and there were a number of choices, but there really wasn't much variety. A number of other resorts that we have been at have theme nights, which would have given a little more variety to the buffet each night. Also, another thing I have seen is for the restaurant to post what the entrees will be that day for the buffet. It just gives you an opportunty to plan where you want to eat. This would help at lunch, since you can not go in the buffet with a swimming suit on even dry. I wasn't going to change out of my suit in the middle of the day just to see what was on the buffet.The bar by the beach at night was a nice quiet place to unwind from the day after dinner. Randy was a great bartender. Our safe did not work after check-in, so the manager sent out a repair guy immediately. The safe worked, but I found out there was a trick to make it work, then there was no problem.Also, the circuit breaker popped one night when my wife was using the hair dryer in the room. The repairman was there very shortly to reset.  GroundsThe grounds are beautiful and very well maintained. I don't remember seeing any trash ever on the grounds and the beach was always the cleanest.One suggestion for everyone, use your safe. We were walking on the beach by the Ocean Blue resort and found a plastic bag with $475, 5 credit cards, drivers license and room key. We made sure the owner got everything back, but it was not easy. Use the safe. I would go back to this hotel, except we always explore something new.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marthaRichmond
<Content>A Great Time I read lots of reviews before my daughter and I took this trip. First of all, let me say that we had a fabulous time. The beach is absolutely breathtaking! The grounds are beautifully and meticulously maintained. The room itself was adequate and clean, though not luxurious. We had a garden view suite with a sitting room and a sleeping area. My daughter found the beds to be really hard, but mine was perfect for me since I like a firm mattress. The staff at the resort were very friendly, always willing to tend to any problems we had (key to safe didn't work, toilet didn't flush at first). Their maintenance people took care of the problems within minutes. The food was OK, but I wasn't expecting gourmet food at an all-inclusive. We had no stomach problems whatsoever! Of course we did not drink the water and used bottled water for brushing our teeth. And we saw no bugs, either inside or outside, except for a few tiny little ants in the room. We took two fabulous excursions: the first was to the Marinarium to snorkel among the nurse sharks and rays. We saw beautiful fish also on this trip and the entire excursion was a blast! The second excursion we went on was a full day to Saona Island. It involved a 90 minute bus ride (which was full of interesting information about the D.R. and showed us areas we would never have seen otherwise, a fun ride on a speed boat, several hours with a great lunch on Saona Island, and a trip back on a catamarand (spelling?) We also went kayaking, banana boating, and on lots of walks on the beautiful beach, and we had a wonderful outdoors massage. We had no problems with rudeness from anyone in the Dominican Republic and found the people to be very warm and friendly. It was also fun to hear all of the languages spoken by the many different people visiting the resort. And we met lots of interesting folks from different states in the U.S. as well. The only recommendations I have for the Iberostar Dominicana are:1. Come up with a new system to keep people from reserving, but not using, chairs on the beach and pool--sometimes all day long.2. Keep the pool and jacuzzis open until midnight instead of closing at 7:00 PM for chemical treatments.3. Allow for more seatings at the ala carte restaurants. It was difficult to get reservations; yet the restaurants were never full.4. Allow visitors to use snorkeling equipment longer than 1 hour/day.If you are looking for a wonderful time on a beautiful beach with the sand, sea and sun, and in a clean, well-maintained environment, this is a great choice. If you are looking for luxurious accommodations and gourmet food, this is probably not the place for you.We had a great mother-daughter spring vacation and have no major compaints at all!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>TJ-KATE
<Content>Wonderful and Relaxing!!! My husband and I just returned from a beautiful week at the Iberostar Dominicana! We have stayed at other resorts but the overall experience and the sheer beauty of the place cannot be outdone. The food was delicious, the room was very comfortable and the service was friendly and fantastic. The rest of this will not be your typical review however, as we went to the DR for a purpose.For us, the main reason we went to the DR and chose Iberostar was to RELAX with class. We are from the Washington, DC area, and in our late 40鈥檚. We both work hard and needed a break from jobs, kids, traffic, bills, etc. We found it here. From the moment we arrived, we felt relaxed.We spent a lot of our time on the beach. I know some people like the pool, but we went for the beach. The beach is without a doubt the best in the Caribbean. The sand is so soft, and the water a beautiful blue-green. We found a palapa near the beach bar at the IB Bavaro (next door) and enjoyed the beach scene. We enjoyed frozen cocktails and specialty drinks, listened to the waves or the music from the bar, and had fun with the bartenders and the other guests. Speaking of the guests, the Americans were in the minority and we loved it! There were no loud, drunken men, and nobody from 鈥淣ew York鈥?complaining constantly about EVERYTHING.By Day 2, I decided to really cut loose and relax. While my husband went to the bar to get us drinks, I did what many women did and dropped my bikini top! Upon returning to our palapa, my husband was surprised at my spontaneity, but loved it. And I have to say to all the 鈥淎merican鈥?women who haven鈥檛 gone topless; just do it!!! It felt great and talk about relaxing, WOW!For much of the remainder of our vacation, I stayed topless while sunning, swimming in the sea, or walking the beach. This was my way of saying, I am in another country on my vacation, and I intend on staying loose and relaxed. I did not feel out of place and thoroughly enjoyed it. We returned to DC relaxed and ready to resume our duties. My husband and I cannot wait until we go again in the Fall.The Iberostar Dominicana was exactly what we needed.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>the_others
<Content>Great Beaches We just got back from Punta Cana Iberostar Dominicana. The hotel is situated in the middle of 3 Iberostar hotels. Bavaro looks very posh and the rooms are like small little houses. Punta Cana is a lot smaller. Dominicana isn't as posh but I think it is more easy going and the animations during the day and night is fantastic. The biggest downfall for me was the food. I expected tropical caribbean food. Instead what you got was all American based. Hot Dogs, Burgers, french fries. The salad buffets weren't that good and the water was also metal tasting. The drinks at the bar are also weak. They use a Brand called Normandy which is a copy of all the normal drinks everyone knows of. And it was 14% alcohol. I understand that as its all inclusive and everyone would get drunk. The funniest was too see the people Acting drunk. For my taste there were too many American People. And at dinner time we heard them complaining that there were too many europeans and sectioned off a part of the Dinner buffet the american side is what they called it. All inclusive is ok, but you just see people eating like pigs and stuffing thier faces with as much junk food as you can get. They will also walk around with huge Kegs they brought from home and would ask the bar keeper to fill it up with beer. Apart from all that the beaches are to dream about. Absolutely gorgeous!!!Animation was great!!Beaches gorgeous!!!Next time I go I will bring with me a plug in air freshner for the room, my own cushion, and not so much luggage!!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>tspeck63
<Content>Great Time My girlfriend and I just returned from the Iberostar Dominicana. Although she has been Punta Cana many times, it was my first trip there and I wasn鈥檛 sure what to expect. HOTEL 鈥?First and foremost I would say CLEAN, the rooms were very clean and the public areas were also kept clean. There seem to always be someone mopping the marble floors and there was never any trash sitting around. The rooms are very spacious with a semi-private balcony. The courtyards were well maintained with lots of different varieties of plants trees and fountains. The center courtyard was awesome with nice stoned walkways that were well lite at night. The walkways are lined with shrubbery that looks like they trim everyday. Now if you are expecting the Ritz Carlton, this isn鈥檛 your place. However you can鈥檛 get much better for the money and lets face it, how much time are you expecting to be spending in the room? POOL 鈥?Again, it was very well maintained and clean. They have ample chairs with cushions and plenty of huts for those who what to stay out of the sun. The only down side to the pool is that they don鈥檛 have a swim up to bar. Although there are a few bars located very close to the pool area. BEACH 鈥?WOW is all that I can say. Again very clean, there were people walking around all the time picking up any trash or glass that were sitting around. Again there was an ample amount of chairs and huts. Although it was a little windy when we were there I would guess and say that the water was about 82 degrees if not warmer. This beach is a top optional beach. I鈥檇 say that not more than 5% of the women were topless and when they were, it was tastefully done and there wasn鈥檛 a lot of gawking.FOOD 鈥?The buffets offer a wide variety of different foods, I鈥檓 a picky eater and we had our concerns that I might not find enough food that I like. It turned out not to be a problem. The food wasn鈥檛 the best tasting food I鈥檝e ever eaten but it was good enough.EMPLOYEES 鈥?This was the area that surprised me the most. Every worker we meet always greeted us with a smile and a 鈥淗ola鈥? They were very pleasant and very helpful. SOME HELPFUL TIPSThe Iberostar Dominicana and the Iberostar Punta Cana are located across the courtyard from each other. They are the exact mirror image of one another with even the pools being identical. If the one of them is booked the week that you want to go, check the other place, they are both the same. Don鈥檛 forget to bring your insulated mugsGet your chairs at the pool early before you go to breakfast. The pool area fills up fast. Chairs at the beach seemed not to be a problem when we were there. At the end of the day when you turn in your towels, exchange them for towels for the next day instead of towel cards. This will allow you to save the chairs in the morning before breakfast, because the towel place won鈥檛 be open that early. American items WILL NOT plug into their electrical outlets. Go to Wal*Mart and buy a universal adapter for about $14. The air-conditioning WILL shut off when you open the sliding doors to the balcony. Neither one of us got sick while we were there. Don鈥檛 over stuff yourself when you eat, eat smaller meals because there are places to eat open all the time and you can get a snack whenever you want it. The Dominica Republic is a very low-income area and the workers at these resorts make very little. They live off your tips, a couple of dollars here and there will get you even better service and it means a lot to them. There is no need to take Spanish classes prior to your trip. If you learn a few basic words and greetings you鈥檒l be fine. Most of the service people speak very good English. If you want to use the safe in your room, just stop by the front desk and ask for a key. They are free. There are hair driers in the room but there isn鈥檛 an iron.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>rrw
<Content>3 star rating The beach in Punta Cana is one of the most beautiful I've seen, and that is the most positive thing I can say about this Iberostar. Thefood was adequate, if boring, though La Sibila was gourmet as promised, and the Steak House was very good. Forget the Mexican! The grounds were pretty but could have been kept cleaner, i.e. lots of cigarette butts everywhere. There are so many noisy, smelly vehicles that constantly parade the grounds, which really detracted from the ambiance. Housekeeping was pretty good, although we did have to call about dirty linens left outside our room for 2 days! The grounds and lobby on the Punta Cana side are prettier, it is quieter, and there is a nice piano bar and entertainment area. The Reception area was better, as well. The Dominicana side seemed much noisier, a younger crowd more interested in drinking and the casino. This hotel should be rated with no more than 3 stars, and we don't plan to ever go back. However, if you want to stay in an Iberostar in the Dominican Republic, we highly recommend La Romana. It was a completely different (better) experience!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yahou!
<Content>Great Fun at Iberostar!       gotta love the beach!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mikeandtina
<Content>Heaven on earth       Buffet at the beach  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LOVETOTRAVEL089
<Content>Had a fun time!! Hola my husband and i spent the wk mar 9th to the 16th at this hotel.We were treated great from the time we walked in the lobby,we had to wait for a room but it was well worth it! We got an upgrade because it was my husbands b-day while we were there and they knew this ..We had a fun- vacation laughing alot at the entertainment group ,they are an asset to the hotel,Black Banana and Leo kept the pool area and beach hopping and they were all good!! We thought the food was good and the weather couldn't have been better. The evening shows(adult) were fun too...The pool and beach are wonderful,clean and only complaint was the saving of the shade huts,we had to do it too because the sun is intense..Don't know what the complaints from other reviews were all about they must be really picky!!! Would go back but like new adventures everytime. oh get a massage it was heavenly! Tip the maids etc they work really hard! Gracias for a great wk.....  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CamSaskatchewan
<Content>Food poisoning at Iberostar Dominicana We stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana for 2 weeks in March. We were travelling with a party of 9. 3 of the 9 got food poisining. the second day. My husband had it the worst and had to got to the hospital by ambulance and spend the night at the hospital. We heard of many people getting sick at the resort. The food was about a 2.5*. The rooms were clean and the people very friendly. I read alot of reviews before I left and was skeptical of the food and resort . Believe everything that you read of the food it was aweful. I would not recommend this resort at all.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pepperone
<Content>Beautiful resort We booked our trip through Apple Vacations--no other way to go! We arrived early around 10:30 am and our rooms were ready. Rooms very clean and towel formations were decorated with flowers every day. We never saw our maid but we left her a $2 tip every day and she made our stay a pleasant one--clean towels, washcloths, stocked cold drinks, turned down the beds at night with chocolates on our pillows and gave us fresh towels twice a day! A few dollars go a long way--so please tip! Beach and pool were beautiful and clean. We did learn after the 1st day that unless you got a Hammock by 8:00, you were out of luck. 4 chairs together were hard to find at beach and at pool. We started taking turns making a run to the beach by 8 to reserve chairs under a hammock like everyone else. Lots of bare boobies on the beach--most should've covered up--either too old, too saggy or entirely too fat to show it all!! Some even change their entire bathing suits (tops and bottoms, male and female) right in front of you with no hesitation. They're really quite experienced and you really only got a quick look of their private parts. Be aware that you'll get an eyeful! Specialty restaurants were very good. We ate at the Japanese/Chinese, Steakhouse, Gourmet Seafood--all were delicious! The main buffet was good also--much to choose from--but we're not picky eaters! We found that at lunch it was much better at the buffet on the beach where they have the steakhouse. Less variety but fresher and less of a crowd! You can actually sit on the beach with your feet in the sand, at a picnic table under a roof and enjoy a nice lunch! Really, the only thing that needs to improve are the shows. We seemed to only catch the boring ones. One night we went over to the Bavaro side and thought that their shows were better--then we realized that they rotate. Drinks were much better at the lobby bar. Pool and beach bars were o.k. but we never got a frozen drink. Drinks with dark rum were the best but be aware of the coconut milk - we learned that it's a natural laxative. 3 out of the 4 in our group had a short bout of diarrhea - bring imodium and/or pepto bismol. Staff were all very pleasant and had a good time with Papa Johnson at breakfast and Juan on the beach. We tested Juan everyday to see if he remembered our names--what a great guy! Overall, I would recommend the Iberostar Dominicana but prefer the Iberostar Tucan in Riviera Maya, Mexico. There's not much night life so plan on going to bed early--believe me you're ready! USA3000 at the Punta Cana airport needs major improvement--they were too slow checking in--lines were long and we waited well over an hour in the heat. Thank goodness we were returning home late at night when the sun's not beating down on the thatched roof with no air conditioning in this part of the airport. Security leaving was nonexistent--they didn't check anything--turned their heads away from the x-ray. I'll take the inconveniences of the security in the U.S. any day over the confusion and insecurity at the Punta Cana airport. Thank God we got on the right plane--mass confusion everywhere!! We'll maybe return someday but lots more islands and resorts to see before then!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>IowaRaybo
<Content>Absolutely Perfect!!!       Great Pools  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WIRelaxed
<Content>Relaxing vacation at the Dominicana I traveled alone to Punta Cana for a relaxing vacation. I chose the Dominicana for the excellent reviews I had read about Iberostar Resorts. The resort was everything I could ask for. Perfect beautiful beach with no vendors, well kept grounds, good food, and clean rooms. No animals wandering around the resort.The food was the best I have ever had at an all-inclusive. One of the specialty restaurants had grilled lobster. They even had grill meats such as pork chops, steak and chicken on the buffet. The only food I didn't try were the salads because they were not familiar to me.The maid service was very good. My room was cleaned every day by 10 A.M. and the refrigerator was restocked every other day.Although I did not have any children with me I saw the children every evening put on a small show for the guests and they were having a great time.Very important to me was feeling safe wandering the resort day or night. The grounds were well lit at night and guarded so that no one came on the grounds.Can't wait for next year.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Domrep
<Content>Loved the Dominicana AGAIN We have just returned from our 3rd stay at the Dominicana and can honestly say we enjoyed it just as much as our other visits. Before we went I requested a high floor as near to the beach as possible, this request was granted. Our room was wonderful, always kept really clean and the fridge well stocked.As we were returning guests we were invited to the managers cocktail party, which just happened to be on our anniversary. It was really wonderful and we had a long chat with the Director Snr Colman. Also we met up with Alexis who arranged our daughter Louise's wedding 2 years ago. When she found out it was our anniversary that day she arranged a beautiful floral display and a bottle of champagne to be waiting for us in the steak restaurant where we had booked our meal for that night.We never had any problems getting reservations in the a la carte restaurants and the food was very good in all of them, also in the buffet restaurants.The beach is the best in the Dominican Republic and we have stayed in every Iberostar on the island. This is by far the best.The staff are really pleasant and work extremely hard to make your stay a happy one. We do not have one single complaint. The Star Friends never stop working and always have a smile on their faces day and nightWe are booked to go back in Septemebr of this year and cant wait to meet up with Alexis, Snr Colman and all the wonderful staff again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>batgirl907
<Content>i won't go back i just came back on march 10, 2007 with four of my friends from iberostar dominicana. it is my third time going to punta cana, and i always used apple vacations to book all my vacation but it will be my last, because:1) my plane was late 3 hours from jfk.2) food was horrible at iberostar and buffet had bugs (nine bites on my leg on my first night) and antes in the tea box and flys around food and decorations. hotel did nothing about it, and apple representive (Emenuel) said it must be ME, because he never got this kind of complain before, eventhough i said to him my friends got it too.3) my friends got sick from food.4) very few people spoke english.5) service was bad.6) no alarm clock in the room, nor clocks any where except very small clock in the lobby.7) shows were worst then the high school plays.8) my plane was late 3 hour from punta cana but we still needed to check out by 11am, when my friend ask apple representive about providing us with room with ac (everybodys plane was late)he said IF YOU LIKE AC SO MUCH, THEN YOU SHOULD STAY IN U.S.i will not be returning to punta cana, and i wiil not stay at iberostar and i will not use apple vacations!christy  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Try69
<Content>Lot's of Fun, but needs a little improvement !!! We stayed at the Dominicana the third week of January. Our room was on the first floor facing the nightly entertainment area.The grounds are beautiful and lush.Nothing is far from any room in the building. As I said we were at one end of the building and it was about one minute to the beach, Same as for the restaurants. The rooms could use some updating and whoever invented the 3/4 bed needs to get their head examined. My wife and I together weigh about 285 pounds and their is no way to sleep comfortably. We each took a bed and our son slept on the sofa bed. As for the food , I will say it's not that good. We got by on fruit , pizza, eggs , bread and ice cream . No such thing as vegetables at this resort. Some of the beef was impossible to cut so we stopped trying. The booze is EL CHEAPO. It's all no name stuff. If you like Vodka, You have to ask for Smirnoff or you get some kind of turpentine. As for the Rum, it's all good. Tequila barely drinkable, and the Beer, Well I must say El Presidente was very drinkable.It can be had 24 hrs a day in the buffet restaurant. The Disco is pretty cool. The bar is made of AIirplane wings and the D.J booth is the cockpit. Pools are fantastic.Beach is fantastic. The staff are top notch and The STAR friends are incredible. Children will have a great time.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzyq613
<Content>Stomach Cramps and more This was our 3 rd trip to the same resort...very excited to return to the most beautiful place on earth. After 3 days or eating salads and fruits I became ill with cramps., vomiting etc We found out that the island had what they call a cyclone hit when Katrina hit the US. All the resorts along the water way were only accessible by boat. They have come a long way and everything looks aesthetically pleasing but the rest needs some work(water system). I am assuming that I picked up a parasite of sorts and I am suffering still 24 hours after returning home. Headed to the doctors to get well. All and all I must say you have to go and visit. The people for the most part are very friendly we did find some to be a bit surly. Beaches you can not describe with words...but magnificant comes to mind. Food well...that is a little lacking this year we were disappointed a bit. If you can we recommend a helicopter tour of the island what a ride and you get to experience from sea to the mountians. Just pack some good antibiotics and imodium before you go.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>angelcuts6
<Content>Beautiful complex       Room  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>HeatherEngland
<Content>superb This is the first time I have ever written a review but as I spent lots of time before our holiday reading other peoples views on our hotel and resort, I thought I would repay the compliment. We have just returned from two weeks holiday in the lovely resort of Bavaro, it was everything we could have hoped for and more beautiful beaches white sand endless sunshine. Iberostar Dominicana was superb the staff were very friendly, food was good. if you are thinking of going then just go you will be delighted. We will be going again as soon as possible.Just one note if you decide to do the scuba diving course then be aware for the first dive they allow only one instructor for four new divers, not great if one of the divers is a child ! also the first dive is 45 feet, check before you pay your money.Have a great holidayP.S. Ask for a room upgrade  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DiverStuckInMN
<Content>Our first Iberostar Experience!       Iberostar Dominicana Beach  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>nyadventure
<Content>Nice place for the budget price Just returned from Iberostar (IB) Dominicana in Punta Cana. First of all, the Iberostar territory in Punta Cana includes three hotels adjacent to each other: 1. IB Punta Cana, IB PC (probably the cheapest if you book through the travel agent, includes the older building, rooms starting with number 6, e.g. 6012, 6122, and one more modern building with elevator, rooms starting with 5, e.g. 5012, 5112, 5212, etc)2. Probably slightly more expensive IB Dominicana, IB D, (includes one building, rooms starting with 4, e.g 4012)3. IB Bavaro. Slightly more expensive, separate territory and restaurants, consistent of many villas, each with 4 rooms/suites upstairs and 4 rooms downstairs (rooms starting with 1,2,3, e.g. 3024, 3756 etc).IB PC and IB Dom share the same territory, restaurants, and facilities. You can use the territory, spa, and pool of the Bavaro, but can not use their restaurants and bar (they have their own color of the wrist plastic label). Rooms. The villas seem much more quiet as c/o to IB PC and IB D. If you look for something quiet and want to go to bed before 12:30 am, you probably better book IB Bavaro for quiet room. The main buildings of IB D and IB PC are built like budget hotels, i mean, no frills, all rooms in the row, all doors are facing the beautiful court yard, so when somebody shatter the door on the 3rd fllor in the middle of the night, you will definitely hear the echo on the ground floor. And there are 96 rooms on each floor (floors 0-ground, 1,2,3rd).The rooms facing the theater and lobby are the nosiest in the evening and nigt, with loud music sometimes until 11:30 PM and 12 am. The rooms are very nice, spacious, all with balcony, sitting area, refrigerator with free water, beer, and drinks, A/C, TV, TF, and you name it. The made service: very average. The bed linens have not been changed for the whole week, and the towels will be changed only if you put them in the bath. The pillows are very flat (that was mentioned by two other reviewers before).Food. Average in the buffet, very good in the resaturants. My favorite restaurants are the Gourmet (i suggest to order the grilled lobster) and Oriental, where the appetizers and soup were delicious. If you love the meat, then there is the steakhouse.Territory and landscape: WONDERFUL, that really makes the atmosphere of the paradize. And the only thing that can be called luxury in this place, without hesitation. The flamingoes, peacocs, tropical birds are not afraid of people at all. The same about the landscape of the buidings backyards.Towels: please, bring one beach towel with you, if you want to have one fresh after 4 PM. During my stay for the whole week there were no fresh towels after 3:30-4PM (the towel booth is open until 6:50 PM). You can return the used one, but would not get the new one. I've heard many people to wow about it.I would also suggest to have your insulated mug that you can fill with any drink.There is jaccuzzi, but you have to book it in advance, as well as the restaurants, better on your first day of stay.My overall impression: nice place to stay, definitely not 5 stars as they claim, budget with touch of luxury i would say. Anyway, the brand Iberostar does not let them to lower the quality, even in Dominican. I have been in Iberostar in Mexico, and did like Mexico more.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	2	3	5	

<Author>jojosgranny
<Content>Disappointing for Iberostar Fans We booked and paid extra for IB Dominicana and were given IB Punta Cana rooms at the edge of the property facing the back door of the Steakhouse- ugh! The Punta Cana went on sale a few weeks ago and if I had wanted to switch for $$$ less I would have. They told me it was all the same but from what I saw the rooms were better and closer to the action at Dominicana! The beds were hard as a rock and pillows were 2 inches thick at max Maid service was sporadic and while the tub/shower was so dark I could hardly see -it didn't hide all the chips and rust Food was OK at buffets, Tropical and Oriental better at Gourmet and Star Rock Don't miss the paella cooked at the beach YUM! Pool nice but a pool bar would help the economy of the bartenders! There were no waiters around the pool or beach getting drinks like Mexico so be prepared to walk back and forth alot! Repeat IB customers can sign up for a weekly reception at concierge but our invitation ended up coming late after the reception and in GERMAN. The rest of our group got theirs and we went anyway. Nice but alot of we want you to be happy A little late for our group! Star Friends and wait staff always great! Beautiful grounds - Best beach anywhere -USA 3000 seats very hard and some misinformation about travel cards Side trips - Saona Island and Outback Safari were incredible and worth the money - Dominican people wonderful proud of their island and very friendly - Casino slots looser than I expected - won $$$ Expect nudity by people who really should'nt! This will be one of my favorite vacation destinations because of the lush island location and beach but the resort is really not up to IB standards and rooms are definitely not 5 star  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	4	-1	

<Author>Fossr50
<Content>Another great vacation I have been to this resort on two previous occasions. This was our 3rd trip back to this resort. Each about 3 years apart. Prior to leaving I had read posts from others listing numerous complaints. I was a little apprenhensive thinking conditions have changed. This trip was our longest ,11 days. After arriving and being there for a couple of days all concerns were gone. It is still a great place. I will probably return again. We have traveled to many tropical destinations and this continues to be one of our favorites.1. We traveled with Apple Vacations. I can't say enough good things about them and their operations. We always spend the night in Chicago beforfe leaving. Our flight left at 6:00AM. As we were getting ready to leave the motel we realized we had no travel documents except for our passports. Apparently while unloading the car the night before we must have dropped them. Apple took care of us immediately. The only problem was my heart dropping at the thought of a missed vacation. Apple handled things perfectly. Apple is so thorough that inspite of no documentation everything went smoothly. I think the passports made this a non issue. Check in for the bus transfer and check in at the resort was flawless considering what I was anticipating was going to happen.2. The rooms are not the newest but they have started to renovate. The Dominicana side has refurbished bathrooms, paint and pictures. The Punta Cana side is going to be done next.. We are returning guests and as such they have a cockatail party for these guests. At the party we actually spoke with the resort director and it is already in the works to start this processt The rooms are clean, neat, and comfortable. Each room has a small refrigerator and it is stocked daily. 3. The entire staff seemed like they would do anything to make your vacation enjoyable. We were told of a guest that had a problem with the food and they actually had a chef meet with them to try and find acceptable foods for this persons dietary needs. The bar tenders have great memories. In the morning Daniel would see us coming and immediately make us our expresso with a bit of water added and a shot of Baileys. I taught one of the bartenders how to make a Brandy Old Fashion. When he saw me he immediately new what I wanted. There is a language barrier somewhat but they try very hard to please. 4. I think the food is the biggest area of concern for travelers to the Dominican Republic. There are many stories of people getting sick. I have to say, my wife and I have never been sick and this trip was for 11 days. We do eat everything, fruits, vegetables, and we try most everything available. We do have one routine we follow.; It was told to me by a Doctor. We take 1 Pepto Bismol 4 times a day. You have to remember you are going to a third world country and it just isn't like here in the USA. AT this resort we personally saw people testing the temperature of the food for quality control and at the same time there was a bird flying around over head. The entire resort has an open concept and it just might happen that a bird could come flying through. The variety of the food at the buffets does not completely change everyday. The salad and dessert areas remain quite similar. With six other places to eat at, I find it hard to believe there is not an acceptable assortment of food for everyone. Don't overlook eating lunch at the beach . They do an outdoor grill specialty daily., 5. The beach and grounds of this resort are what keep bringing me back. The beach has the softest and finest sand of any place I have been. It is a beach lovers paradise. If you want to walk, it is so long you will never get to the end of it. Remember how far you walk one direction equals your trip back. My wife seems to think I sometimes forget this as we have walked several miles in one directions only to realize we get to do it all over again as we return to the resort. The resort has the most palapas of any resort we have walked past. Some people have complained about them being reserved early in the morning. This does happen, but the real bonus comes when you see the sunrise. It rises out of the ocean and is awesome. Don't be afraid to be one of the early risers and get up, reserve your chair, and see the sunrise. By the way , if you get down to the beach by about 7:30 to 8:00 you will get a palapa. The towel exchange area closes at 6:00P.M.. Be sure to get new towels the night before for the following day. 6. If have done several of the excursions and our favorites are the Outback Safari and the snorkeling trip to Catalinita and Saona island. Do the snorkeling excursion with Dressel Divers right at the resort. The snorkeling on the other side equals some of the best I have done including Hawaii. Other posts have expressed disappointment with this trip but it was not done through Dressel Divers. You will actually go to another Iberostar resort and use their boats and facilities. It is a full day but it was great. I hope you are lucky enough to have Ricky has your snorkel guide. He is a local fisherman and is awesome. He fed moray eels fish from his mouth and saw many other moray eels along with many stingrays and tropical fish. They will fed you a great lunch on a private spot on Saona. A wonderful day.7. The only bad part of trip was the return to below zero weather in Chicago.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tripr8r
<Content>It was ok Hotel grounds were nice looking and well kept. Rooms were a bit musty as can be expected in the tropics. There were a couple bugs in the room here and there (one crunched in the sheets, but whatever). There was a leak directly over the toilet (with which you will probably become VERY acquainted) that was absolutely annoying. They said it would be fixed but it never happened, I just kept cramming toilet paper to in the ceiling to minimize dripping, an continued on my merry vacation without requesting a new room.The maid did some really cool things with the towels and flowers in the bathroom.... (for decorations, you perve).It rained a little here and there but it wasn't a downer. Cockroaches did come out during the rain.Staff was very friendly. Drinks were ok, not great. Local beer only.We had a party of 11 people in the 29-36 age group and we wanted to party. The resort is really not all that conducive to much other than chillin by the pool or the beach. Night life is kinda boring. They close the pools EARLY. And there are kids. There are stage shows and a casino, but I don't gamble much and shows are not my cup of tea.Beach was fantastic (best I've been to)! Lots of people though. So if your looking for privacy you probably won't find it. This place needs a swim up bar!!!! IN A BIG WAY!We went snorkeling, the rot gut was a bit of a worry on the bus ride. The boat has two toilets in the back. They kind of flush with a hand pump but not really. And you can't flush the toilet paper so be ready to put it in a garbage can. ugh. Snorkeling was cool though so I probably shouldn't have mentioned that.Food was ok to really good - but BEWARE. It (or something) will probably get you. 11 of 11 got monkey butt for at least a couple days. Take some super Maalox or Pepto type medicine, it's expensive at the shop. One was the lucky recipient of a parasite but there was a lot of sea food eating and I would guess this is the culprit.All in all, you would probably have to be a pretty big stick in the mud to hate it. But it just doesn't give me a warm and fuzzy feeling to recommend it. It's on par with what you pay and what to expect when leave the country (USA). Not a lot of off-site stuff other than planned excursions that cost money. No shopping district that we noticed.I went to Malia Turquesa in Cancun, Mexico and Sandals in Nassau, Bahamas and other than being with a bunch of friends, I would say that I like Sandals the best, but it was the most expensive. Mexico was obviously fun and you could go around town and shop or do whatever as with Nassau. It just did seem so be in the DR. It was OK.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kira-7
<Content>Unique Spain 2 couples of 28 years old Hotel Iberostar Dominicana, was the best, the employees, the service, the food, the animation, lovely gardens,nothing bad to say.in the morning we enjoyed our breakfast, went to the lovely beach which is very near to the hotel, or the swimingpool, food was delicious, as i say , we are spanish and we eat similar food, sea foood, rices, barbecue meat, at night time we enjoyed the shows and after went to disco didn麓t go to bed till 3:00give our congratulations to the best waiter FEDERMAN , for beindg such a lovely guy, to BLACK BANANA, for his good enternaiment, have to try the Restuarnat a la carte Sibila  nice food, luxury restaurant La cana, restaurant ion the beach  nice steaks indeed we will return to the same hotel we all work in hotel of 5 stars and nothing to compare  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grandmaps
<Content>Wonderful Vacation at Iberostar Dominicana Hola !!!! We just returned from a 7 day vacation at Iberostar Dominicana on Jan 21st. Our flight from Detroit on USA3000 was great. The service was wonderful both going and coming. They really cared that you were flying with them and made the flight very enjoyable. We flew into Punta Cana airport and got through there with ease. You do have to buy a $10.00 tourist card which they took from us before we left the airport , but because we flew with Apple Vacations we did not have to purchase another one when we left the country. Little confusing what bus we were to take to our resort but once we were on it there was no problem. It took us about 30 minutes to get to our resort. We arrived about 12:30pm and were able to check in right away. The grounds and the buildings are very well kept and the people couldn't have been friendlier !!!We were upgraded to a Jr. Suite without even asking. We were in a bungalow close to the beach. Our room was very niceand clean.Only problem was we had asked for a king bed but we had 2 doubles(more like twins).Decided location was good and we didn't know what we would end up with if we asked to move so we stayed there. We had a nice patio with a nice view of the grounds. Be sure to bring an outlet converter. I could not use my flat iron for the first few days, until I asked at the front desk. I bought one in the gift shop for .69.Remember your air conditioning turns off if you have your patio door open.(Might need to ask for washclothes each day- they didn't always leave them unless you asked.)Bar was well stocked too. Be sure to make your dinner reservations very soon after you get to the resort. The restaurants filled up fast. We went to the International which was OK. The Mexican which we really were not fond of(air was not working that night !!) and to the Steak House which was very good. I think the best food was at the Rock Cafe- It's a sports bar and you don't need reservations. The food was not your typical sports bar food either. The food was 1st class. We ate there 3 times.(Did get a little loud one night due to a large wedding party.) The buffets were good. At 1pm each day there was an outdoor grill going. Beware of the brats- my husband and a friend we met there both got sick that night after having a couple at lunch. They don't cook pork like we do here in the states. The shows were very good, be sure to get there early for a good seat- not too close or you'll end up on stage. Drinks were good through out the resort. Be sure to take an insulted mug with you- keeps your drink very cold and the bartenders don't mind filling them up for you. The beach was wonderful. Never had to worry about getting a good spot, always plenty of umbrellas if you wanted one. We walked the beach quite a ways in both directions and felt our beach was the best. Very wide and long compared to all the other resorts. The weather was perfect. In the 80s but there was a breeze so it did not feel hot or humid at all. Sand did not blow and there were no bugs.The pools were very nice- plenty of room to move around. We took 3 excursions- The Outback Safari with Sammy as our guide. Great trip. I brought school supplies to give to the kids at the school we were to visit however we were asked to leave them with the tour company. They deliver all donations on Fridays so all the kids would receive something. I was disappointed but it's understandable. We were not able to stop at a school anyway- another group got there before we did. We went to a local family's home(the tour pays the family to have tourist go through) Their little boy was a heartbreaker- I wish we could have taken him home !!! Had lunch at a ranch which was very nice. Be sure to have some Champange on the trip- Leo our driver makes the best !!! Also went to Macow Beach on this tour to go boogie boarding- the waves were great. Had a great time !!!Another excursion was the Quad Venture. Took a long ...time to get there. It was suppose to be a 1/2 day trip ,ended up we didn't get back to the resort until about 6pm. Great ride along the Atlantic- saw where the Atlantic and Caribbean met. Great photo ops. Couple of the quads broke down so it made our trip longer- but we kept saying We could be at work right now so it was OK. Might check out a different company if you want to go - machines were not in good shape, however guides were very nice- one took videos along the way that you could buy for $35.00- we did. Last excursion was on our last day- we took a helicopter tour that ended with us being dropped off at the airport. It was a 30 minute ride along the coast line-Wish pilot had been more informative- I wanted to know what we were looking at- We did see our resort- very impressive !! Great photo ops- however I got vertigo from taking so many pictures and not looking at the horizon. Tip- Another lady in our party was sick when we got to the airport(she took the bus to the airport, while we took the helicopter) When we got there an Apple Rep. took the 4 of us to the front of the long.... line so we did not have to wait - if we hadn't been sick it would have taken at least 2 hours to get through- hated to be sick, but it had it 's advantages!) Be sure to tip at the resort and on any excursions. We tipped our maid a couple dollars a day and I brought nail polish, earrings etc. to leave her also. Be sure to leave a note saying it's Ok for her to take. (Spanish dictionary comes in handy for that.) Wish we'd been able to meet her -never saw her !!!Bartenders and waiteresses also appreciated the tips. We took an extra $100.00 in ones for this purpose-it was well worth it. Don't forget to haggle !! There are huts on the beach to the right of the resort. We had fun haggling- don't pay anymore than a 1/4th of what their asking. We were told the shops on the resort had set prices but I found one in the Rock Cafe area who would deal with us. I can't forget the Star Friends- these people start work early in the morning and don't stop until very late at night everyday !!! They are there to make your stay enjoyable and they do a great job !! Don't be surprised if you see one of them dressed as a baby-diaper and all walking the beach looking for his mother !!! They are crazy but lots of fun !! We made many trips just walking around the resort- I got up at 7am a couple mornings to take pictures- a lot quieter and not so many people roaming around- made for some great pictures !!! We did walk through the large hotel and saw some rooms- they were very nice also and many had king beds- if we had moved we would have been very happy there too. Enjoyed a wedding on the beach- a couple from England had no one with them so they invited some of the resorters. It was very beautiful- the resort did a great job for them- the cake was beautiful. Can't forget our Apple rep. Manny did a great job for us- almost couldn't do the helicopter ride but he found a way so we could go. Overall we had a great experience and met some great people and would highly recommend this resort , USA 3000 and Apple Vacations. We can't wait to go back !!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ra_life
<Content>Would never go back       Hotel from the air  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	2	4	5	

<Author>Jazza_Essex
<Content>We had a lovely time - Very relaxing As a family of two teenagers and two adults we visited this hotel in July 06. Reading some of the reviews before hand we were a little nervous. We had a lovely relaxing holiday. You could do as much or as little as you wanted with no hassles. The food was nice with lots of choice. We visited all the speciality restaurants but our favourite was the mexican and the chinese. It was one of our daughters birthday while we were there and we had a cake made and presented to her in the chinese restaurant along with a bottle of champagne (they did add we could have more champagne if we wanted) and the dominicans famous birthday chant. The staff were excellent and very friendly.. Entertainment was ok, but if you preferred something different take a walk over to their sister hotels next door. Beach lovely, pool nice as only went once, preferred the beach. Pina Colada with rum was fantastic. Worth going back for the hotel, beach and the Pina Colada. Great stuff!! Give it a try!!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kjs04
<Content>Very Nice Resort We just returned from a wonderful week at the Iberostar Dominicana. After reading all of these reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect- I was pleasantly surprised that most of what people complained about seemed to be exagerated. Food- I could always find something to eat. If you are there for a week, the breakfast and lunch selections are repetitive, so try to not eat everything you see in the first few days. We made reservations for 2 nights. The Gourmet was the best. It was a 5 course meal with grilled lobster and amazing asparagus soup. The tropical restaraunt- The Marimba was also very good. We also went to the Rock Star Cafe two nights. The food is great and you don't have to make reservations. It is very small though, so I would recommend going right at 7.Room- Our room was fine. There was a slight musty smell, but there always is when you are in the tropics. The worst part of the room were the pillows. They were so flat, I am not sure why they even put them on the bed. Another thing to warn you about is the water in the bathroom- it smells. We had an old shower curtain that smelled horrible and had to ask the maid to bring another one. Pool and Beach- I was amazed at how many people laid on the beach. I have been traveling to Mexico for the last few years and everyone spends time at the pool- that is not the case here. We had an early riser in our group who saved chairs by the pool, but we wouldn't have had a problem getting chairs if we had slept in. The pool was very nice and was always being cleaned. The beach was very crowded with walkers from the other resorts. Lots of topless women that you probably would have rather not seen topless! Drinks- I was disappointed with the drinks. There was no consistency. Pina Colada's and Coco Loco's were frozen sometimes and on ice others- it was very frustrating because you never knew what you were going to get. Staff- The staff was always very nice to us. They speak little English so communication was not always easy but they would do everything they could to try to understand us. If you are planning on giving tips, you should bring small bills with you because there is not a place to get change. We did not leave the resort at all. We were very content with the kayaks, catamarans, beach and pool. We would definately come back to this resort again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ann5
<Content>Awesome vacation resort!!! We were two couples and two lady friends (in our 60's) in three rooms. We had requested of our travel agent to be located close together. We ended up with one room in each of Iberostar's adjoining resorts. We commented on this when we arrived late on a Sat. night and when we checked at noon the next day the resort had already made arrangements for us to be together in the better section of Dominicana. Our rooms included a spacious bathroom, luxurious sleeping area with two steps down into a sitting area with couches, table, TV and sliders out onto a small patio. It was a 4 min. walk to restaurants, pool, lobby and beach area in front of the pool area, but was on the first floor and afforded quiet evenings for walks along the sidewalks through Iberostar dominicana, bavaro and punta cana resorts. These are exquisitely planned, landscaped, and maintained resorts. The staff is very friendly and very attentive. Buffet food is a cut above the usual...steaks, white fish, veggies were outstanding. Breakfast and lunch were solid with little gems at each meal (omelets, payaya, bbq ribs. We also ate at the Steak House, Oriental, and Tropical restaurants (reservations) and they were very good. The Tropical restaurant on the beach is great for breakfast and lunch just steps away from pool and beachGet to beach or pool by 8:15 AM to put towels, books, etc on lounges to reserve them. We got the six lounges in front of the bathroom on the beach each day. No noise or smell and we had a large open space behind us to move around in to adjust for shade or sun all day. This is also convenient to Tropical restaurant, a dip in the pool, and the beach bar. (I brought a large sports water bottle that staff was more than happy to fill with any kind of beverage and ice I wanted.Staff came around to invite guests to participate in games or classes (dance, spanish) but were never pushy. Nightly entertainment was amateur, but fun to watch once you got in the mood. Very good musical group with vocals for dancing from about 8 - 9 P.M. Found that they moved from Dominicana to Punta Cana resort later on some evenings.Didn't do any trips as we didn't want to spend that much time travelling on buses. Wonderful vacation and we are planning on going again next year as a group. A fantastic value for your money!! (Be aware that the main residence rooms at Dominicana resort are hotel type rooms without sitting areas. We were in the area of rooms numbered 3895 , 3896, etc. The rooms at Punta Cana also had sitting areas.I spent $50 for the week for tips from my wife and myself, even though it wasn't required. Staff was very appreciative!!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kotelej1
<Content>Our good experience I just returned from a 7 night stay at the Iberostar Dominicana. We had eight in our party. After booking this trip thru Apple vacations I began to read reviews about the resort. The reviews painted a grim picture of the Iberostars in Punta Cana. We found them, to be for the most part, unfounded.#1 Water -They must have told us 10 times not to drink or brush your teeth with tap water; if you do drink it, it鈥檚 your fault, you were told. There is lots of bottled water around. The ice and water that they serve is okay.#2 Food 鈥?There is plenty of food and they are constantly bringing out fresh platters. I always found lots to eat. I think people get sick there because you don鈥檛 eat like that at home. The food is rich, fatty and good. I think people over eat just because of the variety, you always see something better then you have on your plate. Some of the food is over cooked but that鈥檚 because if it were not it would go bad very fast. As it is, they through out more food then the people eat.#3 Chairs 鈥?We had no problem getting chairs in the shade no mater what time we got down to the beach or pool. There were always open chairs. #4 Restaurants - We made reservations as soon as we got settled in our room. We got the reservations we wanted at the times we wanted. The reason people go by these restaurants and find them half full is because they set up the whole place at once and do not reset tables after people are done eating.#5 Towels 鈥?you get a fresh beach towel each day so don鈥檛 bring them from home unless you can鈥檛 stand to be apart from it. Save the weight in your luggage for things to bring home.THINGS TO BRING:Insolated cup.  Bring them. People saw ours and wanted to buy them from us. I could have sold a dozen. 2 way radio (if you have them). I got up at 6:30 every morning; my wife would sleep as late as 9:30. We would meet at the beach. I had to keep going to the beach to see if she was there. With 2 way radios she could have called me when she got up. Dollars. I don鈥檛 believe in paying for service there bet I do reward for it. Dollars work great. I brought $100 and that took me through the week with some coming home with me.Binoculars. Lots to look at in the ocean and on the beach.The entire staff was great and kept things moving in the resort. The entertainment needed some work but over all, not bad. The beach bar stays open 鈥榯il 11:00 pm and it was beautiful at night down there. We talked to a lot of people and no one had any problems. I鈥檓 sure if you did your Apple Rep. will take care of it.In closing we all had a great vacation and will definitely go back.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BAMNURSE17
<Content>Resort Beautiful-Country Beware!!! I feel i must put this at the beginning of my review so that i can get this information to as many people as possible. BEWARE of the security people at the airport. When we were leaving to come home and our belongings were being searched the man searching my bag stole $50.00 out of my purse. I caught him and reached acrossed the table grabbed his hand and found my $50 in his hand. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE keep your money and any other true valuables on your person when going through security. Just for the record I had a bag full of gifts and they never looked in it. He went striaght for my purse unzipped the compartment my money was and and went through it.  Ok now on to the vacation itself.Iberostar Dominicana was beautiful(the grounds)The rooms were ok, we were in a suite it was old we had numerous problems throughout the week but they were taken care of right away. Take an airfreshener, the suites smell like sewer sometimes after it rains.(it rains at least once almost every day)The food was average, I have been to all inclusives with better and worse. You could always find something to eat. It did get old but lets face it folks, you get what you pay for. We had 6 in our group(3 couples) all with different taste and none of us had a problem finding something to eat. None of us got sick either. Once or twice some diarrhea, but nothing horrible.The ala carte restaurants were good. We did Mexican, Gourmet, and the Steak house. All were good nothing fantastic but a nice change. The Gourmet would have been awesome if they hadnt overcooked the lobster.The beach was beautiful, the waves made being in the water so much more fun than in Mexico when you are on the Gulf and there are no waves. We had one in our group who was an early riser, so he would save us an umbrella. But if you dont need an umbrella, there were always chairs available. The pool was very nice but cold. Not too bad once you were in it. But there is a lot of shade by the pool area. The service was good. No drink serice at the beach or the pool. Drinks are like they are at most all inclusives. Very weak!We always take insulated mugs and they are glad to fill them for you. You can ask for extra alcohol but it is still rather weak.The entertainment was good when you saw them. But out of 7 nights there were only 2 nights that there was a true show. The other 5 nights they were corny audience participation shows. Overall we had an awesome time. The two couples that were with us, it was their first time to resort like this and they loved it. Doubt that i will ever go back. Mostly because of the incident at the airport. One other thing. When you travel off the resort to excursions you are taking your life in your hands. The roads are terrible and there are no driving rules. We did the snorkling trip and horseback riding on the beach. The snorkle trip was a blast.The horseback ride was not as nice.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>aldansby
<Content>Terrible customer service Upon arrival at the Iberostar Dominicana, there was no record of our reservation for which I had a confirmation letter and number in hand from Funjet Vacations. The local Funjet representative was contacted by telephone, who maintained that we had a reservation, but the Iberostar denounced it, nor had any rooms available at any of its three complexes that night. We waited for hours while the Iberostar reception searched for another hotel to put us up in for the night. Finally, we got a room at a hotel ranked 2.0 by Funjet versus 4.0 for the Iberostar Dominicana. We checked into the downgraded hotel at 12 am, missing dinner and entertainment.Meanwhile, we incurred $40 in taxi and inconvenience fees shuttling in between hotels. We also had to put $200 on our credit card for the new hotel room. This money was refunded to us in cash the next day when the Iberostar Dominicana miraculously found our reservation and sent a van to pick us up at 12 noon. Nonetheless, we had already paid $270 for the Iberostar room, plus incurred $40 in extra charges due to the one night displacement. We lost a total of $110 due to the Iberostar Dominicana's mistake. In addition, we lost eight hours of time enjoying our vacation. The Iberostar upgraded our room for the next two nights and called it even. However, we immediately stated that we did not want the upgrade, rather, compensation for one night's stay. The reception desk indicated that the upgraded room was the only one available, so we would be staying there regardless of any credit. We were then referred to the general manager, who said that the hotel would not refund any of our money. The lack of customer service we experienced at the Iberostar Dominicana negated the high quality of the resort. There are several other five-star resorts in the area where vacationers will likely be treated better and guaranteed to have a room upon arrival.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	5	2	3	1	

<Author>cubsr#1
<Content>Ideal beach vacation I just returned from a 10 night stay at the Dominicana. As others have stated, the grounds, pools and beach are beautiful. I rated our trip as above average - why not exceptionall? The food. I am not a picky eater and neither is my family - we had a difficult time finding something to eat at the buffets. Yes, you could always find something  we did...the food here was not comparable to other Iberostars I've stayed at. We never had any issues with getting sick. We did use the bottled water to brush our teeth etc, but had no problems with the water in the dining rooms or ice in the drinks.We ate at the Tropical, Oriental, and Gourmet restaurant and all of these were good - the Oriental was definitely our favorite. We also ate at the Star Rock Cafe - a hint - be sure to arrive before 7 PM or wait until 8 PM as it's on a first come basis and opens at 7 Pm. Here you'll find more American food and pool tables, air hockey and tv. We also noticed they had more premium liquer here.If you plan on shopping...be sure to bring small bills ($20 bills are too big) there are some fun beach shops a short walk down the beach - nothing has prices on it and you are expected to barter. The more you buy from an individual shop, the better price you'll get. Always start at about 1/2 what they ask and go from there...this is why you need small bills - doesn't work to barter something to $12 and then pull out a $20 or $50 bill (I did once and really had to work hard to keep the previously agreed upon price - a common phrase is you break my heart)!We did two tours - the Mariarium - if you've ever snorkeled before - skip this one...way too crowded and poor water visibility - however, if you just want a boat ride and a fun time- this is for you - a great crew and we had a lot of fun.Also went on the Outback Safari which others have highly recommended and now I know why. It's probably the best excursion I've done and we've been all over the Caribbean. The most fun was learning to boogie board at Macao beach - a great time.There are also some shops on the resort in the lobby and in a building near the lobby. In addition there is a caribbean street of shops with a nice assortment of items - the caribbean street is like on the beach - be ready to barter! Something we found funny was if you look at something and they think you want to buy it, but you say I'm on my way to dinner, the beach, don't have any $ on me etc they say, you take on credit and pay me later...we did this several times - never gave our name or room number and walked away with our treasures:) yes we did go back and pay them!A week before we arrived I emailed and asked for a room near my daughter and son-in-law and also near the pool. We were accomodated with ground floor rooms with terraces opening right on to the pool and directly behind the caribbean street of shops - perfect location. Our rooms were 4050  4054.Would I return - yes!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>dave_and_karen
<Content>Planning to go back               More photos  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>CraigerToronto
<Content>Hope you like the Buffet! After being repeatedly told the a la carte restaurants were full when we wanted them, I decided to take a walk around to see for myself. All of them (except the lower quality Mexican) were less than half full. I checked the maitre d鈥檚 list and found that the resort booked less than half the tables even though the resort was full. After talking to several people about this, they all agreed that they found the same thing. So, at this Iberostar, you get to pay a ***** star price for *** star quality. Hope you like the buffet food. I was surprised, in Cuba, the Iberostar didn鈥檛 play those games. Such a petty game for an otherwise stellar resort. I hope it鈥檚 not some local management decision to make the bottom line look good at the expense of the brand.If they correct this, please write your reviews because then I would go back.If you go, have a look at the back of the variety show, the big white rooster sits there every night.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>Beachgirl100
<Content>Wow! What an amazing trip and fantastic resort! I traveled with my sister- both of us are in our 20's. The resort is perfect for families, couples, groups of friends, everyone!The beach- amazing!!! Beautiful water, soft sand, perfect!!The staff- the Star Friends as well as all staff turn a beautiful beach and resort in to a relaxing, festive, and entertaining experience. Without being too pushy the Star Friends are able to get people to join in on so many fun activities- volleyball, aqua gym, waterpolo, dancing etc. There is always something entertaining to watch or to participate in. The grounds crew is always working to keep the area- beach, grass, flowers, bushes etc in perfect condition. Wow!The rooms- very clean with great decorations left by the cleaning staff daily. We were on the 3rd floor and thus had a cathedral ceiling that made the room feel even more spacious. The view from the room was spectacular- overlooking the gorgeous grounds and just a short walk from both the beach/pool and the lobby/restaurants. Activities- for 1 hour each day you can participate in non motorized water sports- kayaking, catamaran, windsurfing. We did not try windsurfing but did do the other two. If you do not have any experience with the catamaran you can either recieve instruction ($20 a person I think) or can go out for 1/2 hour with one of the staff ($10/person).Excursions- We did the Caribbean Festival- 1/2 day- they pick you up from the resort, take you out to a boat where you then do two snorkeling sites first with small colorful fist and second with stingrays and nurse sharks. I highly recommend this trip! We had such a great time- wonderful crew, very organized with several guides for the snorkeling.Food- neither my sister or I got sick the entire trip. We drank the bottled water from our room, had ice in our drinks, and tried many of the different foods that were served. The buffets do have a lot of the same items - breads, fruits, cheese etc but if you are willing to try different foods or eat the same delicious foods a few times you won't go hungry. We ate at the Mexican, Oriental, Steak place on the beach. Each was fantastic with great service and fantastic foods. People do dress up for dinner as recommended but the dresscode for women's shirts to have sleeves as well as no wearing flip flops was not enforced or followed. Several of the traditional american foods tasted different than what I am used to, but they still tasted great. I really miss the dominican style pizza! The ice cream stand was great too- be sure to try the Pistachio.Things to bring- outlet adapter, airfreshener (not a requirement but helps quickly get rid of the musty smell that may be there when the AC is not running) Washcloths (we had washcloths provided the first day but then not after that). Ziplock bags for packing wet items on the return trip. Plenty of sunscreen!! If you are trying to decide on a location- look no further. If you have already booked- enjoy!! The days will go by so quickly.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RLstewie
<Content>Good Bad Nad the Ugly First-The resort is nice looking and well maintained.Our rooms were average but we had problems-Patio door not working, Toilets not working. Many other tidbits in room. Most of these were corrected but the repair people are not too smart.Food was average. Nothing was that great. All you do is get up. Go to Pool, eat, shower and eat and sleep. The entertainment is bad. TV's in room are like in a Motel six.I will say that the Hotel staff was polite. Would I stay here again. No I would stay in Bavora section.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	5	5	1	

<Author>VZLA82
<Content>Absolutely Great I was more than satisfied staying at the Iberostar Dominicana. I have traveled all over the world and I must say that Dominicans are the most genuine and nicest people I've ever come across. They are always willing to help and do not expect anything in return but a smile from you. I highly recommend this hotel, the entertainment is great and the food at the restaurants is very good.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fourmand
<Content>Bad experience We just came from our vacation this weekend, and I鈥檇 like to share with you our feedback for Iberostar Dominicana.The overall feelings tell me that we never ever are going to go to the same Resort again! I am not talking about very poor selection of drinks over there (only domestic drinks in a 5-star hotel!); I am not talking about lack of simple cups for coffee and spoons every breakfast鈥?I am talking about the service. I鈥檝e never seen such a slow service before. In order to get a simple set for a bed for our kid we had to call 4 times to the reception 鈥?finally it took 4 hours to get it! When the air conditioner broke and water started dripping on a floor we had to call 5 times to get it fixed! And they sent two men to fix it only after my threat to call Apple Vacation in NY right now!But the most embarrassing situation has occurred with the environment of our room# 3847. Actually, it鈥檚 even more interesting, that we were accommodated to the Iberostar Bavaro which supposed to be an up-scale place. The minute after we鈥檇 entered the room we discovered hundreds of our future neighbors 鈥?tiny ants!!! They were everywhere, even in a bed鈥?From day 1 till day 5 we asked management to spray the room and help us to get rid of these unexpected neighbors. On day 5th we quit鈥?we were tired of calling鈥?br/>If you think that this was the end of our problems, you will be very surprised鈥?br/>Last day of our vacation鈥?We got up early in a morning and started to pack our luggage. All of a sudden my wife screamed with horror!!! She found a huge cockroach on a floor. Size about 2 inches. We wanted to show it to the manager of the hotel Yves A. Colman, but we were told that he is on a meeting, and we had no choice but to leave peacefully the Dominican Republic couple of hours later. I just was smart enough to preserve this cockroach and couple of small ants in an empty plastic bottle from water, so now I have these Dominican friends in my fridge waiting for their final destiny.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>kp71604
<Content>Island paradise My husband and I visited the Iberostar Dominicana December 14-17. We booked through Apple Vacations. We flew USA 3000 which is an awesome airline. They first served us juice, then a breakfast sandwich and drink, the another drink and a snack. I can't believe they still provide service like this on an airplane! You are given free headphones to watch a free movie. On the trip down they were showing Home Alone and The Grinch on the return trip. AIRPORT You get off the plane and walk to the terminal which is basically just a hut with no air conditioner. Once inside your photo is taken with two Dominican ladies. You can pick this photo for $7 when you come back to go home. You pay $10 for a tourist card which they collect 5 minutes later. Everyone tells you to get a receipt for the tourist card, but they do not give them. We didn't have any issues about having the card when we left like others had previously written. When we got there they get you in and out FAST! When leaving, it takes a little longer to get out. Half of the airport is air-conditioned and half is not, so it can get a little warm. But the breeze keeps everything somewhat cool. BEWARE! You can only buy alcohol to take home at the airport after going through the initial security when you are leaving. Make sure that you keep the receipt that the shop gives you or security will ta ke it before you leave. They check everyone at the gate and they asked for my receipt for the two bottles of liquor we'd bought. They were going to take it if I couldn't provide a receipt. RESORT/ROOMS The drive to the resort from the airport was approximately 40 minutes. The roads are very windy and bumpy. When we arrived, we were upgraded to a junior suite on the Bavaro side. We're not sure why.....Apple Vacations gives alot of upgrades or we've been to an Iberostar before. We stayed in building 3895. This was right by the beach. Our room was ok. The beds were really soft and we requested a king size bed, but received two double beds. We pushed them together and dealt with it. The room was kind of old. The air conditioner was leaking water all over the floor. We found a maid and asked for more towels to mop up the excess water (my husband gave her a couple dollars to help us). We never saw the maid again or our towels. We went into one of their storage rooms and found an old rug and some old towels to put on the floor to mop up the river of water. Our air conditioner quit working during th e last night, so it was rather warm. We were rationed to two bath towels, two hand towels, and two wash cloths each day. They fill the minibar with soda, water, and beer every other day. We left the maid one dollar with a note (in Spanish) asking for extra soda and she left it for us. In some of the previous postings, some people mentioned about getting bit by bugs. The only bug we saw was one roach that was on the floor of our room. We did not get any bites and I am usually the one that gets bit up. The resort is decorated with Christmas lights, Christmas trees, a nativity scene, and various other decorations for the season. Most of the trees have Christmas lights strung around them. BEACH Awesome! The sand is so soft. The water was pretty rough for the entire time we were there (red flags). At times the undertow was swift. It was fun to jump in the waves. I'm not sure if it is this rough all of the time or not. The water was cool, but after you got in it was fine. There are lots of palapas (umbrellas), but you must get down to the beach early to get one. There is a shopping area not too far down the beach. You must bargain with them or you will pay too much. My husband bought me a charm for my bracelet and the guy started the price at $60---and we ended up paying $15. If you have children, beware of the topless women. They are all over. It didn't bother my husband, but it might be awkward with children. POOL The pool was nice. It was a bit cool in temperature, but not too hard to get used to. The temperature was around 85 degrees every day and very nice at night. There's a juice bar between the Dominicana pool and the Punta Cana pool. They have really good smoothie drinks made with real fruit. The pools average depth is 5'9 which might require you to tippy toe around the pool in order to keep your head above water. Keep and eye on your children. FOOD The food was geared toward the Europeans. It was good, but not what we are used to. The buffet gets old pretty quick. We got one dinner reservation which we made for the Steak House. The only time they said that they had open was 9:30 pm. We made the reservations first thing when we got there. The reservation lady said to come back that day at 6:00 and she would call the restaurant and see if they could squeeze us in earlier. She got us in at 7:00. The food wasn't too bad, but nothing to rave about. You can wear shorts because this is an outside restaurant. The floor of the restaurant is sand so leave the dress shoes at home. The Star Rock Cafe was the best! This restaurant had steak, buffalo wings, hamburgers and much more. Each person gets an appetizer, main course, and a desert. This restaurant opens at 7:00 and you do not need to make a reservation. ;Shorts are ok too. The Sta r Rock Cafe has pool tables, tv's and a few video games. We did not get sick at all from the food. We stayed away from non-cooked foods and things that spoil after sitting out too long. I would bring Immodium and Pepto just to be safe. CASINO We went to the casino and played a little just for fun. We didn't win, but our money lasted for awhile. DRINKS We brought big cups from home. They are more than happy to fill these cups for you. The cups that they give you are kids size. We've learned this from other all-inclusive resorts. Not once while at the beach or the pool were we offered a drink. ENTERTAINMENT/STAFF The shows were entertaining. The staff was friendly and tried hard to please. We didn't have too much of a problem with the language. Most of the employees can speak enough to take care of your needs. SUMMARY I would definitely return to this resort and Punta Cana. The resort is beautiful and well maintained. This is our 2nd Iberostar that we've stayed at and we would recommend the chain to anyone. The service we've received at both has been excellent. The only thing I would say is that the water in Punta Cana is not quite the beautiful blue that it is in Cancun/Riviera Maya, Mexico. This resort is pretty much on the Atlantic Ocean not the Caribbean. They are building up the Dominican Republic and I think at some point it will be as built up as Cancun has become.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Traveling-girl6..
<Content>The best hotel ever, great experience.. Me and my friend were in this hotel and I have to tell that's great! The restaurant near beach, a bar with fresh fruit, where you can get a natural juice, nice people, and GREAT ANIMATORS!! I was in a lot of countries, but this is the only hotel, where you get drink in disco FOR FREE! There are European and American restaurants. I was just in European, because i'm from Europe. You can give a reservation for some other restaurants and everywhere it was good food. There was only one thing I didn't like : The travel agency told us, that in this hotel (Dominicana) is a bar in a pool. But when we get there, they told us that the bar is in Iberostar Bavaro (they are together, but if you pay for Dominicana, you can't go in Bavaro). But then we told them for this and we could go in Bavaro too. I paid around 1600 鈧?and maybe I'll get there next year again..  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greatmoose
<Content>great value in a resort We just got back from our honeymoon at the Iberostar Dominicana and had a great time. My wife loved it and there were only a few non major issues. First, the bed was a bit firm, we tend to like a softer mattress, but its pretty standard for a hotel. We would have preferred there to be a pool bar, but there wasn't. We both had some gastro intestinal issues, but we attribute it more to over eating than to bad food prep.The resort caters more to Europeans than americans, so food is prepared differently than what we are used to. The beef was often over marinated so it was over tenderized and had a wierd texture not to our liking. But overall, the food was good, and there was plenty of it. we were always able to find something we liked.The specialty resteraunts were cool, including the star rock, it was good too. We went to the steakhouse, the carribean and the mexican, no complaints at all.Now for the good. The staff was always friendly to us. We always were smiling and trying to talk to the staff in our limited spanish and they always smiled at as and greeted us warmly. They seem to like americans more (one guy even told my wife this) because we are more friendly and want to have a good time. the europeans all seemed to be rude and never smile. Its not true for all, we met some really cool people from other countries, but there is an obvious culture difference.Our room was always spotless. The A/C was always cold, which was awesome, the drinks were strong and the service was good. We did tip on occasion, but not everyone. We gave a few dollars to people who really took care of us, but only afterwards,the tip didn't influence the level of service given, we just wanted to show our appreciation.All in all, it was a great trip, we met some great people from the US, Canada, Switzerland, Germany, the UK and espeically the local Dominicans. We would definately recommend it to anyone. We love the country and will probably return again someday. We might try a resort that caters to Americans more(food wise), but it was a great time regardless.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Reedy
<Content>Excellent time Stayed there from Nov 12 until the 17th. Had a great time. Wonderful beach, nice pool, food was good, although not as good as the Mexican resorts owned by Iberostar, although the international had wonderful lobster and the service was outstanding.The resort has fine and lush landscaping and the overall layout of the buildings was excellent. The walk to any point you wanted to go to was fine and not a problem. Weather was good with temps in the upper 80s, with short daily showers and an ocean temp of probably near 80 degrees. The resort was predominantly occuplied with Germans, along with a good share of Amercans, Canadians, Italians and South Americans. A great mix and representative of the international flavor of Punta Cana.All in all I would give this resort a 4 plus rating. Not a true 5 star but a nice resort with a wonderful and caring staff. I would return although I prefer the Iberostar resorts in Mexico a litle better.Finally, I suggest you tip the workers at the resort here and there as they work hard and a few dollars will go a along way in bettering their lot.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>scuppert
<Content>great beach  You really do get what you pay for.......THE GOOD- it is cheap! children are very welcomed. We are a mid 30's couple with a 10 month old. The staff was very friendly and went out of their way for us and our little one. The day care, from what we saw, was great. Every night they put on a show. Ours was too young for their programs but every 3 to 10 year looked liked they had a blast.Beach was beautiful. Rooms and grounds very clean though had a septic smell. Pools were clean, plenty of chairs.THE BAD- THE FOOD WAS HORRIBLE!!!!!! I do not know how any grown adult could say it was good. Both myself and wife are in hospitality business, have both traveled, and have never encountered such poor quality. Not only is it bad but it is left out in open areas. Lots of bugs also dine with you. Specialty restaraunts are simply items from buffet dressed up and served to you. Drinks are were also poor. The top shelf alcohol is an imposter. I have drank stoli vodka for 15 years and I will tell you what we were served was not even close. We had an issue with an intramuscular needle discovered in our mini fridge on the 4th day. It was hidden between two removable trays in the unit. Management avoided me and stuck a poor english speaking person from the guest desk to investigate the contents of the used needle. We were scared to death, we had baby formula and her food in this refrigerator that barely worked. We had no apology and was only told us it was under investigation. I took the needle home to boston to run the proper tests. Probaly won't happen to you but ruined the 2nd half of our trip. Bottom line- they could have cared less and made me feel like a complainer about finding medical waste where I thought we coul safely store our baby's food. SUMMARY- Great for kids and for those who don't care about what they eat. Be carefull, on our 5th day I had the mantazumas revenge worse then I can remember. Also a very bad rash. There is also a language barrier. Even front desk and guest services people don't speak english decently. This place is very much geared towards europeans- lots of smoke- everywhere. nudity on beaches- not a big deal to us- There are many places to stay and from the other resorts we saw, the dominica was a 3star at best.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>loubie25
<Content>Paradise! Myself, my partner and his parents have just returned from a two week stay at this hotel and found it to be absolute paradise.We flew from the UK with Mytravel Airways and went premiair - well worth the extra money! We had loads of extra legroom and comfortable seats.We landed at Punta Cana airport and were greeted by Dominicans locals playing music and stop you to have your photos taken which are for sale on the return journey if you would like to by one. The ride to the hotel took about 20 minutes and when we arrived we were greeted with cool fruity drinks, check in was quick and easy.RoomsWe had requested a higher floor room, which we were given and after reading some of the reviews on here we were expecting the rooms to be awful. Quite the opposite, the room was huge and very nicely decorated which a mini -bar that was stocked daily, satellite TV, Bath/Shower and a huge bed, everything that you need!GroundsThe grounds were beautifully laid out, loads of trees/flowers. ponds with carp/turtles and birds. The resort also had its own rooster which slept in the entertainment theatre that you were able to stroke as it was so tame. Everyday the trees were being clipped hedges tidied up and leaves swept away.Pool/BeachThere were 2 pools, 1 for the Punta Cana hotel and 1 for the Dominicana hotel and you could use either. They were very big and very cool on a hot day! The beach was absolutely breathtaking and we had no problems founding loungers with or without shade. There was a bar right on the beach that you were able to get plenty of drinks from throughout the day.FoodThe food was great, I am quite a fussy eater and never had a problem finding something that I liked, it was so good that I put 10lb on in weight! We visited the steakhouse, Oriental and Mexican several times and never had problems booking them.Not one of our party were sick at all, and everytime we walked past the doctors area it was always empty. We drank everything with ice and all the water that was served at the restaurants.ExcursionsWe went on the Marinarium trip which you swim with the sharks and rays, this was brilliant and also the Aqautic tour which was a blast. You get to drive your own speedboat along the Bavaro coastline and then get to snorkel for about 20 mins. The guides give you bread to feed to the fish and you are completely swarmed by loads of them, this was the best snorkelling I have ever done! SpaYou could also use the Jacuzzis in the Spa, but you had to book for this and you could use the steam rooms and sauna included in your stay. Myself and my partner paid for the deep tissue massage which was well worth the money!OverallI would go back to this hotel in a heartbeat, the weather was amazing, at least 100 degrees everyday and only 2 - 3 days of on off rain. The Star friends and all the staff work extremely hard to make your stay wonderful. After reading some of the reviews beforehand I was a bit concerned that we had made a mstake in booking here. we have stayed at the IB Lindo, Tucan and Paraiso Beach in Mexico so were fairly familiar with Iberostar. We were not disappointed. I would take all reviews with a pinch of salt and go with an open mind, enjoy yourself and make your own opinions on this hotel. I have only been home 1 day and I already want to go back! Sorry for the long review!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SunIdol
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous I along with a friend have just returned from the Hotel Dominicana this week, After reading all the dreadful stories about this hotel, I felt I had to put something onto your site because I thing we must have gone to the wrong hotel.Right from the moment we arrived into reception we were greated with a drink and smiles from everyone. Whyen we were taken to our room, we discovered we had been given a room with a very large double bed. I returned to reception and said we were two ladies together and however good friends we were we didn't want to sleep in the same bed. This caused quite a laugh and without hesitation they upgraded our accommodation, we were whisked off into a golf cart along with our luggage to a bungalow.The food was really good with lots of choice, we dined at the Chinese Restaurant, Steak House, Hard Rock Cafe and also the Main Buffet Restaurant, again greeted with smiles from everyone, nothing too much trouble for any of themSome of the musical shows would not have been out of place on any London Stage, the professional singers and dancers wonderful.The gardens were beautifully kept with teams of gardeners delivered around the site every day to cut the grass and tend to the hedgerows and boarders.The Star Friends team kept everyone entertained with various activities from 10.30 am to 5.00pm with a brief break for their lunch, around the pool and beach area. They were then dressed in their stage clothes to greet everyone with a smile as they entered the main buffet area. After the mini club disco they went onto the stage and professionally entertained, when they were not on stage they paraded around the room asking people to dance, the evening entertainment finally finished around 11.00pm. The Team then turned their attention to the disco where they stayed until the early hours of the next day. These people made our holiday, we made friends with many of them, they knew our names and anything that was happening, we were encouraged to take part, they work extremely hard for very little pay but their favourite saying was I love my job and it showed. Our special thanks must go to Tony, Sergio, Wilson, Mac, Juan, Lucia, Ciao, Archie and not forgetting Richard, thanks very much to each and everyone of you, you were brilliant and true stars. I must add, we are not two teenagers, quite the opposite, but we were made to feel like we were. We have never returned anywhere we have been before, and only returned to England on 05.10.06. but we are already planning to go back to see them all again next year - see you in 2007.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>iberochick
<Content>%th Time and stil amazin!!!!! Love it!!!       The beach!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>60438
<Content>BEAUTIFUL PROPERTY Stayed Sep 20-27 on APPLE VACATION. The hotel and groundsare just beautiful and very well kept up. The staff does a wonderful job keeping the whole place immaculate. Everywhere you go you are greeted with a smile and an hola. Our Apple rep- Rafael was most helpful in booking tours, securing dinner reservation and taking care of every need including phone cards.Now the problem...Out of the five of us that went,3 got sick to the point of one having to go to the hospital in Bavaro for an IV for the extreme diarehia and dehydration that accompanied it. We all were very careful withwhat we ate and drank . But after an ambulace ride for 170.00, a clinic bill for 330.00, and the hospital bill 220..00 I would suggest to everyone to take out the travel insurance to cover illness. Everything had to be paid in full for any care received. We ate at the Mexican, gourmet and the steak house and the food was very good. The buffet had a lot to offer with a lot of variety. I would definitley return to iberostar but be extra careful of anthing I ate or drank The hotel is about 80 percent European and there is topless on the beach so its best to keep children at the pool area if your offended by this. tthe  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jdcole
<Content>Top Notch! My girlfriend and I have just returned from, what we consider, a fantastic holiday in the Dominican Republic. We stayed in the Iberostar Dominicana, Bavaro. The room-We booked only a basic double room and it was more than adequate. Large room, sky tv, telephone, mini bar (restocked daily with coca cola, sprite, fanta, diet coke, water -fizzy and still and beer. Room Service-The maid made up the room daily to an excellent standard with cuts of fresh flowers left in and around figures such as swans made from the bathroom towels.Maintence-During our stay we broke the hairdryer somehow. We left a maintence request that morning and went to the beach for a few hours. When we returned at dinner it had been repaired. Quick.Tipping-Remember to bring dollar bills if you intend to tip the maid daily. This is an expected tip. We tipped the maid on our departure. The only other people you may feel compelled to tip in the hotel are the porters.Hotel in General-The hotel in general was very clean and tidy. We never saw one area that looked unkept. The grounds are perfect, recieving constant attention from a team of gardeners. They appear to work very hard. All the staff in the hotel couldn't do enough for you. They are all so friendly, which was weird at first! Never once did we walked past a staff member who didn't acknowledge us with a warm smile and 'ola'.Meals/Resturants-The food was good. I can be a fussy eater at times but the choice available at the buffets always left me full to the brim. The chefs are more than happy to cook you anything to the way you like it. Great service. The waiting on staff are very quick and helpful. They never liked to see you glass get even half empty. We went to four of the resturants. La sibla, Pagonda, Mexican and Star Rock.La Sibla was nice. 6 courses of simple food. Not to everyones taste I suppose but for us it was very tasty and nicely presented. Check the menus before you book.Pagonda is the oriental resturant. I had chinese and my girlfiend had Tai. We both throughly enjoyed our meals here. The starter buffet was good too. We tried to book this resturant again but it was fully booked. Recommend.Mexican, this had been temporiliy moved to one of the day time buffetts but still every effort was made to make it feel like you were in a decent mexican themed resturant. The food wasn't to my liking but my girlfriend enjoyed it.Finally the Star Rock. An American themed diner. No reservation needed, it's first come first served. Nice enviroment and quick service. The meals were good. The starters were as good as meals themselves! Entertainment - After 10pm in the Star Rock there is a karoke, which we didn't go to, but apparently it's all good fun.We went to the on-site club on night, DC-6. Simple, but still a lil hive of activity. Don't know if I could of stayed a whole night there though. Bit boring But I am comparing it to UK bars/clubs.The Star Friends team. They seem to work so hard attempting to perfect their shows. We felt that the actual inperfections of the shows where what gave them a good comedy value and kept us watching. Some shows where better than others. You've got to go watch one, just to see.The beach-Gorgeous. Within 10 minutes of arriving in the resort we were on the beach jumping in the sea. The beach is made up of hundreds of palm trees along fine white sands with warm clear blue water lapping the shore line. The beach was very clean. Didn't expect anything less to be honest. Still had a wow factor to us. We walked about 6 miles along the coastline in both directions from the holiday and we felt our beach was definatly one of, if not, the nicest.Excursions/Activities - Outback Safari. Omar and Papi. A great day out to discover the real DR. Visiting a typical dominican home, a school, tabacco plantation and ranch for dinner. We enjoyed the taster sessions, were we sampled Mamajunana, the dominican cure for anything known too as a natural viagra. Fresh hot chocolate. And sugar cane. We also went boogie boarding on a beach that waves ripped up onto. It was really good fun. Omar and Papi the guides, were warm and open the questions. Two well humoured guys who would tell you all sorts of interesting information and would answer all the questions you could throw at them. Well recommended.Soana Island. A 2 hour bus ride to a habour village where you board a Catamaran and sail to the island whilst supping all the rum you can handle and if you like, dancing with the crew. The island itself is where the bounty chocolate adverts where filmed and it is gorgeous. A beach bbq for lunch, very nice. The return to the habour was made in a speed boat. This was excellent, a real laugh! On our return by speed boat we stopped in the middle of the ocean and we invited to jump overboard into waisthigh warm waters where lots of starfish lived. We picked them up, a truely memorble experience. We recommend this trip. The only downside is the long 2 hour coach trip to get to the habour and to return to the hotel.Santa Domingo. The captial city of the DR. So much culture and history to be absorbed. Visit the home of Deigo Columbus, son of Christopher. The first hosptial, cathedral and university of the America's. Spend a little time shopping or exploring before a typical dominican lunch at a buffett style bar. The only downside is the long coach trip to get there, approx 3 hours one way. Still for all who want to know more and learn a little more about the DR and its beginnings, a recommended trip. Parasailing. 85$ for two. Approx 15 mins up and well worth it, just for the photo opportunity. Great views, really appreciate the land a coastline beauty.Kayaking. Free for one hour a day at the hotel. Give it a go. Tiring but a laugh!Snorkelling. Most of the reef along the coastline is dead but big, small and colourful fish still gather in large schools and will happily swim along with you. Interesting, great for an underwater camera shot.Conclusion (Because this could go on forever!)We loved it. We will stay with Iberostar again. We don't like to return to the same place twice but I would seriously consider the same resort again. You'll love it.Oooo one bad point. Upset stomachs are common. I suffered from day 2 of our holiday and its now day 18 of my unsettled guts! I've been to the doctors now and I'm waiting test results, but really don't lock yourself away. Take some tablets that prevent anything and everything and don't be moaners! Get out there and enjoy the caribbean!!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>StLou
<Content>Nice Resort-But We All Got Sick The resort itself-very nice. The beach was beautiful and we were never hasseled by vendors. Plenty of chairs  plenty of shade if you want it. The pool was very nice. It is a very family friendly resort and there were too many kids for my liking running around the pool. No big deal, we knew there would be kids there so we just hung out at the beach. (Another couple from our city actually changed resorts after 2 days because of the kids, but we didn't think that was necessary.)Rooms were big and clean. Staff was very friendly and attentive.The ground surrounging the resort were fantastic.The food was average. Honestly, it's typical for an all-inclusive resort. Not bad and not great. Just food. As far as specialty restraunts, we liked the Oriental the best. Steak house was bad. Mexican TASTED good, but didn't settle well later. Ugh! I've stayed at places in the past where the food was better, but I've also stayed at places where it was worse.Now, if I could stop here, I could really give the place an above average to excellent overall rating, HOWEVER:There were 6 of us that went (all adults) and we ALL got sick. It ranges from varying degrees of sickness from just stomach sickness to stomach sickness with fever and nausea. I had read on here this was a problem at this resort. This is the best I can tell you...I did not get in the pool, I did not use their water to brush my teeth OR even wash my face. I used bottled water. I did shower in it, but was super cautious not to get it on my face or mouth. I did not drink any mixed drinks. Just beer. I even brought Lysol and disinfected my room when I arrived. I used hand sanitizer on occassion. I stayed clear of buffet foods that I thought might be contaminated like cold cuts and perishibles. (Mind you, the buffet is open air and the food sits out for a few hours in the heat.) I was the extra careful one and I was the last one of the group to get sick, but I still got sick none-the-less. There is tons of bottled water available so this isn't an issue. I wish I had answer. All I know is that going to work today wasn't too much fun. Nothing like darting out of a meeting 8 times in an hour to go to the bathroom! Hopefully we all kick this soon.I know some people have gone and not got sick so it's just a role of the dice. If I would guess, I'd say even more than food poisoning or water contamination, it's probably more related to unsanitary food handling practices by the staff. UGH! I can honestly say I would not go back there, but I also don't regret going either. We did not do any excursions because there was always two or three people in our group on any given day that could not get out of bed or could not be far from the toilet.Best of luck in your travels and I hope this helps.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>LarryFlanery
<Content>Great Time in Punta Cana       BEACH  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>XxRichardxX
<Content>"fantastic resort" Great hotel, I cannot fault this resort.The room was good, kept well clean, the maids did a great job,had probs with tap and air con but soon rectified.Resturant was clean and well presented and the food was exellent, although a second glass of wine was somtimes slow to be served.Pool area was very nice and clean and a dip in the pool was most enjoyable.Bars around the complex were well tended and we were quickly served the entertainment was ok, typical hotel but they worked hardThe resort itself was huge and you could walk along the beach in both directions the one way led to a market which you could browse they were very friendly folk but you had to barter, the beach outside the hotel was very busy and crowded as was the beach bar , sea was concerning with the motorised sport and the swimmers clashing .It was very hot and it did rain on a few occasons but it didn't spoil things.Yes this hotel was fantastic and the staff worked very very hard to keep it that way.ps look out for the flamingo's, peacocks, toads fish and terrapins and the white cockerel  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelfan33
<Content>Beautiful, but not true Dominicana style Overall, our stay at the Dominicana Iberostar was very good and we enjoyed our stay. Keep that in mind when you are reading some of the negatives that I thought were important to post. When you arrive off the plane, there is a friendly greeting of live music and you are quickly shuffled through customs...after taking a picture with the fruit-hat-wearing girls. There is a $10 customs fee immediately and then they take away the ticket they just gave you five feet after that. We did not pay for an advanced transfer from the airport to the hotel and simply hopped in a cab for a much much cheaper price. All of the people we were staying with were jealous that we paid $20 (US) total for two people, where they paid $70 (US) for one person. (Of course we agreed on this price with the cab driver before entering the cab.) The drive takes you down what feels like the only road on the island, which shows shacks on the side of the road and not much else. Occassionally there is an intersection and there is the usual US-intrusion of Burger King and the such. The hotel is beautifully landscaped with a gorgeous beach. The sand looks like brown sugar and the water is a stunning torquoise color. The food is nothing to brag about, but does the trick. We ate at almost all the restaurants, but were only allowed to do this because we were part of a wedding. I heard that it was difficult to get reservations. We drank the bottle water that was supplied in the room refrigerator (and it was unopened and sealed), but our stomachs were still not good. We have traveled to 28 countries and this one (even more so than Mexico, but not half as badly as Turkey) really did the trick on our stomachs. I took Immodium AD for 3 out of the 4 days that we were there, and still never felt quite right. Our gaseous bellies lasted for a good week or so after we returned from the trip as well.There were shows to see each night (if you like that kinda thing). We watched one show (dancing and singing in Spanish), but our group wound up having to leave before it ended because it was just too dang hot and even the cool drinks weren't helping.There are plenty of vendors to visit. This was the most annoying part of the trip. The vendors were allowed into the resort so you are constantly being touched and talked to by vendors trying to sell you something. After 4 days, I was quite annoyed with this. There is no option to get away from this either, no shortcut, no quiet walkway. It is constant. Our room had trouble with blowing fuses and the air conditioning was kept at about 78 degrees, but this really didn't bother us at all. We expected to be in a third-world country and we were in Paradise compared to what we expected. We are from Florida though and we were extremely hot when outside so use that as a comparison. We spent one afternoon snorkeling straight off the beach. It was beautiful, but it not as gorgeous as Cayman or other Caribbean places we have snorkeled. Our friends went on a snorkeling tour on a day-long boat tour and loved it. My husband used one of the free kayaks for an hour and enjoyed that. Our friends used the free catamaran and had a great time.We had read about bringing your own suntan lotion and were happy that we had done so. It was very expensive to buy in the stores. The pools are wonderful, but loud and crowded with children so we chose the beach, which is crowded with adults. Very nice chairs are provided, but unlike other resorts we've stayed at, there isn't anyone walking around offering drinks. If you're not an alcohol drinker, then drinks can be hard to find at certain points in the day. Again, the beach and its view is gorgeous and we enjoyed spending our days relaxing on the beach. Contrary to some posts, there are topless sunbathers at the beach, but nobody was totally naked. As a final note, on our way out of the Dominican Republic, we arranged for a taxi to bring us back to the airport by booking with the front desk (the cab driver gave us his business card). It was very noticeable that there was no longer a rush to push you through customs and the customer service is not quite the same on the way out. You are charged another customs fee, which I believe is $20 (US). Be prepared because it is cash only. This is where you also purchase the picture you took on the day you arrived for only $7...if you want it. There is a food court in the airport with a Burger King, a pizza place, and a Chik Fil-A. Give yourself plenty of time for getting from the hotel to the airport and most importantly to the gate. We allotted three hours and had to run to our gate. Two and a half of those hours was spent waiting in the customs line. On the contrary, it took 10 minutes to get through customs on the way in. I guess they're anxious to get our money and not anxious to see us leave! ;)I know that was long, but I hope it was helpful.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>norbai
<Content>response to midlands family report this is just a response for the midlands family regarding my views of the hotel, as they well know my wife was ill for 6 days and they were also aware of other people ill, in response why stay for a third week the hotel itself offered us the third week free to make up for the lost week, with the assurance that our food woulddirectly fromthe kitchen.As your views have come back quite personal, pretty brave on websitespeedos it wasnt a personal thing as i mentioned directly to you face to face i thought they looked stupid nothing personal my preference, also on the topless side which again you took personal, it was mainly aimed at those who decided to come into the pool area be it for food or drink, without consideration again your pretty touchy, lets just agree to disagree opinions differ, but to be perfectly honest, im sure if your wife had been ill for 6 days your outlook would be different, once again my report i put was no different than i said to you directly, but then again its quite big of people to be brave behind a report, just for your personal note- iberostar have been in touch with us since we came home and have apologised again for the food poisoning of my wife, they are now reviewing all their food handling procedures, due to the many people who fell ill, you stick to your speedos and next time you have a personal issue, say it to their face somehow i doubt that,  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CK72
<Content>Loved it, but some minor nits After utilizing tripadvisor so heavily, I feel I should contribute back to the group as soon as possible. I just got back yesterday, after spending a week at the Punta Cana/Dominicana, and here are the highlights. The trip was my wife and I, and 2 kids (4 yrs, 18 months)Room: I emailed a request for staying at a 6000 series wing (a new wing on the punta cana side of the resort, wven though the reservation was with Dominicana). The rooms were large, very clean, well airconditioned. We tipped the maid $2 everyday. She did a great job of keeping the rooms clean, and mini bar well stocked with extra waters. No complaints at all. Furnishings are basic but reasonably comfortable.Food: There was a terrific amount of variety, but overall we didn't care too much about the overall taste, which tended to be on the bland side. The worst part was the staple juices (pineapple, orange, apple). They were something artificial, like Tang. The fruits were hit and miss. (Mangoes good, pineapple not so much) Given the earlier reviews, this wasn't surprising, but I was happy that not even the kids got sick. Out of the speciality restaurents, we liked the Oriental.Kids/Entertainment: With two small kids we mostly focused on the kids entertainment stuff. The kids camp is a bit basic, but Lali, who runs the camp was unbelievable. My 4 year old got incredibly attached to her, and she has genuine affection for the kids. She was the high point of the visit. I wish the hotel would invest a bit more in the programme to support her. (air conditioned room for example). Given the general median age of kids at the camp (7/8), the overall content skews a little older.Beach/Pools/Premises/Staff - All fantastic. The kiddie pool was great as well. Overall the grounds were very well maintained. The staff seemed happier than the employees at Disneyworld, and very helpful.Excursions: We went to Manati park, which was just OK. The kids enjoyed the dolphin show, but that was pretty much it.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kingspeedo
<Content>Chilled and still smiling!!! Stayed at the Dominicana 26/ 07/06 until 9/8/06 , for a family holiday (two adults and two children) Generally found this accomodation to be good. Rooms were spacious( we had twin rooms) which were clean initially and cleaned every day to a very acceptable standard. The Maids towel sculptures fascinated our children.Gardens were beautiful and well tended to. Gardeners work really hard. The Peacocks, George the Rooster and the Flamingo's provide a relaxing addition to the gardens. Watch out for falling coconuts. I did manage to see one in two weeks!In our opinion the food on offer offered a large variety, if you are staying for 2 weeks your always going to see something repeated. The answer to that is choose something else that you haven't sampled yet, it was easy enough to do. To be honest there were some foods that i did not even get to sample. Our son is a fussey eater and he still managed to find something different to eat on every visit to the restaurant. And yes there are chips.If your expecting the food to taste the same as at home, stay at home, its always going to be different isn't it.My Stomach did get slightly upset 4 days into the holiday , but then i always do, the rest of my family were fine , perhaps its over indulgence when its all inclusive.  I must admit the drinks were the strongest spirit wise that i have tasted in an all inclusive hotel, it was never a problem to get the insulated mugs replenished with drinks at the beach bars. This review is rather positive at the moment and will continue to be, but one thing that really did infuriate me was the inability of certain holiday makers to go straight for a gap at the bar ignoring the queue. The bar staff did point out the errors of their ways to a few of these wonders. Not forgeting the pair of gems that rearranged tables and chairs into a space in the star show (entertaimnment)and block my childrens view. Priceless!The beach has beautiful fine white sand cleaned every day, the sea had a tendency to be a little choppy, the wind giving quite a nice breeze. This did slightly affect the visibilty of the snorkelling however the fish don't tend to come within 20 metres of the beach here unlike in Egypt. Dressol divers were absolutely brilliant with my 12 year old daughters' scuba training, supporting and encouraging her in the sea dives.Star friends Daytime outdoor entertainment ran a full programme of events from 10:30 in the morning until 16: 30 . Most times there were numerous simultaneous events going on, shooting ,archery aerobics,so, for the energetic amongst you there is never a dull moment.As one of the speedo brigade myself , i like as full a tan as possible, not one that looks like i'm wearing long socks in the shower. Perhaps the style guru's on here can advise me in the errror of my ways.Topless was not a problem to me, or my family, i did not see anyone around the pool topless, yes on the beach but to be honest most of the children were around the pool and would not have been exposed (Parden the pun) to this preference of sunbathing. There is no ban on topless at the beach only at the poolside.The Star friends work long days and are still smiling at the end of the night, putting a huge ammount of effort in to the shows, yes some can be abit sexual, but hey it was after 10 oclock at night.With reference to the negatives posts on this site, if it was that bad why try and stay a third week!!!!! Maria Victoria the assistant manager was a star, any problem was quickly and professionally dealt with. All I can suggest is that you go with an open mind and go to enjoy your holiday, I relaxed so much i found it so difficult to get back into normality on my return.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>bostonbill
<Content>would never go back Extremely late review. My wife and I stayed here the last weekend of May. I just felt as though I should warn others of the problem [big problem we encountered]. The hotel is nice, the beach is beautiful, and the rooms are a little worn.The food was OK and the grounds were beautiful.Now the big big problem, and maybe it was just an isolated problem that no one else has encountered.While we were there, my wife kept waking up in the morning with what looked like bug bites on her upper leg.Over the course of a few days she developed a rash.We then went to see the hotel doctor and were told that it was some type of heat rash and would go away with calamine lotion. It got itchier and itchier and would not go away even with the lotion.Upon returning home she went to our doctor and was absolutely horrified to find out she had contracted scabies.He gave her cream to apply and it went away over the course of a few weeks, but never the less we were told that the doctor down in D.R. must have known immediatly what it was because the markings are very obvious.It ruined what would of been a nice trip. We have been to other iberostars and never had a problem, but like I say it may have been one persons lack of cleanliness.I:E maid not cleaning sheets on bed or masuesse using dirty linnins or possibly dirty towels, and it could happen anywhere.Nevertheless we will not return.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	-1	2	3	-1	

<Author>Shephda
<Content>Only go if you don't like food but like the Europeans My wife and I just returned from a 3 day stay at the Dominicana. The following are the pluses: Service personnel were extremely attentive. The beach was beautiful with soft sand that did not burn your feet and the water was perfect.The following are neither positive or negative: The rooms were okay. Clean but not spectacular.The following are the negatives: No room service whatsoever. The drinks served at the bar were very small and not much alchohol was included. They did not have a wide range of drinks to choose from. There was no swim-up bar. They need far more pool lounge chairs.. both with and without shade. They need far more beach lounge chairs. The food was not good at all. Mediocre at best. The hotel caters to Europeans which is not necessarily a negative unless you are American. There is a distinct difference in cultures. The entertainment is cheesy.All in all I would not go here. The RIU Palace (about 1 mile down the shoreline) is a much better hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>kathiswitzerland
<Content>An excellent family hotel with one or two flaws My husband and I (60+) stayed twice at the Dominicana and found the resort excellent: rooms, staff, food, animation, beach! As Iberostar is an international hotel chain, I am surprised that Amercian guests are complaing that there are only 20% US guests or that hamburgers do not taste like hamburgers at all!! Although suffering from weak stomachs, we never had any stomach problems there. We avoid drinks with ice, leaf salads, mayonnaise sauces on anything, sweets with milk or cream filling. And moreover as hard as it sounds: go slow on fruits! At home, we do not eat that many fruits and our stomachs are therefore not used to it. (That was the advise our rep gave us and we followed it) One complaint after our second stay is not the hotel itself but the the quality of guests which has has deteriorated somewhat. There are many mainly young boys and girls who find their greatest holiday pleasure in drinking too much alcohol. You see them hanging at the bar from after breakfast until the early morning hours coming back to the room totally drunk, continuing the partying in their room, waking up the other guests. And if this happens on 4 nights out of 7, it is not funny. You can call the reception to do something about it , but by that time your sleep is already gone! And the next night it is somebody else. This kind of clientele seems to be attracted by the hotel's regular special offers - last minute. This year, we have just been at another all inclusive resort. Their politics was: FREE DRINKS UNTIL 10:00 p.m. AFTER THAT: PAY FOR IT篓!Another very bad thing s the regular reserving of chairs and umbrellas at the beach. As early risers, we usually are at the beach by 9 o'clock in the morning and find 90% of the chairs already reserved - and nobody in sight until midday! The hotel forbids reservation of chairs, but nobody follows the rule. The hotel should really do something about it! Next time, we shalll try the next door Iberostar Bavaro. Pay a little more money but have a restful vacation!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ThemFromSlaidburn
<Content>Wouldn't go back Ok. So this was our first trip to the Dominican Republic, us being my wife, our 6 year old son, twin daughters aged 15 and myself. It was booked through Thomas Cook in February and seen as a bargain, with there being so many of us. A family holiday (almost all of us - eldest son is USA while we're away!!) in the Caribbean at a price almost 拢2000 cheaper than other islands seemed to beg us to book it. There are consequently two elements to this review; the hotel, and The Dominican Republic itself.Before I start on either though, a 鈥渃oncern鈥?about our My Travel rep, Emma. During the transfer we were informed that of all the places she had visited she came back to The Dominican Republic to live three years ago. She then said about the poverty and the complete lack of education and that most people learn to speak other languages by listening to the television. During our 鈥渙utback safari鈥?(see below) we were told about the education system from the age of 6 up to 16, and shown the primary school in every village. In fact, we were also told of the percentages that pass through the system up to 22% graduating from universities. So 鈥?who is right, the 鈥渞ep鈥?who鈥檚 been there three years, or the 鈥渓ocal鈥?guide who is of Dominican descent? Doesn鈥檛 look good for the rep.Firstly the country.I must admit I was a little wary of this holiday. I'm more of a doer than a 鈥渟it and bake鈥?person. The thought of the heat also concerned me at first, but after surviving (easily) temperatures of 41 deg C in Luxor at Easter, I thought this would be easier. With the Dominican Republic, it's not so much the heat as the humidity. Quite a shock to start with but after a while, one acclimatises to some degree. A normal temperature is about 30-32 deg C in the day, which is quite manageable but the humidity is over 70%!! Walking off the plane was quite a shock! However one is immediately hit with a beautiful Airport (Punta Cana in our case) with its palm leaf roof.The people are very friendly and a smile goes a long way if your Spanish is poor (or non existent in my case!) Transfer was smooth even though the bus was not quite what we expected. As mentioned above, we booked via Thomas Cook, but the tickets were issued through Airtours - part of the MyTravel group. This could explain the cost cutting bus (and trailer for the cases) against Thomas Cook's 鈥減roper鈥?coaches as we鈥檙e used to seeing.The Dominican Republic is still a developing country with tourism being a very big trade on an island where the average wage is around $150 (USD) per month! There's a lot of money being made in this trade and I'm not convinced it's being fed back to the islanders yet.As an example of this, the only trip my wife, son and I did together was called outback safari with Coco Tours (via our rep). It was a full day tour 9:20 pick up and returned about 5pm. There was a lot of driving around (on the bad The Dominican Republic roads) with 20 of us on the back of a lorry with our guide, Sammy. Every so often he would break out with his happy hour song and deal out the cola, water and beer. To his credit he was good but... We visited a typical The Dominican Republic home, which Outback Safari pay them for, then to a ranch for a buffet lunch of rice, beans and chicken. After lunch we were presented with a showcase of company merchandise (t-shirts, hats etc). Then it was on to a stop where we were allowed to try fresh bananas (and they were excellent 鈥?Tesco鈥檚 will never taste the same!!) and we saw some caged baby crocodiles, iguanas and tarantulas and offered another chance to buy; this time coffee, Mama Juana (a drink made from honey, red wine herbs and rum - you've really got to try it!!) and rum, but I felt they where over priced. I thought our hotel shop was cheaper but I could be wrong here. From here, it was on to a typical (ha!) grocery store, to buy cigars, etc and more rum. However, the store seemed to be staffed by the Outback Safari guides (felt very odd!) From here we then went to spend an hour at Macao beach - when we're already staying at hotels on the beach front. (The big niggle here is that there was this HUGE beach, miles of it, but we were only allowed to use about 100yds of it! To me, it wasn鈥檛 that clean either. I stayed by the lorry in the shade!)This in itself probably sounds pretty typical, but the rub is, there were 5 lorries with 20 people on each. At $80 each that鈥檚 $8000 a day - every day - $56,000 per week. Some people are getting very rich off this and a lot of islanders are staying poor at $34 per week.The money presented another strange feeling for me too. The Dominican Republic has its own currency, the Peso, but they accept USD every where and worryingly a lot of prices (if not all) quote USD too. Surely the country should be presenting its own currency and not selling out, so to speak, to it's big neighbour. At the airport, I paid in Pesos and got USD as change! As with a lot of countries like this tipping is a necessary part of the holiday to enable the people to earn something decent.The part of the country we saw was very beautiful, but it鈥檚 very samey. When you've seen one banana tree, you've seen them all - although there are 14 type of banana grown on the island. The one thing that really disappoints is the beaches; not so much the beaches themselves, for they are truly postcard things of white sand and turquoise waters, but their (temporary) inhabitants; Costa Del Caribbean; topless on the beaches 鈥?which is not necessary anywhere, and especially when you鈥檝e got children with you. What kind of a world are we presenting to them? I didn't fly 9 hours to a tropical paradise to find mainland Spain. Why do people have to go to these places just to get drunk and suntanned? Even at the pool at lunchtime, we overheard two boys saying well they're in there getting p鈥?d, so we'll go and ... Tropical paradise sold out to commercialism, so the hotel owners can make a fat buck while the real workers earn next to nothing.Anyway, on to...The hotel.Generally excellent, our only serious reservation being the kid's club - but I'll come to that later.Our hotel, the Iberostar Dominicana is the central one of three in the Iberostar complex. They are marketed in the brochures as three separate hotels, though we soon found that where one starts and another finishes was anyone's guess. As all Iberostar guests can use the facilities of the others, I can't understand how ours can be a 5* Marque of Excellence and next door a 4*. This aside, it as a lovely hotel. Constant cleaning and maintenance of both the buildings and the grounds made it feel that Iberostar treat it with respect, and as an investment. Any faults reported with the room (which were few and far between) were fixed almost immediately. Different crews milling around the complex with different uniforms doing different jobs - maintaining the gardens, painting, cleaning and the dreaded animation team.The thing which struck me most on arrival, was the lack of external walls on the main building.- it looked like a suspended roof! Weird but with hindsight, essential to maintain airflow. The food was generally superb, with the exception of my wife and I having food poisoning for 3 days before going to see the onsite doctor (who covered it with a diagnosis of gastro enteritis, and a course of antibiotics). We only found out about the poisoning the day before we left when someone else told us there'd been 40 cases, all covered up as it were, but these were not confirmed. We were told it was the fish, though we are of the opinion it was one particular cereal as my wife tried a little of this again on our morning of departure, and now feels ill again on the plane going home. This out of the way however, the rest of the food was excellent. It was very varied on a daily basis, with some basics (pizza, chips, breads, mash, sliced cheeses, cold meats) there daily.In addition to the main buffet restaurants, there are 4 a la carte restaurants; tropical, steak house, Mexican and oriental. By far the best was the Mexican on sheer quality of food alone. By the same token, by far the worst was the oriental in which virtually all our main courses were barely warm. The quality of the flat steak in the Mexican was phenomenal 鈥?the food in the other two was average. The only down side to the Mexican was there was no air-conditioning and it was rather too warm, but if I had the chance to eat at any of them again 鈥?this would be the one!The staff everywhere were superb. Everyone friendly, everyone happy to help. Pleasant, smiling and almost grateful that you were there. A tip of 100 Pesos every other day kept flowers in the room and towels turned into swans. Talking of the room 鈥?it was good; a nice air-conditioned retreat from the humidity, with two large beds and a 鈥渓ounge鈥?area facing out through patio doors onto our balcony. Fridge with mini bar and filter coffee machine. The notice said the bar would be topped up every two days, but it was done daily with beer, Coke (and Diet 鈥?or 鈥淐oke Light鈥?is it is there) Sprite, Fanta and water. A huge 5 litre water bottle was also provided, mainly I presume for the coffee machine, for which we were given two packets (daily) of Santo Domingo ground coffee 鈥?supposed to be the best on the island, and it was actually very good coffee (coming from a coffee snob!). Again, the tips help to up this to three packets on occasions. The air-con and ceiling fan kept the room nice and cool - essential when you consider the night time temperature only drops by three degrees or so鈥?br/>Everyone you pass says 鈥淥la鈥?(hello) and greets you with a smile. On site tennis courts are free to use for an hour a day 鈥?but in this heat, be wary of the whole hour! At an all inclusive hotel one normally expects the alcohol to be watered down, but not here. Full strength Rum and the island鈥檚 best beers on tap from 9am 鈥?goes back to my comments about why people go there I suppose. However, a rum or two while relaxing, or perhaps a real Pina Colada, don鈥檛 go amiss!On thing that I always fail to understand is why hotels insist on an 鈥渁nimation team鈥? Constant banal activities bordering on the obscene (sometimes) all in the name of entertainment. Presenting this when children are around the complex beggars belief. Are we showing them this is acceptable behaviour? When you see people taking part in these it make you wonder what they do for a job when not making fools of themselves! Aerobics on the beach, aerobics in the pool, 鈥渟alsa鈥?dancing by the pool (in swimwear 鈥?I ask you!) makes me ashamed that I鈥檓 there at all. Association by proximity. I鈥檓 not part of this 鈥?I鈥檝e come to relax! It all goes back to the question about who really goes there and why?As I mentioned above, our only serious concern was the kids club, or Lucy鈥檚 Club as it is referred to in the hotel. Our son spent a number of half days there, and the occasional full day, as well as full days with us.On the first day our son (who loves mixing with new people) was keen to try the club. This particular afternoon involved pool games. As we left the clubhouse, I informed the person in charge that he was not a good swimmer. When we saw our daughters that evening, they informed us that they had seen him at the pool, playing games and saw him wander out of his depth and disappear under the water 鈥?to the complete ignorance of the person in charge. Luckily one of our daughters was close enough to jump in to pull him out, but had it not been for her quick actions I shudder to think of the consequence. A few points stand out here. Firstly, why were we not informed of this incident when we picked him up? Secondly, why was he not being supervised properly? We never got satisfactory answers to either of these questions, but feel that it was taken as a 鈥渨ake-up鈥?call and that they were more vigilant from here on in. He loved the rest of the holiday, but we had two other issues. On day 12, they were taken to the archery place as had happened before, and with him he took his usual bag for his wet clothes, a dry change of clothes etc and, forgotten by us, he had put his fully used camera in one of the pockets. He was brought back from archery by a different 鈥渢eam member鈥?as the main one was off rehearsing for the evening performance (abysmally mimed, I鈥檓 led to believe) of Chicago. No check was made that all possessions were gathered up and he left without his bag, which has never been recovered despite being reported immediately, and it having my mobile telephone number in clear view in the front pocket. Then on the last day, he went for a half day in the afternoon. We were relaxing by the pool so we told him that when he changed out of his clothes into his trunks for the pool games, he was to bring his clothes to us to look after them. The supervisor brought most of them, then we never saw anyone all afternoon. We checked round the pool 鈥?no one there. We checked football (his next activity). Not there. It took us another hour to find him, in the care of another team member because the main one was again rehearsing for something. He had spent most of the afternoon without hat or shirt under a baking sun and was so pink he was almost luminous. No-one in charge seemed to care. Luckily, next day he seemed none the worse for it and our fears of sun stroke were allayed; just two lightly sore arms. On our last morning, as we were checking out, we finally got to speak to the animation manager who apologised profusely (and genuinely) and who was not impressed with what we had to tell him. However, it was too late for him to investigate and report back to us as we were leaving soon after. From these experiences, we would never leave him there again, and feel lucky, that he is still with us, unharmed. We would also not recommend the use of the club, unless supervision is improved dramatically.On the whole a rather disappointing holiday, and not somewhere we would want to return to, though our teenage daughters loved it.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Sbraga
<Content>Good price-value relation Stayed at this hotel first week of August/06:+ Service (you don't need to tip to see a truthful smile on the faces of those people!)+ Beach+ Swimming Pool+ Drinks and cocktails (except Water or any soft drinks from the self-service machines - taste terribly bad!)+ Facilities- a la carte restaurants - except for gourmet restaurant - bad service and the food was in most cases the same as at the buffet...- night shows - except for one of the shows, the other ones were bad...- Beware of the local mafia when you book trips to saona: even if you book at the hotel, you always run the risk of being picked up by a fake agent who will try to sell you another trip...  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel0723
<Content>Great Hotel, but don't leave the hotel       Beautiful Landscaping  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>woodcock
<Content>ok if you like one place our family (son 12 )stayed at the dominicana for 2 weeks from 27th july, just to say ive been to DR now and won't return, the hotel facilities are execellent the grounds well maintained, the rooms fine, with clean bedding towels etc whenever needed.The food is ok but repetitive especially if you are staying for 14 days like we were.Entertainement was poor, nothing really jumped out to us and as an English family our son was bored to death as her had nothing to do, and most of the other guests were none english, a lot of spanish, french usa.the beach and pool areas are fantastic no complaints there, like a lot of other people we had upset stomachs and my son was ill in bed on arriving home for 2 days, Dont know were the problem lies as we were always careful with what we ate and drank.would be fine for a week but 2 weeks confined in one place is not for me  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pintodw
<Content>The good, the bad, and the ugly. I stayed at the Dominicana with my family 7/26-8/02. Overall, the resort had a very European flavor to it. The food was probably more comfortable for Europeans but I found enough to eat. I am not a big fan of Speedo bathing suits so had to put up with that all week, but that is the European way. My guess is that only 20% of the guests were from the US.The good: The facility is fabulous. The grounds are beautiful and meticulously kept. The staff is friendly and, when they understand english, helpful. The pools are beautiful and well maintained. The beaches are clean and expansive. The room was a good size and was well maintained by the staff throughout the stay. There was plenty to do for my kids. We spent about equal time at the beach and the pool. The ocean has more waves than I anticipated and so the kids enjoyed playing in the water. The food had some good and bad (see below for bad). There was tremendous variety and although a lot of the food was scary, there was enough for me to find to be happy with. My wife had a harder time finding food that she liked. The kids also had some trouble finding good food. However, food was always readily available. The best place for lunch was not the main food place at the beach, but farther down the beach at the evening steak house. They had a relaxed uncrowded atmosphere with good food for lunch. The scuba diving was good but not the usual 100 foot visibility I am used to in the Carribean (more like 40-60 feet depending on the day). The best dive was on the wreck clearly visible from shore. For airport transfers I contacted Silva Transportation directly and for 7 of us it was $75 each way in a private airconditioned van. They were waiting for us whan we got off the plane and no problem getting us to the airport on time for departure. The watersports were fun (and free) with high-quality well-maintained Hobie Cats and ocean kayaks.The bad:The food had some flaws. The fruit was disappointing. Generally not ripe and lacking in variety. They apparently don't have oranges in the DR, because the OJ was more like Tang. Not the fresh squeezed I was expecting (like Cancun). The food overall catered more to the Europeans than the Americans. The specialty restaurants were good but not great. Avoid the Hard Rock wanna-be. It was lousy. The open bar was nice but the quality of the drinks was so-so. Fortunately the local beer is decent, cause it's the only one you can get. The diving overall was good, but we were treated like dive students. They are overly cautious and make you stay right with a dive master. We actually had one dive master leading us and another behind us on one of the dives (can you say moo?) I was half expecting someone to come and adjust my BC during a dive. The beach is very European. I was surprised at the amount of toplessness. It wasn't limited to stationary sunbathers -- there were plenty of women walking the beaches with their tops off. If you have kids beware. I realize this is a cultural difference between Europe and America, but I am an American and it made me uncomfortable, especially having children there. The pool is supposed to be no topless but the rule was frequently broken. The internet is expensive -- $5 per 1/2 hour.The ugly: Half of our group came down with traveler's diarrhea despite the fact that we never left the resort.. You need to ask yourself if you are willing to take a chance on losing 1-2 days of your vacation by coming here. We spoke with other Americans and it was the same story with everyone -- half of the Americans came down with traveler's diarrhea. My understanding is that this problem is not limited to Iberostar, but is common throughout the resorts. The most distressing part is that traveler's diarrhea comes from an entero-toxic E. Coli bacteria that isn't supposed to be in food or water. It is a colon bacteria. Why I am I getting infected by a colon bacteria when I eat and drink the food at the resort? The answer is that there are some hygeine/cleanliness problems. For this reason alone I would not come back to the DR and would not suggest it to others.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tweedie000
<Content>Just ok!!!! From Connecticut Ok I am writing this review to say thank you to all the people who posted and told me to bring Pepto and Imodium...If you bring nothing else please bring these two items. I have a very strong stomach but needed both items. Not sure what gave me the problem because nothing tasted bad and I never drank the tap water. Just different from what my body is accustom to I guess. I never became sick but needed a bathroom close to wherever I was. And there were plenty of them. :).... Now for the review. We had a few problems with the check in but that was no fault of the resort. Our booking agent did not let the hotel know that there were four people traveling together and we ended up in two different resorts. Us in the Dominica and our friends in the Bavaro. Marie the front desk manager took care of that and upgraded us to the Bavaro (THANK GOD). However we still only had the privilege of the Dominica. Quick note...our wrist bands were blue and the Bavaro was white. Just turn the blue around and make white..it worked all week. We were able to eat and drink as if we were in the Bavaro. Which has MUCH MUCH better food and drinks. The food: Breakfast was the best, we ate at the beach buffet all week, lunch too. We had dinner three nights in the specialty restaurants the buffet was much better. The steak place right on the beach was the best of the three. Gourmet lobster place if you like Caribbean rock lobster eat there if not STAY AWAY. The oriental place was good but again liked the buffet's better. The buffet in the Bavaro that is. On our last night we forgot to turn our wrist band around and were told to leave (boo hoo) we then went to the Dominica for dinner it was horrible. So a few hours later we went back to the Bavaro buffet. As for the drinks, they do not know how to make them. If you are looking for a strawberry daiquiri forget about it that goes for most frozen drinks. The Dominican Rum, is there an alcohol content? Some top shelf alcohol only in the lobby bars and the casino but if you drink them with soda forget about it. I swear there is no seltzer in the soda there, so it tasted pretty bad. There for I drank beer all week. Night life was pretty hokey and not very enjoyable except for Mr. and Mrs. Iberostar that was fun. Casino is small and not very forgiving. As I read the tables are something to stay away from. A man who is a dealer in Vegas caught the dealer cheating and the response was hey you are in a foreign country just let it go. WOW...One slot that keep paying off is the Cash Cow second machine on the left not thousands but keeps you playing. If you want a bigger casino take a walk on the beach to the RIU. The beach was beautiful, fine sand and waves. The water is not as clear as the picture and there are waves therefore seaweed did not expect that. If you are looking for Caribbean water this is not it. However the water is cool so it is refreshing when you get in. They do clean the beach every morning. I was up and on the beach at 7 everyday.Best time to be there peaceful and quiet. You do NOT need to get up early for a hut there are plenty. However, if you want to be in the front on the water yes you need to get up early. 8:am at the latest. People do get up early and leave there stuff on the chairs. One thing if you want non motorized water sports they are FREE for one hour a day not many people knew that. but make reservations in advance they book quick, especially the sailing. We did not run into one mosquito we had 4 bottles of off and forgot to bring them but did not need them. yes to the sunscreen bring plenty the sun is powerful.ABSOLUTELY don't forget your drink bottles. The cups are small and the ice melts as soon as you get your drink. They have no problem filling up the bottles. We brought snacks and really did not need them there is plenty of food at all times. LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT THE COFFEE.... THE BEST I HAVE EVER HAD. I am a coffee drinker and I could not stop drinking the coffee. I wish I bought some for 3 bucks because I am ordering it on line and it will cost me 6-7. So if you like coffee bring some home with you.Now the most important thing I see if you decide to visit Punta Cana. LEARN SPANISH they are not English friendly and this caused some serious problems. Our friends had two major problems and could not get any help. Thank you to the Jersey folks who gave my friend that Parlamilk. If you are traveling for the first time it is a nice place, however if you travel frequently, as do me and my husband, you may not like it too much. We did not have a horrible time but will not go back. For the first time in my travel history I was glad to be home. It is cheep but you get what you pay for. All inclusive yes but the drinks suck and the food well not the best. One last note if you do go please please stay in the Bavaro it is more expensive but WORTH THE MONEY. BRING PLENTY OF PEPTO AND IMODIUMoh ya be prepared for topless women America is 4 in the chain of tourism there, it is a European destination for sure.Peace out..in Connecticut  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	1	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>ScotDocs
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! Fantastic Holiday! We have just returned from 2 weeks at the Iberostar Dominicana and had a fantastic hoilday. This was our first time in the DR and doing all inclusive and we would definitely do both again especially if it was an Iberostar hotel. Our party consisted of myself, husband and 3 children aged 12, 14 and 16.ROOMS-arrived to find our children had been upgraded by the hotel to a Suite next door to ours which was great,. The Suites were set apart in the grounds (which were beautiful) and were spacious and well decorated. They had coffee maker, iron and board, 3/4 bath (no plug), a safe for rental, hairdryer etc. There was no musty smell as some other reviews have commented. The Mini bar was refilled daily as was our childrens and any problems were dealt with immediately if we left a note in Spanish for the maid.FOOD-was pentiful and full of variety. We enjoyed the buffet meals and were able to eat there without repetition. In fact my daughters complaint was that they did not repeat her favourite salad! If you were a vegetarian who did not eat fish you may struggle for main courses as the food was very meat  fish based. We used up all our a la carte reservations and thoroughly enjoyed them as well. We were able to book more than our quota either by asking in the morning at Guest Services (we became very friendly with the girl there) or asking the restaurant managers at night. My husband speaks a little Spanish and it worked wonders! We couldn't understand the booking system as often we were told we had the last booking and yet the restaurants weren't full. Be aware there is a dress code-long trousers for men. We saw people being turned away in shorts. The beach BBQ and Steakhouse were great at lunch especially the paella. They also did a Dominican soup/stew one day-very tasty!DRINKS-plentiful cocktails, sangria, fruit juices, beer etc with little queueing. There were also premium brands at the lobby bars if requested. The ice and water at the dinner tables and bars is safe . We had no problems at all with it. The water in DR is heavily mineralised-you can smell it- and there is no way there was tap water in the jugs or ice cubes as it would have been easily detected.POOLS AND ENTERTAINMENT-Pools were excellent as was the sea and snorkelling. We took our own equipment and found the snorkelling was great although it would be better with another 20 yards swimming area over the reef before the boat lane. Go to the RHS of the beach (Bavaro end) for best snorkelling. We also sailed catamarans, canoed, played water sports, tennis etc. There was always plenty to do from Spanish lessons to shooting, water polo etc. The staff worked very hard even putting on shows in the pool as well. The night time entertainment in the Dominicana was too cheesy for us but the Punta Cana had good bands playing. It was pleasant to end the evening at the beach bar looking over the ocean. The children enjoyed the Star Rock cafe (pool, air hockey, TV) and the disco although it was aimed at an older age group. There was only 1 disco for teenagers when we were there and it would have been good to have had more of those. We met some great people and made good friends as did the children.TRIPS-we booked 2 trips through Thomas Cook -very pricey but worthwhile. We did the Mega Truck Safari which gave us an idea about the island and the people. Take small gifts-balls/clothes/pencils etc for the children. We also snorkelled with sharks and stingrays. A great experience but we could have done with more snorkelling and less 'entertainment' on the boat! Also everyone had to wear a flotation device which meant diving was difficult. Consequently I ended up with all our families whilst they dived! We would have liked to swim with dolphins but conditions for them were poor and we were advised against that. NB Manoti Park is heavily promoted by touts in the hotel. This is a small zoo nearby that has been condemned by the WWF for dire conditions.WEATHER-very hot and sunny despite it being rainy season. We had one daytime shower lasting about 10 mins-still warm and great to swim in! One overcast day which was a relief after all the high temperatures.DOWNSIDES-OK so we are spoiled in Scotland with the ban on smoking in public places but I couldn't believe the number of smokers and the number of people who smoked when others at their table were still eating! There are no separate smoking areas unfortunately.Also could not believe the number of rude guests. Even my children commented so it must be bad if teenagers, who have variable manners, noticed. It costs nothing to say please and thank you. The staff work incredibly hard for low wages and are always smiling ,friendly and helpful and it was good to acknowledge that. Only 2 minor quibbles and certainly not enough to ruin our holiday.In summary we had a fantastic holiday at a great hotel and we would certainly go back both to the DR and to an Iberostar hotel. Please feel free to e-mail with any questions.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic choice of hotel We have just returned from a fantastic week at the Dominicana.This was our first time to the DR and we are already planning our next trip! My advice is you cannot go wrong with this hotel.We travelled from Scotland and this was our first experience with all-inclusive.Our party consisted of myself,my wife and 2 kids, 14 and 11.We stayed in the junior suites which were well worth the small extra cost and were allocated 2 right on the beach-as requested at time of booking.The first thing to impress was how friendly the staff were.We were warmly greeted on arrival and given a chilled fruit drink,which was much appreciated in the 95 degree heat.We were then given thorough information on the hotel and its facilities.Then we were driven to our suites via golf caddy.Our rooms were large and spacious and very clean, but most importantly the air con worked a treat! The temperature was 30 degrees higher than what we're used to!Our fellow guests were equally as friendly and were a melting pot of nationalities.We got friendly with a great Scottish family-Guy,Sue and kids who were equally impressed with the hotel.Guy introduced me to the delights of snorkelling which by his opinion was the best he had done on his travels.This was free for 1 hour every day.The facilities in the hotel were brilliant.The swimming pools were beautiful and did not get too crowded.The pool nearest the beach is where the music and activities were played but at the further end pools it was more quiet.The daily towel service was great-no need to take your own.My son took full advantage of all the activities-we hardly saw him and my daughter and I even tried scuba diving in the hotel pool.This was also free.There was a great juice-bar at the poolside which served up about a dozen type of freshly squeezed fruit juices.The beach is magnificent.It is the best beach I have ever seen.Pure white powdery sand leading into 80 degree greeny blue water.It is fringed with hundreds of magnificent palm trees, some at 45 degree angles-not far from the waters edge-true Bounty advert stuff!!The weather was great.Although the web forecasts were for thunderstorms they were over with very quickly and the sun shone for 90% of the day.We were glad when the cloudcover came!The food in the hotel was excellent.In my opinion the main buffet food was as good as the speciality restaurants,but do try these.The main dining halls are vast.You are free to cross over to the Punta Cana side which we did.The 2 dining halls are conected.The food highlight for me was the days the outside BBQ did paella for lunch.I reckon this is done twice per week.It is made with langoustines and was just the best!There are quite a few shops in the complex.The best bargain I found were the locally painted canvases.They remove them from the frames so you can roll them up to take home.I got 2 and paid $30-much cheaper than Scotland.About 5 minutes along the beach is the local market.Be prepared to haggle, as my wife wanted a ring made from the local stone.The owners have all the charm patter and the price started at $130.We eventually paid $50 but I still left thinking I got ripped off!The hotel entertainment was fab during the day-always something going on.At night it was pretty low key.We found the shows at night a bit cheesy but watchable if you like that sort of thing.The Punta Cana side had a band on most nights which was great.We ended the night at the beach bar which was much cooler.The kids were out till all hours at the nightclub-average age was 20, but ranged from 14 to around 40.I was in for 5 minutes!!There were plenty of trips to do,but as we were only there for the week we did none as we wanted to enjoy the hotel to its fullest.We enjoyed the hotel so much we are planning to return to the DR.On talking to other guests Iberostar get a pretty good name and we are hoping to try the Iberostar at Bayahibe next time and take 2 weeks to explore some of the island and do some excursions.Hope you find this review helpful.E-mail me if you want to know more.The Leslie Family,Falkirk,Scotland.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>solid 2 star hotel Dear travelers,I use the tripadvisor all the time, I read the reviews for this hotel as well .my review is more negative then positive.Prons: people, very friendly, hard workingCons: the food is horrible. No variety. You will find what to eat for the first 2-3 days, then there is no variety, period. Do not go to the restaurants, same kitchen, even worse. We had to leave one side of the buffet once due to enourmous smell of (...) yes, that. We were not alone. Unless, this is your 1st trip ever, you may like it.Rooms outdated, but clean.get up at 7 am to reserve the seats under umbrelladrinks-use the bar at the reception area only and prepare to tip oftenmosquitoes- everywhere, spray does not workocean- not as clear as seems on the picture, expect to pass some distance of seaweed in order to reach the clean water.My first trip to Dominican republic and the very last one as well.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Iberostar Dominicana Me and my family just returned form this excellent hotel and can't wait to go back. We have never experienced such incredible service before. The food was magnificent at The Sibila, The Marimba and the buffet was great. This hotel has beautiful gardens and nice and clean rooms. Me and my family spend a fabulous vacations so i highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for good food and excellent service this is the place to go.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome family vacation We stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana from June 25th thru July 2nd, 06 and had a great time!!! We had our two kids (girl 10 and boy 12) and we all had the best vacation ever. We booked through BJ's who contract with GWV and this was great because there was a representative both at Logan (Boston) airport and at the Dominican Republic airport. There was a meeting the next morning for the GWV people to let us know about any tours, things to do at the resort, what to watch out for and any general questions we had for them. We chose not to do any tours but felt we should have really done the one where you go around the country and see how the people live, see how cocoa is made, ..., next time.The resort is absolutely beautiful - it is really incredible how hard all the workers work to maintain this property - they even have guys cutting down coconuts so you dont get boinked on the head! The people are incredibly friendly and willing to please. Here are some pointers to maybe make things smoother:- make your dinner reservations as soon as you can and for the whole week at a time (we were guaranteed 3 but got 4) - the restaurants were very beautiful - the food was a step up from the buffets - and they do have kids menus if you need them and great virgin daiquiries too- we ate at the Oriental restaurant, the Gourmet - La Sibilia, the mexican restaurant, and the tropical - the Marimba. The Mexican food was not as good as the US's mexican but we still had a great time there, the Star Rock restaurant (like an American hard rock cafe) is a non-reservation dinner place that we ate at twice and the kids loved it - the tuna and grouper were awesome - get there close to when it opens so you don't have to wait and they have a pool table, fooseball, and air hockey ($1 per game) - - the buffets were great for breakfast and lunch - this is the first vacation where my husband and I felt we came home healthier than when we left - we ate a lot of local fresh fruit, yogurt, fish....- my daughter stuck to mainly the American food - pancakes for breakfast, hamburgers, pizza although she ventured a little - my 12 year old son tried so much new stuff I couldn't believe it and he liked it too - the paella at La Marimba at lunch was incredible with shrimp, lobster, mussels..-beach and pool were both awesome - our daugter like the pool and our son like the ocean so we split up a bit so both were happy and met up at lunch. the ocean water is incredibly beautiful as was the temperture - we always go to Cape Cod every summer and really enjoyed the water at the DR. There is a great reef to the right of the swimming area that is roped in and we brought our snorkeling stuff (dont bother with bringing booties) and used it often. the reef is not so colorful probalbly because of the boaters, people touching it... but the fish are very nice - a lot of variety and colorful. The palm tree huts are a necessity for staying out of the sun - bring tons of sunblock (i brought 4 bottles ranging from 30 to 45 and that was a good amount) - dont risk a sunburn - I still got incredibly brown probably from walking/running on the beach early in the morning before the kids got up - the pool was also really nice - they dont use chlorine - I heard it was some salt water solution so you dont smell chlorinny - you may want to bring floats although they do sell them there min. $10us dollars for a $2 us float. - there are plenty of activities if you choose to participate in them with the Star Friends - my kids did a couple - and egg toss, bingo and that was about it - some kids went to the kids club - Lucys club all day and seemed to have fun - water balloon fights in the pool, tennis, games.... - my kids like to hang out with us/met friends and played a lot of pickup soccer games on the beach, volleyball, tennis, snorkeling, pool games- the nightlife I believe was probably good - we honestly were so exhaused that we only went out one night to the casino (only lost $10 in blackjack in 2 hours) and walked around after that - was going to check out the disco but beware the drinking age is 16 and there were so many teeny boppers that we decided not to go in- there are Star Friends shows every night and we caught a little of one - it seemed corny but like I said we didnt see the whole thing so they might be fine-bring $1's for tipping - I dont think you necessarily get better service (the workers are so incredibly nice) but the people really do appreciate it when you tip (this is a really poor country and they really work hard) - my husband took my son to one of the world cup soccer games and there were approx. 70-90 people in the place and the bartender basically never shut down the beer tap and the only people tipping were my husband and some other guy from CT - - there are shops down the beach for souveniers but beware the gift shop is not really overpriced - if you dont want the hassle go to the gift shop - but we went to the market of course a couple of times - it was fun but exhausting - they try to ask ridicoulus prices but offer 1/3 to 1/4 of what they want and know the gift shop prices otherwise you'll get taken for a ride - the dark rum is awesome, the coffee is pretty good too - got some great lave stone figurinines, painted license plates, wooden animal carvings, beach wraps, ...- they also sell really beautiful paintings both local scenes and copies of famous paintings but we did not buy those - I heard they will trade Boston Red Sox stuff for their stuff - my son had his Ortiz shirt and hat on and they loved it - we met both Manny and Ortiz's cousin at the market (one guy - right!).- go with the flow and have fun! the rooms are okay but who cares as long as the air conditioning works great (our room safe stopped working several times but they sent down someone quickly all times) - the grounds more than make up for a fancy room - the maid service was good - we tipped $3/day- my daughter got here hair braided at the hotel - full head $65 it took 2 plus hours - you could get it done at the market for half what I paid but seemed a lot cleaner at the resort and a lot neater braids too - my husband and son both got massages my husband got a 55 minute massage $55 and my son 25 minute massage for $25 - they both really enjoyed them.- we took two banana boat rides - motorized so cost extra $10/person - it was a lot of fun but I dont recommend it if you are really out of shape because when you are thrown off - it may be hard to get back on - tons of fun! - can be a little dangerous - my husbands head collided with a eight year olds and my husband still has the black eye and bruised cheek - but it was still fun( 8 year old had harder head apparently) , there is parasailing too $45 single or $85 for a double - we didn't do it wanted to last day but was too windy so they werent doing it - heard it was fun. -we never got sick from the food or water (but dont drink from the taps-all other water is fine) - we did bring pepto bismol, ammondium ad but didn't need it - bring insulated glasses for water, beer, drinks whateverJust have fun and go with the flow and you'll have an awesome vacation!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Anastasia23
<Content>Good times! I recently stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana and had a fabulous time! There are a few important points that anyone traveling there should be aware of. There are no clocks in the rooms, so if you need to be somewhere remember to bring a watch. I was there attending a wedding so there was a group of about 30 people, therefore we had a broad spectrum of the rooms, many of the rooms had a musty odor - so room spray is a must! Also be careful when walking in the hotel, all of the floors are tile and quite a few of us fell (flip flops have no traction on a wet tile floor. Aside from some small details we all had a great time! The food was great and there was a huge variety - the buffets were enormous. The staff is very friendly and always checking to make sure that you are having a good time! I would recommend staying here just be sure to bring sunscreen with an spf of 30 or higher, even if you already have a good tan - the sun is very strong!!! Good times were had by all!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKTravellercleveland
<Content>nice time at iberostar dominicana Myself and my husband travelled to the iberostar dominicana in june 2006, upon arrival we were greeted with a drink and shown to our room. The room itself was clean, we had no bugs or insects as I had previously read on trip advisor from other reviews. We found the whole hotel, from the beach to the lobby to be spotless, the grounds were constantly being maintained and loooked lovely.The staff were all really helpful and friendly, always had a smile and a hello, despite the fact they all worked really hard and long hours.The food in the buffet did tend to be the same each day and there was not a lot of choice, both of us had upset stomachs whilst there, but couldnt say it was definately from the food, although I was concerned that some items i.e cooked meats and cheese appeared to be left out unchilled in the buffet areas for long periods. On a more positive note, we found the food in the oriental, steakhouse and star rock cafe to be lovely - we booked these were possible to avoid the buffet!!The entertainment was good, the staff worked really hard to keep the guests entertained, both by the pool and on an evening, although there is plenty of quiet places if you just want to chill out and have a drink. We enjoyed the star rock cafe and the nightclub, and had a few dabbles at the casino.We took a couple of trips out of the hotel, the best of which was the outback safari, would definately recommend this, we had a really good time.Overall we had a nice time at this hotel, our only complaint was the buffet food, but others at the hotel had no problems with this, and it by no means spoilt our holiday. We thoroughly enjoyed the dominican republic and the iberostar dominicana.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Holiday We visited this resort from 15th May to 29th May, and after booking I realised that it can be the wettest month in DR. However, we only had 5 minutes of rain on our third day - so, as other reviews have stated, don't be misled by weather reports! From the moment we arrived we knew we had picked a winner!Resort was absolutely beautiful  spotlessly clean - we were allocated the room we had requested  had even been booked into the Gourmet restaurant for my husbands birthday, as requested by e-mail the week before.The shower head was not working properly in our room when we arrived  30 mins after reporting it someone came  replaced it. When we went to reception the morning after arriving, the reception manager recognised our name from my e-mail of the previous week  asked if the room was satisfactory. That's what I call service!The food seems to be a cause for concern in most of these reviews but we found an amazing amount of choice for every meal  consistantly of a high standard. We ate seven times in the speciality restaurants - we tried all of them, the Gourmet  the Oriental twice. All of them were very good.Ask for whatever drink you want  how you want it  the bar staff will do their best to get it for you. We used the Punta Cana lobby bar in the evenings  found that they had most things we liked (including Bombay Sapphire gin - for all you good gin lovers!)We have travelled faily extensively worldwide (including various other caribbean islands)  this has got to be one of the most enjoyable beach holidays we have had, probably due to the helpful  friendly attitude of the staff as well as the wonderful surroundings.You cannot go wrong if you choose to go here.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Funkyforans
<Content>Great Holiday, Great Hotel We travelled to The Iberostar Dominicana for 2 weeks from 24 May 06. Two adults and our 2 children aged 4 and 8.The hotel was fantastic. Reading some reviews worried us a little but I can honestly say you have nothing to worry about.The pool is fantastic as well as the beach.Showtime can get a bit repetative, but this is our 5th All Inclusive Holiday and we have found most hotels are the same.Restaturants were great, especially the Oriental and Star Rock Cafe.The buffet was very boring and didn't seem to have all that much choice.All the staff work VERY hard to make your stay wonderful, our kids loved the Star Friends - especially Monkey!You will not regret choosing this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelN2s
<Content>Loved the Iberostar Domincan First of all we had a great time.We are in our early 40s and have both traveled to Eurpoe and the Pacific.We have also vacationed with Apple to the Bahamas, Jamaica, Cancun and the Riveria Maya. We are not newbies to the All-Inclusive. This resort is very European. It was the best European vacation, this side of France. They have adapted to Americans - they serve ice in drinks, but don't count on frozen daiquiris. The hotel is beautiful - marble everywhere, flamingos, peacocks and flowers.The hotel room staff was attentive and quick. When we arrived we noticed our room safe was not working properly, we called the front desk and they sent someone up immediatley, it was fixed within 10 minutes. We later called and asked for more pillows and towels. They were at our door within 5 minutes. The room was clean, the bed was fine, the minbar (small refrigerator with beer, water and soda) was always stocked. The bed was turned down each night with flower petals and chocolates. Food - We liked the gourmet resturant the best (La Sibilia)- grilled lobster and a chocolate desert to die for. We liked the Mexican resturant the least. Probably real Mexican food, not what Americans are used too. Breakfast was wonderful - they had everything - if they didn't they would cook it. The other resturants were ok.The nightly entertainment was great. The beach is gorgous. Beware - it is a topless beach, as most beaches outside the US are. You don't have to go topless, but most people do. The pool was nice, we went in once - no swim-up bar. The only disappointing factors were - there is no swim-up bar and there is no room service.The pictures on Apple's web site show a swim-up pool bar and they even have it listed in the hotel ammenities. The Iberostor Bavaro (next door) has the swim-up bar and room service. Patrons of the Iberostar Domicana and Punta Cana do not have exchange privledges at the Bavaro. The Domicana is nicer than the Punta Cana and I think they are the same price. Do not bring travelers checks - bring $1 dollar bills for tipping. The exchange rate system is awful. Bartering is better in US dollars. No one wants pecos or credit cards. If you like coffee, bring back some local beans. They have Starbucks and Gevalia beat by a long shot.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely resort, but I became sick and was hospitalized. OVERVIEW: We went to the Iberostart Dominicana Hotel Resort for four nights June 8-12, 2006. 鈥淲e鈥?were my husband, our two children (16 and 20) and myself. We thought the accommodations were lovely, the food okay but the whole vacation was marred by my getting so sick I was hospitalized. My husband got less sick and is still recovering now (it is Wednesday and we got back Monday night). My son only had a few stomach cramps and my daughter did not get sick at all. I say all this, because I don鈥檛 know why I got sick. The blood tests did not show anything so they assumed it was a virus. I think it had something to do with sanitation of the food or water. But I cannot be sure. ACCOMODATIONS: The hotel rooms were lovely and my two teenage kids said 鈥淕ood Job Mom鈥?upon arrival. The grounds were exquisite and I especially enjoyed watching the Flamingos. There was always a breeze at the ocean, so even on hot days we were comfortable sitting under a palapa reading and looking at the sea. It really was pretty. The rooms were spotless and very nice with a balcony. The marble-look bathroom was lovely. I was very pleased with the accommodations and the cleanliness.BEFORE: Before booking, I was very concerned about all the reports of sickness on Trip Advisor for this resort and several of the Dominican Republic resorts and almost didn鈥檛 book our vacation there. I was assured by our local Apple travel agent that they had sent hundreds of people to the D.R. and no one had gotten sick. I decided to go armed with food advice from a business associate who travels to the DR every month (he said he doesn鈥檛 eat any uncooked vegetables and only drinks bottled water) and a friend who recommended Pro-Biotics to ward off the intestinal blues (I checked with my Doctor who thought that was a good idea). I also brought Immodium and Pepto Bismal, recommended on Trip Advisor (a necessity...and bring it with you on the plane home. I saved a couple of people by having it on my carryon on the plane home). So I thought I was totally prepared to ward off any symptoms that would mar our vacation.We also brought a lot of 30 SPF and 50 SPF sunscreen. I also brought insulated mugs. I was the only one who really used one. I brought hats. We packed bug repellent, but didn鈥檛 need it. My son got a mosquito bite the first night and he wished I had hydrocortisone, but I never saw or felt any bugs. I was a good boy scout!PHOTO ID: Just to let you know if you have someone 16 (and I think anyone under 18), we only needed the embossed birth certificate. We did not need a photo ID for her to get into and out of the DR. Please note that starting Dec. 2006, ALL people of all ages will need a passport for ALL countries.OUR STAY: THE LONG VERSION:We arrived late afternoon on Thursday and found some food at the beach caf茅, which was very welcome since we hadn鈥檛 had lunch. Right away there was a problem getting bottled water. The bar did not offer it.Later we ate dinner at the buffet. I thought it was mediocre, but my husband liked it. I am not a big fan of buffets because I tend to eat a lot of everything and don鈥檛 feel satisfied. I was dismayed to find out we only qualified for one guaranteed a la carte restaurant meal since we were staying only 4 nights. After friendly questioning, I found out if you come back the morning of the day you want to get an additional reservation, they will book it for you if there is availability. We used our guaranteed reservation for the Steak House since that is what got the most rave reviews on Trip Advisor (I never ate there, but my family said the steaks were good and the rest mediocre). Friday morning we got a reservation at the Oriental Restaurant (the entr茅e was so overcooked, it was inedible. The sushi was good.).Friday morning we ate the buffet breakfast (one side is more American and one side European, though I don鈥檛 know which was which). I enjoyed the omelet made for me and we all loved the pancakes. There was always fresh fruit and lots of breads and jams and cereals. Breakfast was our favorite meal there. I will say from the very start I felt a panic on what was safe to eat and what wasn鈥檛. The restaurant didn鈥檛 have bottled water and that threw me for a loop. And the water had that sulphur taste of how the water used to taste near the beaches of the US. Didn鈥檛 mean it was bad, but made me feel uneasy. I checked with some other English speaking guests and they said they were told that all the ice and washing of food and drinking water was purified. I knew not to drink the tap water.There were bottles of water in the refrigerator but it looked like homemade labels and some of the bottles didn鈥檛 have labels at all. That did not breed my confidence. I checked, and all the caps were sealed. There was a gallon of water beside the refrigerator that had an expiration date on it and that made me feel more secure. All of this water tasted fine. I ended up feeling more secure about the gallon of water.At the buffet and the restaurants I waffled between going ahead and eating what I wanted and trying to avoid uncooked vegetables. There was a very good Gazpacho soup and I put cut up tomatoes in it. (was that what made me sick?) I ended up feeling uneasy about a lot of the choices because I just didn鈥檛 know what to avoid and what was fine. My husband ate it all, lettuce and everything. I preferred the taste of the bottled water in my room, so I brought that to the restaurant. This uneasiness was very uncomfortable to me. I saw other guests eating everything, but I had read so many reports on TripAdvisor of people getting sick, I just didn鈥檛 know what to avoid. I wished with all my heart I had brought my own bottled water so that I would know there was something completely safe to drink. Unfortunately, my uneasiness turned out to be valid.My husband and I both enjoyed the snorkeling in front of the Bavaro portion of the Iberostar resorts (facing the ocean go to the next swimming area to the right, past the couple of resort boats). We think the fish were almost like pets. Schools of blue tang followed us and swam under and around us. There were quite a few other tropical fish. The coral was mostly dead from hurricanes, but we did see some live coral and a few sea anemones underneath. We brought our own snorkeling equipment. There are at least two swimming areas roped off. At first we didn鈥檛 like that concept since we like to get to the reef, but after we were out there and the boats zoomed by only about 20 feet away from us, I felt safer knowing that I didn鈥檛 have to lift my head and wave every time a boat was near to show them I was there.My son paid for a windsurfing lesson ($39). He said it was very difficult. Not just because the balancing is so difficult, but because there were enough boats that kept going by he couldn鈥檛 really practice easily (both because of the boats and the waves, I think). He went to the disco a couple of times, but he said they were mostly older folks (30鈥檚 and 40鈥檚 and maybe even some 50鈥檚鈥?horrors!) and didn鈥檛 like it too well. He did do a beer drinking contest. One of the entertainment staff seemed to like him and that made him happy. Overall he really liked this resort. 鈥淏eautiful and the people were nice,鈥?he says.I felt completely safe with the kids going off by themselves. Usually they went together, but I also felt safe that my 16 year old daughter was by herself. The resort felt completely safe.My daughter got a massage and a facial and enjoyed it very much (about $75).My husband found a palapa easily every day any time of day. We found if you went to the right (facing the ocean) there were always vacant palapas. It was beautiful reading and looking at the ocean.ILLNESS:I wanted to explain to you the positives before I told you about the sickness. Friday afternoon I felt a little bit nauseous. In the middle of the night I ended up getting sick, both vomiting and diarrhea. I dragged the cushions from the little couch to the floor outside the bathroom so I could just crawl in. After a couple of hours I realized I was getting weak and probably dehydrated so I told my husband I needed to go see the doctor (I figured I needed a suppository since I couldn鈥檛 keep anything down) and that I needed a wheel chair because I couldn鈥檛 walk there. (the night before when we were walking around the little shops area, we noticed there was a 24 hour doctor clinic on site). Doug called the front desk and a golf cart came to the building and whisked us to the doctor.The doctor was a lovely well spoken woman. She explained I was dehydrated and needed IV and medicine to stop the nausea. She recommended I go to the hospital to get blood tests to determine exactly what was causing the problem so I could get the right medicine. She recommended we go by ambulance so that I could keep the IV going and in case I got sick again because of the jostling in the vehicle. She also told us that her consultation was not included in the resort and was $110. The ambulance was $170.She was clear to ask us if it was our choice for me to go to the hospital. We decided to go to the hospital to get the blood tests. We went by ambulance (although I thought he shut off the IV while the vehicle was moving and put it back on when we arrived. Go figure.)THE HOSPITAL:When we got to the hospital, the doctor there immediately told us he recommended I stay for 24 hours. I was surprised that he said that before any tests were completed. He explained that he thought I needed 24 hours of treatment to get the fluids back in and for any medicines to have a full treatment round via IV before I started the oral treatment. Doug found out the cost for a hospital stay would be around $1000 plus medicines for a day. (It ended up being $1070).We said we wanted to wait until we got the test results before we made our decision. Finally we agreed to have me admitted.They took me to a room that had a sweetness to it. It was a very comfortable bed with a blue and white patterned cotton bedspread. There was a small fabric couch and a recliner chair (maybe not so sanitary). It ended up I was very glad to be there because I had gotten very scared of all the food and drink at the hotel to the point I didn鈥檛 know what was safe. At the hospital I felt safe and I slept and slept and slept. I told my family they didn鈥檛 need to visit me (it was a $20 cab ride each way). The best thing they could do is thoroughly enjoy their vacation and call me once or twice. I thought it cool that there was a balcony there. After a day, I liked to go out there (my IV still in the room) to get a bit of fresh air. I wish all hospital rooms had a balcony.I watched carefully to see that they opened all the syringes fresh. I noticed a bit less than carefulness about their disposing of my used equipment. One time a part of the IV became unattached and there was some of my blood around it. The young nurse screwed it back together with her bare hands (a big risk for her and something you would never see in the States). All the nurses were very nice and young and didn鈥檛 speak any English. (I had been told that the Dominican Republic people are very lovely to look at and this gave me the opportunity to see a few of them. They had lovely bone structure and were very sweet.) A doctor came by three times with a translator. The doctor explained that the blood tests could not find anything. They figured it was a virus. When I asked if it could have been the water or food they said absolutely the hotel had to be using purified water or the whole hotel would have been there. Good point. But I am still not convinced that it wasn鈥檛 due to a slip of sanitation.Although I was mentally prepared for a 24 hour stay (9:30 am), I was dismayed when they kept me til 1 pm. But checkout was fast and easy.So, although I hope that no one else has to have this experience, if you do, you can know a bit of what to expect.My husband just came in while I am writing this and told me to add that he got the distinct impression if we had gotten travel insurance, we wouldn鈥檛 have had to pay anything there. Without it we had to pay up front and will need to ask our health insurance company to reimburse us here.Also note that he charged the Doctor鈥檚 visit and when he went to use the same charge card for the hospital bill the next day, it was refused. Turned out they refused it because he was in another country. Fortunately he had another card he could use. The credit card company told him he should always notify them before he goes to another country.By the way, I asked the hotel if they keep any records on who gets sick and who gets hospitalized. There was no interest or concern that I was sick nor records kept. My husband thought that it could be very useful for the hotel to note who was sick so that they could especially sanitize the room.As an interesting side point, on our shuttle from the hotel back to the airport, there was an American doctor and nurse also on the shuttle. He said it probably was a virus since I recovered so quickly. He mentioned that at the beach bar at the resort he was staying in (he was at a different one), when the bartender ran out of glasses, instead of getting more glasses that had gone through a dishwasher, he rinsed the used glasses out with tap water and reused them (note that the tap water is definitely not drinkable). He said it could have been something as simple as that and the reason I got so sick but my family didn鈥檛. MY OPINION: The way I figure it, the Dominican Republic is a lot like Mexico was 30 years ago when a lot of folks traveling there got 鈥淢ontezuma鈥檚 Revenge鈥? Over the years Mexico has solved the sanitation and water problem so that we can eat anything there (at least in the resorts) and not get sick. (By the way, I never got sick on any of my travels to Mexico even 30 years ago鈥?and I ate everything. We have also had no problems in Belize or the Cayman Islands as well as Western and Eastern Europe.). A part of me really liked the DR, the people are sweet and the resort was lovely. But I don鈥檛 know what I could do to feel okay about the food and drink. I think I would have to wait until the Trip Advisor reports weren鈥檛 mentioning so many sick visitors. (and next time I鈥檒l spend the extra money and stay at an island that doesn鈥檛 have these reports AND get travel insurance). By the way, my husband disagrees. He thinks we could have gotten sick anywhere. Hard to know. It is strange, but even though I got sick and was in the hospital, it was a sweet place and the hospital experience allowed me to meet more local people.I hope that this review helps and that wherever you go you have a wonderful and healthy time.I welcome any questions if you would like to email me.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Valensander
<Content>Wonderful resort. Again, no complaints! It's the third time, we've been to the Iberostar in Punta Cana. Now, we've stayed at all three resorts, Bavaro, Punta Cana and Dominicana. It's probably not the last time because, like all stays, it's been perfect!The rooms are perfectly clean and if there's a small problem they'll fix it right away. For example, we didn't figure out the safe and the balcony-door lock didn't work. Both times, they sent sosmeone over who had the problem fixed whithin a few minutes. Also the reception-desk called right away to check if all was done well.The pool is clean and large. Watch out for the slippery sides though!The food is so good. No stomach-problems whatsoever. A lot of choice at the buffets. The plates are constantly refreshed, when there's just a third (of the item) left.Can't say anything about the restaurants, because we didn't go there.Every day there's a BBQ at the pool/beach.You can get your vitamins from the juice-bar between the pools. Freshly made apple, pineapple, melon, kiwi.....anything you want.Entertainment is good. No-one will annoy you if you don't want to join the pool- or beachgames. At night the entertainment is always professional! The service at the Iberostar is perfect. Everyone working there seem to have a genuine smile on their face....tip them well; they deserve it!We'll be back, for sure!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wish I Hadn't Left the Hotel--The Longest Review Ever...               More photos  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Needs renovation We were at the Iberostar Punta Cana in the spring of 2005 so decided to go back in 2006 but stay in the Dominicana which shares the same grounds and some of the restaurants and bars. The room you get is a matter of luck. When we checked in just before midnight and found ourselves in a very poor location so I phoned the desk right away to tell them I was not going to stay in the room allocated. We went to the desk as requested the next morning and the staff went out of their way to help and were successful in finding us a more suitable room with a wonderful view of the grounds but you have to speak up. The rooms were adequate and kept very clean by friendly and obliging staff. We left a small tip on the bed each day as the maids have some time off after eleven days and we wanted to be sure that those who did our room got their share. My wife and I liked the food but you have to watch that the pork is adequately cooked. On a couple of occasions we had to pass as it was running blood like a beef roast does! All in all we enjoyed the food although I will admit that the bread did not have much taste. We were selective with the evening entertainment and preferred the shows that had little or no guest participation (ie: more show and less multilingual chat). Some of them were quite spectacular. The public rooms were in need of refurbishing as we found the seat cushions quite used up and the furniture tired looking. The beach however is spectacular and safe, the grounds attractive and immaculately kept and if you enjoy sailing this resort has more catamarans available than any other resort that I have visited but you need to book them ahead. Above all the biggest asset was the staff who really made the place. They work very hard and long to make your stay enjoyable. We would go back but not right away and certainly not until we hear that they have renovated.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kate_h12
<Content>Would Return in a Minute!! I read alot of reviews on this site before going here and i was worried about what i would find, But, as soom as we got to the Hotel, i knew i'd love it!! We were taken to our suite on a cart with all of our luggage and it was carried to our room. The room was lovely. It didn't smell, No bugs and no noise. The air con was quite and very good. I was very pleased with the Room. Most mornings a peacock would sit on the wall of the terrace!! We gave the maid a doller a day and she cleaned our room and tidied my shoes. She put flowers and plants in our room eveyday. She worked hard. she was excellent. The beach was stunning. White sands and warm sea. The flea market is about 10 mins walk away. they do pester you a bit but they are friendly. Make sure you knock them on price. They will go down low. The Pool was lovely. No need to get up early to put towels down. There are always beds. The workers are always cleaning and tidying. They work so hard to keep quests happy. The gardens are beautiful. I loved the peacocks and Flamingos. The big fat Chicken watched the show every night!! The Shows are not all that. Most nights we went for dinner, for a walk and then back to our room to watch TV. The casino is good. Not to sure how they work out Black jack . and the roulette ball looks a bit to small so becarful in there. Its good in there though. I can't believe how many people hated the food. Me and my boyfriend loved it. We couldn't get enough. The buffets were excellent. The pasta was so good. The pizza was excellent too. The restaurants was good. Mexican and steak house are the best. The star rock is good too. The beach BBQ was excellent. Weather was great. 1 day of rain. It was gorgeous everyday of our 2 week stay. I loved this resort. We would definatly go back. The staff are great and so friendly. I loved mr Ding Dong and Mac!! Don't be put off by the bad reviews. You will love it here!!!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DianaMarieNYC
<Content>for a little getaway...perfect       beautiful beach at twilight  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Way overrated  Just returned from a trip to Punta Cana. We stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana. I am not the typical spoiled individual who expects the red carpet treatment everywhere I go nor is this my first trip outside of the United States. I have traveled extensively throughout the world and can honestly say this was one of the worst places I ever stayed.The food was horrendous. There were bugs (including roaches) in the room and tiny ants in the bathroom. The maid service was good, I will say and the room (at least on the surface) was cleaned well daily. Cheese at the buffet was left uncovered without ice for hours. The pool is only open until 7pm forcing people to have no other choice but either sit in their room and watch CNN or attend trashy shows in the main lobby. These shows were ridiculous and I am still trying to figure out why they even bothered putting them on. There was absolutely no variety. Towards the end of the trip, I got extremely sick with some kind of stomach bug I am sure was from unclean food prep. When calling the 24-hour clinic on staff there the response was that many people who come here get sick. If that's the case, wouldn't one think it's time for some evaluation? Bottom line, if you call yourself a world-class resort which the Iberostar Dominicana portrays itself to be, you have to act and present yourself as such. I am fully aware that the DR is a relatively poor nation and does not have the same resources as exist in the States or Western Europe/parts of Asia, however, they still proclaim themselves as a first-class resort and the expectation would be clean, roach-free rooms, decent food, basic sanitary measures and that the response from a medical clinic not be many people who come here get sick.I cannot speak for other resorts in Punta Cana or in the DR but if considering the Iberostar Dominicana, I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>weloveplaya
<Content>Wonderful hotel! Can't beat Iberostar when it comes to service and entertainment My wife and I (ages 33 and 35) just returned from our 8 day stay at the Iberostar Dominicana. This is our 5th stay at an Iberostar resort, and from now on we have sworn ourselves to this chain. We have tried the Palladium resorts, Riu chain resorts, and also the Club Med resorts, and nothing can top the Iberostars!Service is OUTSTANDING and the staff is always happy and willing to meet your needs. I was generous in tipping the staff because they went well out of their way to meet the guests' needs like I have never seen before. I was always handed a drink with a smile. They always seemed happy to be there, not miserable like some staff at other hotels have been.Pools were exceptionally clean. Staff raked the beaches every morning for any seaweed that might have washed up. They were always picking cups up around the pool area. The grounds are absolutley pristine and its amazing how meticulously the grounds are cared for. There are always workers outside maintaining the grass, bushes, trees, flowers, etc. There are constantly activities going on if you like to keep busy, but if you'd rather watch or just sit back and relax...then there is always plenty of room to do that too! I promise you won't go wrong in booking this hotel!!!  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lmmcclint
<Content>Do as little or as much as you want My Husband and I actually just got back at 2am this morning from our vacation to the Iberostar Dom. I am addicted to this site so I could not wait to get back and write my review. We took this trip from May 6-13 for our 5 year anniversary. We have been to the Couples Negril, The Melia in Cozumel and now this is our 3rd all inclusive, and naturally you compare the resorts to eachother. We booked our vacation thru US airways Vacations (a subsidiary of Funjet Vacations). They make everything SO easy. Once we got to the airport, of course you pretty much get stopped by a heard of airport bellman I guess you could call them, so pretty much you have no choice but to give them your luggage to take you to your transfer. The ride to the hotel was like a game of dodgem cars at the amusement park. It was about a 30-35 minute ride. Check in at the hotel was easy. We ended up in one of the Junior Suites without even asking, which was fine, but we ended up in a room with 2 double beds. Which was fine, we didn't need to have our room changed. Its true, the beds are not very comfortable and the pillows are rather flat. I had 2 pillows already on the bed and then I just used one of the decoration pillows from the couch and that worked fine. The air conditioning really didn't get that cold, the room always had a damp feel to it. Later on I found out that the lights, fan, tv, and air conditioning are on a motion sensor so they turn off when you are not in the room and then they turn on again when it senses you enter the room. The air conditioning switch is on the headboard. Thanks to some of the other reviews, I knew right where to look!! Also the sliding door must be COMPLETELY shut for the air to work. If that door is kept open, the air will not go on. So check your door sometimes the maids didn't always make sure they were closed. Overall I would rate the room average, it was not as nice as some of the other resorts we have been to but it served the purpose for the amount of time we spent in there.We spent most of our days at thePunta Cana side of the pool. We usually headed down to the pool about 10 am and never had a problem getting a chair. You almost have to save your chair for the day, since you are not going to carry your beach bag and towel with you wherever you go. The pool was always really refreshing, especially since the sun is really intense in the DR!! We loved just sitting in the wading part of the pool sipping Blue Hawai (yummy if you like coconut drinks) and Margaritas!! Yes there is a bar in the steakhouse, which was the closest to the area that we were sitting, and they seemed to always give us the larger cups and the bartender was always the friendliest. Its kind of a hidden treasure. I would definately recommend the Marinarium excursion where you snorkel with the nurse sharks and the sting rays, that was so much fun Sharky and the crew are so awesome!!!...the best part was when they brought out the blender and made fresh Coco Locos right there on the catamaran!!!!! They are constantly walking around offering you fresh fruit, drinks, water, and sandwiches! Then the last part of the trip is when they take you to the Natural Pool where the Caribbean Sea meets the Atlantic Ocean. The water is only waist deep and they bring you drinks right there. They really make the trip what it is! Worth every penny!I don't know how people can go to this resort and complain about the food. I thought the food was WONDERFUL!!! From the buffets to the Al a cartes...everything was so good!! THere is pretty much something for everyone. If you can't find an entree you like, then make a sandwich, there is always lunch meat and fixings, and tons of fresh bread. You have to go with an open mind, the food is most likely going to taste a little different than it does back home...remember you are not eating at McDonalds! I will repeat the food is wonderful!The shows were pretty entertaining...and the cocktail waitresses always make sure you have pleantly to drink, especially if you give them a few dollars. THe entertainment staff works really hard and are always trying to get people involved in the many many activities they have going on....which we always declined since all we wanted to do was lay in the sun and do absolutely nothing!All in all we enjoyed our vacation...I did not regret staying at the Iberostar at all. May is the start of rainy season in the DR so there was 1 day when it rained all day and then there were 2 other days when it rained for a few hours in the afternoon. The grounds are beautiful, very well kept, the animals that live on the resort are fun to see....especially the peacock that would wake us up every morning cackeling as he is visiting us on our balcony. I would not stay at this resort again only for the fact that we like to go different places every time we travel.We did not wait in a long line at all at the airport for our US airways flight, I guess the length of the line depends on which airline you use. Everything seemed to flow just fine. Just keep in mind that everything is out in the open so it gets HOT when you are sitting there waiting for your flight.Oh yes, the resort is mainly European so there are alot of topless ladies and lots and lots of Speedos. But that is entertaining in itself.Enjoy your trip and RELAX!  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK but was not great Let me start by saying that my family has been to over 8 all-inclusive resorts in the Caribbean and Mexico. For my family, I am looking for good food, nice room (not high end) and activities to keep everyone busy. We travel with 2 teenage boys (15  17) so this might help people who do not want to hear how great the kids program is.Short trip to and from airport was fine. The rural areas are beautiful but the town roads are trashy. Check in was average. Because the island has 4 major groups coming, English is only a 25% effort on the part of the staff. This is not their fault, just the fact. We were put in rooms that were a little further apart then we wanted. Unfortunately, the staff said they could do nothing to move us closer together. My wife鈥檚 and my room looked fine. The furniture was close to that of a Fairfield Inn. The room had white tile floor with plain looking furniture. The bathroom area was Ok. They have hair dryers there but they are very poor quality and barely push any air out. Bring your own. My wife did not and one of the ladies at the front desk saved her and loaned hers to my wife. Our bathroom sink had an outlet with a switch to go between 110 and 220 but I am not sure that the plug would not need to be modified. They sell the 2 prong adapters (prongs are not flat but more round like nails). If you have the outlet switched to 110 you should not need a converter but only an adapter. We did have a problem with small bugs on the floors and dressers. We asked someone to come down and take care of this but I don鈥檛 think anyone showed up. My wife sprayed 鈥淥ff鈥?around the perimeter of the room. Whether it is bug spray, suntan lotion or anything else, try to bring it. We bought a medium size can of Off and a bottle of a pump action Off spray and it rang up as $38.00 US. Food- was the worst food out of all of the all-inclusive we have been to which includes Beaches Turks, Gala Mexico, Beaches Boscobel, Secrets, and Couples to name a few. Let me say that we are not picky eaters. You could manage to find something that would be ok. But at the other resorts, you did not have to search high and low for something that was decent. A lot of the food was bland. Bread looked great but was tasteless. There was a lot of luncheon meat, tomatoes, cucumber slices and other such items all of the time in the center of the buffet and I think this must have been for the European customers. Lunch at the beach was very mediocre. The Steakhouse or place at the beach was good. The Oriental restaurant was the worst. After we left most of their meals on the plate at the Oriental restaurant, we went to the buffet to at least have some dinner. The seafood place was ok. One thing that was annoying was that you had to go up to the lobby area to make dinner reservations at a desk. The slow, long lines took up precious vacation time. Activities-Good variety of activates between the pool and the beach. The tennis courts are average and my son and I both beat the tennis pro so we never used him again (we are not that good). The shows at night suffered because of the multiple language problems. We went by several nights and got bored because each announcement would be repeated in at least Spanish, German and English and sometimes French. The most entertaining part was when I brushed a huge cockroach off the shoulder of a guy sitting near me. They had a lot of small kid participation stuff going on which I am sure it is amusing to the parents, but everyone else just went into the stage area and left. My wife and I went on the Monster Truck trip and that was great. My sons and I went on the ATV adventure and that was a blast. We also took the speedboat/snorkel trip and that was also good. This was the first time we went through Fun Jet and their representative was normally not there and would show up late when you scheduled a meeting time. He was nice, but I must have waited for 2 hours for him over the course of a week, which takes away from my vacation time. The Apple Vacation reps were always there.My sons are both out-going and never have problems meeting other teens. This hotel did not have a large USA representation. I would guess that 25% were US and the rest were divided between, UK, German, French, Spanish and Italian. Many of the kids, teens and adults were sectioned off by the language they spoke. This just made it very hard to make a friend there. If you are traveling with friends you don鈥檛 have to worry. In conclusion, the resort is beautiful, the food not so good, the rooms ok and the grounds and beach beautiful. I would check out some of the other hotels on the island.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hooray, we have found perfection! Hotel grounds are extensive well established gardens with exotic birds walking about and a not to be missed fat white rooster who hops up on the arm of a chair to join guests for the evening entertainment. We had the choice of eight restaurants to choose from-had no trouble making reservations-did so while waiting for room-however we preferred the buffets. Steak House is a great place for lunch. Beach is comparable to the national seashore on Cape Cod but the sand is softer and finer, water warmer,surf minimal-palapus vary in size for a couple or a large group-must reserve with towels by 6:30 a.m. or night before-bring clothes pins to hold towels in place and large cups with covers for drinks-no bug spray needed . We preferred sitting near the soccer and volley ball courts to watch the semi professional play. At about 10:30 in the morning a surprise guest will appear on the beach-great fun! Star Rock Cafe was designed using actual DC6 aircraft parts-DJ sits in the cockpit-great dance competitions!.Above all, the service at this hotel is above and beyond anything we have experienced-all areas are immaculate inside and out. An earlier reviewer complained that sheets weren't changed for a week and that water bottles had been refilled-not so!!!Sheets changed often and caps on bottles sealed and difficult to open. Casino doesn't open until 4 p.m.-machines use US dollars.In conclusion, we have finally found a Caribbean resort that has it all!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rileycando
<Content>Overall a Good Choice We traveled together with another family -four adults, two teens and a six year old. We booked through Apple Vacations at the beginning of January. Because the week we wanted was April/Easter break, most of the resorts were already filled. Dominicana was not our first choice, but it turned out to be a great place to stay. This was our fourth Dominican vacation.The 45 minutes to the resort seemed like a really long ride, but check in was easier than most. You are given an envelope with wrist bands, towel cards, keys and info, then sent to a table for orientation. We skipped this part and went directly to our room. Keep in mind that room assignments are made prior to your arrival. The front desk clerks do not have the authority to change your room at check in. If you want to change rooms, speak to the manager and most likely you will get a new room assignment the following day.Room: Ours was on the pool side #4263. I believe that 4 stands for the building, 2 stands for third floor and 63 is the actual room number. Although it is a 4 story building, when you get into the elevator you can see that ground floor is zero so go figure! The higher the room number, the closer you will be to the beach. Odd numbers are poolside, even numbered rooms look onto the Bavaro bungalows and Caribbean Street. The buildings themselves, Dominicana and Punta Cana are nearly identical and face each other. The landscaping at these resorts is well above average. There are maze like pathways and gardens between the two buildings that lead to the pools and lobby.The most striking thing was the interior space within the building itself. The rooms are all situated around a fabulous inner atrium with fountains, lush palm trees, reflecting water gardens and hanging plants. The sound of the running water within this space eliminated the usual hallway noises , voices and door banging. The room itself was somewhat of a disappointment. Although it was quite large, with a very private balcony and great partial ocean/pool view, the paint and fabrics were in sad shape. Not terrible, but not great. The bathroom was nice, smallish tub, large mirror, hair dryer, stone tile. Housekeepers did an excellent job. Towel sculptures and fresh flowers are provided each day. (No coffee makers or umbrellas in rooms). A covered tile walkway on the Bavaro side of the building allowed you to walk all the way to the lobby and restaraunts, very nice if it rains. We also saw several people in wheel chairs, so it appeared to be fairly handicapped accessible. There were no actual oceanfront rooms that we could see, and the way the main building was layed out , no one was at a real disadvantage location wise except for the suites. They were the farthest from beach and pool, and did not look much different from the standard rooms, perhaps fresher paint.Beach and pool: Great pool but in most areas the water was over 5 foot deep, shallow parts were limited, something to be aware of with young children. There was a small kiddie pool, water temp was nice and warm. Chairs under palapas are taken by 7:30 am, so plan accordingly. The beach was fantastic- the water was warm with a fairly calm surf and sandy bottom. Chairs under palapas seemed impossible to get, but plenty of extra chairs in the sun. Several other resorts side by side, so lots of people walking along the beach.Bars: There were about 5 bars scatterd throughout the Dominicana side. While at the pool we discovered a small corner bar that was never crowded on the Punta Cana side. This is also where you will find the best lunch- rotisserie chicken, fish, roast pork, beef and soft serve ice cream for the kids. At night this is the steak restaraunt. Bartenders seemed to be very conservative while pouring . Unless you specifically asked, you were given just a smidge of alcohol. Most drinks were a very sweet premixture with a tiny amount of alcohol already in it- if you asked for more they sort of rolled their eyes at you. Tipping helped. Presidente Beer was on tap and cold, so that was O.K. The lobby bar in the evening was much nicer.Food: Overall pretty typical.- other reviewers have given good descriptions. One thing that sets the Iberostars apart from other Dominican resorts is the quality of their meats. It is far better than any other Dominican resorts we have been to. Vegetarians might have a bit of a challenge, but they did have pasta at the buffets. A la Carte's...nothing great, the appetizers at the Chinese were a favorite. Not too much difficulty getting reservations. Buffets were never crowded, dining room was pretty, plenty of tables. Red and white wines poured at dinner. The wine was also better than other Dominican resorts we've been to. Entertainment: The casino was small but nice , most in our group came out ahead. We didn't watch much of the shows,but our six year old found a giant, overweight, sleepy chicken that hung out near the stage bar each night, to be his entertainment. Check out/departure: The Apple desk gave us a 10:20am pick up time for a 12:20pm flight. We thought that was cutting it a bit close...but we trusted their judgement...at 9:00am we got a call from the front desk that the bus was waiting for us!! The person who arranged the times the day before had messed up.Near panic-husband and son were at the pool for a final swim. Emmanual, the Apple Rep was fantastic. After several animated phone calls on his part, and a quite bit of shouting in Spanish to whoever was on the other end, we were finally sent a private taxi. We watched him pay the driver with his own money.Overall a great vacation! Feel free to email .  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cbishopCalifornia
<Content>great beach, pool, hotel, people--but queasy stomachs hit 5 out of 8 Our group of 5 adults and 3 older teens visited the Dominicana from April 14-22. This is the 5th all-inclusive we have stayed at. We traveled with Apple on a non-charter flight. Apple was very efficient, waiting for us after our very short trip through immigration, with our own 8 people mini-van. Our check-in packets were ready at the hotel; without asking we had been upgraded to 4 rooms in the Bavaro side cottages. The rooms and grounds were clean and kept up well--my daughter reported watching a maid take a full half hour to clean her room. We left $2 tips daily and our requests for extra water, beer, wash clothes were met with a smile. There were no mosquitos to speak of--spraying was going on constantly. The reservation system for the specialty restaurants was not too bad, at least you didn't have to get up at 7 a.m. and wait in a long line. We really enjoyed the steak house and the non-reservation Star Rock Cafe. The gourmet restaurant was a disappointment--dry lobster, no melted butter, just not that special. We enjoyed the ice cream bar by the beach and the cafe by the beach and pool was handy, though the gristle burgers wre not our favorite. We found all the staff to be friendly and accomodating, they really wanted people to have a good time. Beer and drinks were available easily in many places. You could actually get food at 2:30 a.m. if you wanted.The college age boys really enjoyed the small casino as they are not old enough to gamble at home. They actually made a few dollars.The beach and pools were great, though one had to have an early morning person put out towels at either the beach or one of the pools by 7:30 a.m. or you couldn't get chairs. The no-saving chairs rule is not enforced. There was a shortage of catamarans--you had to book for the next day, which might not be when you wanted to go. The weather was great--hot but not uncomfortable.We took the Kon-Tiki snorkel party boat--shoould have taken the Marinarium I guess as we only snorkeled an hour, in a very limited area, and were required to either wear a life vest or carry a noodle. Never been forced to do that before. While the dancing and music were fun, we did want more snorkeling. Apple was great about changing our reservations at the last minute when one of our party became seriously ill. Should have paid in dollars on the spot--when it showed up on my credit card the conversion rate made it about $10 a person more than advertised and I was charged a $15 currency converson fee.Because we had an early morning flight, we did not have much of a problem going through customs and immigration at the airport. In fact, Apple could have picked us up half an hour later and we would have had no problem. Now the main problem. Five of our group got stomach cramps and diarrhea, though we avoided the water, (plentiful bottled water was provided in the rooms) raw vegetables and salads as we always do. Perhaps the water in the dining rooms was not safe. One of our group became so ill she had to be taken to the (fortunately modern) hospital by ambulance. There is a 24 hour clinic on the premises and it was in use. Quite a few people besides us had at least queasy stomachs. While some of this has occurred before in Mexico, nothing like on this trip. This put a damper on many activities and left us with a negative feeling about the experience. We felt the food in the buffet was the least varied and tasty of any of the 5 all-inclusives we have gone to. One does not expect a gourmet meal at an all-inclusive but the buffet food and the upset stomachs were the low point.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Iberostar Dominicanan-GREAT! April 2006 Don't listen to all those reviews from people that nit pick the Iberostar apart. This resort has something for everyone.This is a huge resort with numerous palces to eat. Food is good (remember you are not in the US, so just go with it! there is plently so you won't starve! and maybe eat out of your comfort zone for a change!)2 Huge Beautiful poolsBest Beach I have ever seen! White sand no rocks no seaweed-warm!Very nice clean spacious rooms  bathroomsCasino, Disco, shops on siteSalon is a good barginBeautiful PeopleI recommend the Safari excursions-long day  can be very hot, but great experience  great way to see the sitesFishing was also great!It's Vacation, RELAX  enjoy yourself!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ctribbs
<Content>Had a fabulous time!!! Our family (hubby 45, myself 44, kids 17,16,16,11) visited this resort from 4/15-4/22/06. We went w/Apple Vacations and had no trouble w/check in, immigration, check in at the hotel etc. All went smoothly.Rooms - We had 2 jr. suites (3801,3802) which were on the Bavaro side closest to the Dominicana and close to entertainment, food, lobby. Rooms were 2 doubles w/a sofa type bed built into the wall. Mattresses on the regular doubles weren't too bad, but the sofa bed was like sleeping on the ground. The pillows are pretty flat so you need to double them up to have better comfort. The air conditioning worked great and the maid did an excellent job of cleaning the room and bath. We did not notice any mustiness in the room or bathroom as long as the air was running. The mini fridge does not get the bottles of beer, water bottles and soda very cold, but it is tied to the air running so be sure to leave the air on. Just leave the maid some money and ask her to keep your fridge stocked and she will.Food - We visited the buffet every day for breakfast. There are 2 sides to the buffet - European style and American style. We ate at the American style all the time even though the European side had better doughnuts (according to the kids). You can expect eggs fixed to your liking, omelettes (although not like we are used to), scrambled eggs, french toast, pancakes, bacon (not usually cooked well enough), hamburgers, grilled chicken, steack and a variety of other strange things for breakfast. There is a lot of bread choices for toast, oatmeal, a large variety of fresh fruit, yogurt, a fresh fruit juice bar, etc. You will find something good to eat for breakfast. We ate lunch at the pool grill. It had hamburgers, hot dogs, roasted chicken, fries, nachos, popcorn, paella, salad  fruit bar, soup and some other hot entrees. The soups I had were excellent. My husband ate a lot of salad, chips  guacamole. I ate a lot of chicken. The best bread in the resort is the hamburger bun. Eat it w/butter and it was great. The hamburgers  hot dogs have a definite different flavor, but their cows only eat grass so that is why. Outside the beach grill they cooked up different stuff almost daily. Some choices were seafood pasta, paella, grilled sausages, ribs, etc.Dinner at the buffet consisted of the usual choices of salad fixings, a taco bar, fresh fruit, desserts, ice cream, some type of grilled meat (beef roast, turkey, leg of lamb, fish), chicken, pasta, grilled fish, beef, chicken and fish kebabs, etc. Again, enough variety that you can find something. The soups were always good here too.We ate at 3 reservation restaurants. We made or reservations while we were waiting for our rooms to get ready when we checked in. Yes, the restaurants do not fill up all the tables at each dinner sitting. They say this is to ensure excellent quality.1) The Mexican Restaurant - This was excellent. 2 of us had Tacos Al Pastor and they were really great. The others liked what they had too. The appetizers are plenty - chips  guacamole, chimichangas, cheese, etc. The entree portions were on the small side, but we had plenty of apps to fill us up.2)The Oriental Restaurant - This was outstanding. The apps consisted of sushi, tempura veggies and shrimp, spring rolls, various fresh veggies  fruit and much more. There was a choice of about 10 different entrees. The chicken curry was good, the teppanyaki chicken was great, the sweet and sour chicken was also good. The fried rice was tasty as well. We definitely recommend this restaurant. Equally as good as anything we get at home and in a beautiful setting.3) La Sibilia - the gourmet restaurant. This is a fixed menu consisting of Norwegian Salmon and cocktail shrimp, followed by asparagus soup, vegetable ratatouille in a pastry puff, and half of a caribbean lobster grilled w/veggies. Dessert was a chocolate mousse dipped in chocolate that hardened. This dinner was also excellent and gave our kids a chance to try some things they had never had before.We went to the Star Rock Cafe one night and there are no reservations needed there. They only serve dinner from 7-9 and we had no trouble walking in. They bring you nachos to start with an then you order off the menu. My husband had grilled mahi-mahi, I had grilled arranchera steak, a couple of the kids had club sandwiches, one had fried shrimp and one had a grilled italian sandwich. Dessert was a chocolate brownie, apple pie, or coconut caramel flan. All of this food was very good.The grounds were beautiful and well maintained. The pools were a bit on the small side compared to IB Paraiso del Mar in Playa del Carmen and there was not a swim up bar. We missed that. The beach is next to the pool area and that was great. The white/pink sand was very fine and easy to walk in without beach shoes. The beach was well maintained too. The water for the most part was calm all week and we were able to kayak, swim, parasail, etc. without problem.The Star Friends were a very energetic and talented group of people. The shows are a bit hokey, but they were funny. These people work very hard to make sure everyone who wants to be involved can be. Most of them were speaking Spanish, English, German, and French. There wasn't a problem understanding what was going on ever. Our kids participated in Archery, Bingo, and mostly beach volleyball an soccer. Check out at the airport really was lousy. They brought us to the airport at 9:15 am and we waited in a very long line until almost 10:30 for them to start checking us in for our flight. From there we went through immigration and then through security. We were in the waiting area for about 30 minutes and then we were boarded. Our plane left at 12:15 pm. Just be prepared to wait in lines for a while.We enjoyed this resort very much. It isn't as large as the IB Paraiso del Mar in Riv. Maya, but you will have to walk some. They way we looked at it we were exercising of the extra food and drink we had all week. Which, by the way the best drinks are in th lobby bar. They have better booze choices and make some different types of cocktails. We would definitely go to another Iberostar (this was our 2nd) as they run a really nice resort. If we were w/adults only though we would go to Secrets. The thing we would have liked better was being able to go off resort to town and such and that is just not possible here.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>njmeek
<Content>had a blast at the Iberostar Dominicana The resort was magnificent. The staff was great, especially by the pool, they always got the crowd involved in the games, dance lesson, and aerobics. Ask for the dark rum , you could definitely taste it in your drinks, and the fantasia was just awesome if you like fruity drinks. I went to Playa Del Carmen a few years back and stayed at a RIU resort. The food, activities, and staff at the Iberostar Dominacana were by far much better. We met so many people from the USA, it just made the trip really fun. I would definitely go back, the island is beautiful.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aceishigh
<Content>great holiday but not a 5 star hotel iv just spent 2 weeks at the iberostar dominicana to get married there. we have stayed in the iberostar costa dorada in the dominican republic so i will be comparing it to that hotel.when we arrived at the airport we were faced with just under a 2 hour journey to the hotel, however the coach was air conditioned so it wasnt too bad. When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted with a cool drink which was very welcome., on checking in we were told we were being upgraded to a suite in the dominicana, i was later advised that they try to do this with people who are getting married in the hotel. room : the bathroom was nice, we had a dining table and 3 peice suite plus tv and and balcony off of the lounge, in the next room was the bed with another tv and balcony, i would have reviewed that the furniture was looking a little tired however, next day they carried in a new 3 peice suite and coffee table plus side tables, dont know how far the updating will go though, furniture in lobby had also been replaced that day. we were greeted with lovely cold air conditioning, it was fantastic i never felt hot in the room what so ever. The maid did a excellent job of cleaning i left $2 per day on the pillow and if i ever needed any extra water etc it wasnt a problem, she made swans out of towels and left beautiful flowers in our room. on the day we arrived we had a plate of fruit on the table plus rum and 2 t shirts. The bed was very comfortable and we always slept well. however, our room was 4354 which was located close to the lifts, now this was fine as we always get up early however, if you want a lie in it might be a problem as you could hear it in the morning.beach: breathtaking!!! we really enjoyed taking walks along this and got married there.Pool : two pools plus a childrens pool we spent most of our days there.food: plenty too choose from, i like fish so i really enjoyed it, however got a little repetative, but there was something for everyones taste. managed to get in all restaurants it is true that they were all half full dont know the reason for this but another couple from england couldnt get into any until their 2nd week, as far as im concerned if they have no intention of filling restaurants up why lay so many tables??? very confusing!!!a la carte restaurants very good, particularly enjoyed steak, gourmet, and star rock and oriental. mexican wasnt that great. buffet food was good, breakfast was outstanding!!! soo much choice!!! although we didnt get a stomach bugs alot of people we spoke to including us had strange stomach cramps which i certainly never experience at the other iberostar, only drank bottled water, and im used to eating in different countries, i noted there were alot of flies in the buffet landing on the cold meat and salads so i didnt eat these. however, because buffet is open air this couldnt be helped. still getting the odd stomach cramp now 4 days later!! entertainment: its okay, we enjoyed the audience participation which made us laugh but their were times we went to bed early because we were bored. we went to the disco a couple of times but after 1/2 hour of english music it changed to spanish all night which wasnt very good.wedding: very relaxed and fun alexis was wonderful and we had lovely photos after. we are glad we got married in this location but maybe would have wanted a slightly better hotel .we felt that the hotel was far too big and not as freindy as the iberostar costa dorada so although we enjoyed the location and room i dont think we would return here again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time!!! We traveled as a family to Iberostar Dominicana for Spring Break. Had a great time, just be prepared to wait in lines upon arrival and return at the airports due to customs and immigration. I would recommend getting your passport if you don't have one already. A couple who was on our flight used birth certificates and driver's licenses as I.D.'s and were given a hassle. Resort was great, service was outstanding! They speak Spanish so it is a good idea to brush up before you go, or at least learn common phrases. We taught the kids the basics and they enjoyed conversing in Spanish. Food was good, about what we expected with all-inclusive - everything is fresh and without additives or preservatives, so I actually lost weight! The food is more European cuisine than American, so I stuck with the fresh grilled fish and chicken and the local produce, kids had french fries, pizza, etc. There is an ice cream/milkshake stand and popcorn between the beach and pool areas. The housekeeping was ok. We had to request face washcloths daily as they were not provided unless we asked. I took along small perfume samples to leave the maid, along with a couple of U.S. dollars and candy and we always got what we requested.If you are from the U.S. - bring outlet converters! We didn't have them and had to purchase in the gift shop, only $.70, but still a pain - the converter they sell only works for appliances with the same size prongs, if you have a curling iron or such, that converter is $10.00 U.S.There are small coral reefs right off the shore, if you have snorkeling equipment, bring it if you like to do this sort of thing. It is expensive to rent, and the excursions take about 4 hours. I didn't want to spend 4 hours of my vacation on a boat somewhere. There are plenty of fish on the small reefs. We put crackers in a small plastic bag and fed the fish - they must get fed that way alot, because they were all around us! Bring lots of sunscreen!!! The sun is VERY intense - we brought 8  15 SPF and ended up buying 45 SPF because the kids got burnt the first day - 2 bottles of suntan lotion in the gift shop were over $29.00 U.S.Would definately go back!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pegster
<Content>Loved Area, disappointed in Iberostar Hi all: I apologize if this is lengthy, but as someone who pours over these reviews, I wanted to take an honest, different approach. I have found that people's expectations are different, often based on past experiences, age and expectations. So I will tell you about us, our experiences, and then how and why we developed our review of Iberostar.First, let me say we are a couple who just turned 50; we travel extensively and have been to many islands and resorts in the Caribbean, in addition to cruises.We traveled to Punta Cana (4/2 - 4/9) for our 15-year wedding anniversary; ironically we had gone to Puerto Plata, DR for our honeymoon from hell 15 years ago. Anyway, I convinced my hubby that Punta Cana was the place to go,and we should stay at Iberostar because we had such a wonderful experience with them in Mayan Riviera.I want to be honest, especially for people who are going to this resort for special occasions like honeymoons so here goes.Things that mattered to us:Beach/Grounds/Environment: A+ It is one of the top 3 beaches that we have had the pleasure to visit. Walk the beach and experience the crystal clear water. Note: we saw a couple who were stung by a Portuguese Man-o-war (poisonous jellyfish). Just keep a keen eye for them. It is true -- if you want a good spot on the beach, (we like front row!), 7:30 am might be too late. There are many chairs available, we just wanted to look at the ocean without having to look through people and/or chairs. Also, we missed not having beach drink service -- always a nice perk.Layout of resort: C- for anyone who does not like walking, this is not the resort for you. Took us 3-4 days to get acclimated to the layout; very large and spread out and layed out in a way that does not makes sense.Accommodations: C- We were upgraded to a junior suite, which is actually in the Bavaro area. It had king size bed with flat hard mattress; pillows are hard as well. Things we noticed during week: there is poor ventilation in the bathroom; hence rooms smell musty, there was visible mold on bath ceiling. One morning, we found a cockroach in bed with us; it was dead under my husband! Another morning, we had major leak in our bath from second floor; end of week our toilet stopped up. Left numerous messages but no resolution. Dominicana and Punta Cana are actually hotel rooms but we never saw them, so can't comment.We were in the 2666 section, very close to lobbies, lobby bars, buffet restaurants but long walk to beach.Ask for a second floor if you get in the Bavoro suites.Food: B- We love to eat, and are really not that picky. There is plenty of variety, quantity and avilability. But I seriously thought I had a problem - everything at the buffet restaurants tasted the same. If I closed by eyes, I would not know if I was eating chicken, steak or pork. We ate breakfast at buffets, usually french toast or pancakes. Lunches were OK at the beach buffet; make sure to check out what they are cooking on the outside grille, it can be different that what is inside.Dinners in Restaurants: A- I would recommend Gourmet (lobster outstanding), Steakhouse(very good), we enjoyed the Star Rock Cafe, and loved the fact that no reservations were needed. Observations about reservations are correct, restaurants always half empty. We had 9:30 pm reservation for gourmet; showed up at 7:45 and slipped the host $5 and we were in. I think it works for small parties.Precautions: We brought Immodium and Pepto, my hubby got sick on day 3 with nausea, diarrhea throughout the week. Ruined his vacation, and we were not able to wander far from the resort. Me? I was fine, no problems until I got home and have had stomach cramps and diarrhea! Very weird!Iberostar personnel: A Please remember to tip; not many people do, and it does not matter because you will still receive wonderful service. I just wanted to let them know we appreciate their hard work. You will see many of them there for 16 hours/day. Alcohol: C- I am a wine drinker, and while I did not expect Kendall Jackson, I hoped there might be a little variety. The white tasted like a cheap pinot; red was not too bad. Try the Spanish champagne in the lobby bars. We tried a couple of different drinks; just could not find anything that tasted good or that we really liked...so it was Vino Blanco and Cervaza!Enterainment: they tried hard, but we enjoyed watching sports more over at Rock Star Cafe.Excursions: we did not take any, heard Manatee Park was a disappointment.So in summary, I would go back to Punta Cana at some time, but would look at some different resorts. We did Secrets in Mayan Riviera and it was wonderful. There is one in PC that looks lovely. The people on our plane were raving about the Majestic Colonial - said it was about six months old, all suites and all oceanviews. Plus all restaurants, no reservations and no bufetts.Please go with an open mind as we did, but also understand that you get what you pay for! For us, Iberostar was relatively middle of the road; I would spend a few extra dollars and book at true five or six star resorts, especially when you are travelling to a country like DR.Thanks for reading, and enjoy!Any questions? Post on the forum and I will answer. My screen name is Pegster!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stephdamore270
<Content>The most AMAZING HOTEL EVER!!!!!!!! I know this may be a little too late to post this, but I had such an amazign time at the Iberostar Domincana that I just had to post a review. First of all our arrival was more then pleasent we where greeted with drinks and had our breifing about the hotel right away, make sure you go to breifing!!!Our rooms where so clean and nice we where on the first floor and we loved it we where right off of the pool so we where able to back and fourth quickly. IF you are really nice to the front desk people they'll hook you up with a room thats in a nice spot!!! THe resort is quite large so you might wanna bring everyhting down to the pool or beach that your going to need that day. it was nice going back to rooms to find the flowers the made left us!!! Tipping is good!!!!THe grounds where just breathtaking, they where so well miantained!! The pool was huge however you have to get up early to get a good spot by the pool, like I would get up at about 7:00 go down lay my towels on the chairs and go back to bed!ALL OF THE RESTAURANTS ARE AMAZING!!! There are actually so many to chose from we didn't get to eat at all of them, the Steak House is awsome, same with the seafood and the mexican, and the buffets have so much vairety!!!It is also nice that they have a 24 hour snack bar, that way when you get back from the hotel bar you can eat...mmm.....Ok now the bars, they where a lot of fun, the Star Rock Cafe is a cool place to hang out, a plus is that they hve KAreoke!!! we would always go there for about a hour then move next door to the Disco!!!The staff is so helpful and friendly they come to the disco too and have dance off compettitions it is so much fun!The weather was amazing if you go the first week of may after that begins rain season, becuase the day we left it rained for a week straight afterward!!!Overall my trip was amazing here and I will definetly be going back sometime soon!!! This is an awsome place for teenagers, famailes and couples, by the way I'm 23 and loved it!!!!!! PS: we booked with Apple Vacations and it was wonderful  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall we had a great time Just returned from a week in Punta Cana at the Dominicana. Travelled between March 30th and April 6th with 9 others, ages ranging from 40 -54. Half of the group was from Nova Scotia (that was my group) and the other half from Boston. Rooms - Check-in was very smooth and we were upgraded to a junior suite in one of the villas. The crew from Boston was booked into the Iberostar Punta Cana, which is basically the same hotel. However, they were not upgraded as they don't have junior suites on that side of the resort. After veiwing the rooms that the Boston group had, I was very glad we were upgraded. Not that their rooms were bad...but they were definitely more dated than the suites, were basic hotel rooms and were in very large buildings which made it feel like a regular hotel. I personally like the villa idea better, but to each thier own. The suites had very nice large bathrooms, a living room area with two built in cushioned benches and a nice patio overlooking the gardens. Overall, the rooms were great. We had a few tiny little ants in the bathroom, but as soon as we got rid of the flowers the maid left on the bathroom counter, the ant problem was gone. The maids did an excellent job of cleaning the rooms and were very friendly. The weather - Unfortunately, it rained for the first 2 days and was cold enough for a light jacket at night. We made the best of it, but it really did put a damper on our spirits for the first couple of days. Luckily it cleared up for day 3 and stayed that way for the remainder. We had a light sprinkle late one afternoon, but nothing serious. The sun is viciously hot and sunscreen is a must.The Beach - It is truly beautiful. I've been to Mexico, Cuba, Bahamas, Bermuda, Jamaica and Hawaii and this beach is one of the best. You can walk forever and the sand is lovely. The water was a little rougher than I expected, but it was still very nice. The beach at the hotel does have lots of chairs and beach huts for shade, but we did find it difficult to get one of the large huts for a group our size. However, we did manage to share with others on a couple of days. We always parked ourselves close to the beach bar and had our thermal mugs filled often! We would move up to the pool late in the day and relax there before getting ready for dinner. the water was very nice and the pools are quite large.The food- Overall we had very little problem with the food. Breakfast was by far the most consistently good meal. There was everything you could want and more. There were several options for lunch. We either did the beach grill or made the trek to the main buffet where they prepared quite good pasta. One of the best lunches we had was BBQ ribs and baked potatoes at the beach grill. Supper is where I ran into problems!! The first two nights we ate at the main buffet and I was not overly impressed. I wasn't going to starve, don't get me wrong, but the food was not that great. I tried a lot of different things and liked very few. After the second night we decided to book specialty restaurants for the remainder and things improved greatly. We ate at the Mexican, the tropical, Star Rock and the steakhouse as well as attended a beach dinner hosted by the Star Friends. We preferred most of these to the buffet. Not many of us enjoyed the Star Rock Cafe. We either made bad choices or hit a bad night, because I have read other reviews where people thought it was pretty good. I think I was the only one who didn't enjoy the steakhouse out of our entire group. I don't like steak so I ordered the chicken and it was not cooked properly...it was still pink. The rest of the meal was cold so I passed on dinner that night. The others really enjoyed their steaks though! Overall the food was not as good as what I have experienced in Jamaica or Mexico, but there is no reason who can't find something to enjoy. I did not get sick, but one of the guys from Boston did become very ill and was down and out for 4 days. Not sure what he ate, but something disagreed with his stomach.My personal favorites were the Mexican and the dinner hosted by the Star Friends at the beach grill (apparently they do this once a week only). They had a band with dancing. It was very nice.Staff - The staff were fantastic. The friendliest I have encountered on any of my trips yet. Very lovely people smiling and singing all the time. Entertainment - We did not enjoy the shows at night and chose not to stay for any of them. However, others seemed to really enjoy them. I think this is definitely just a personal opinion thing...you either liked them or you didn't. I do have to say that they did try very hard and you would see the same people working the shows at night that were running the beach and pool entertainment during the day. They work very long hours and put everything they have into it. It just wasn't what we were looking for. We went to the Disco one night. They palyed much more Spanish music than English music, but enjoyed ourselves for the most part. It is definitely geared to the under 30 crowd for sure. We stayed for an hour or so and then called it quits. The gym - Went to the gym three mornings and had good workouts. It opens at 7. It is an open gym right on the beach. They have 2 steppers, an eliptical, 2 bikes and 3 treadmills (only 2 currently work) as well as weights and ab machines. It's not a big facility, but I only had to wait once for a machine and that was 10 mins max. Great way to burn off all those Banana Mamas I had!!!The grounds - Beautiful! They are incredibly well kept and gorgeous to walk around.Overall - I had a great time with great friends which is the most important thing. The hotel is rated as a 4 star and I think that rating is fair. I have stayed at 5 star resorts(Grand Lido in Jamaica and Paladium in Mexico) and the Dominicana did not compare in either the food or facilities, but there is a big difference between 4 and 5 stars and overall I was very pleased with the resort.Hope this review hels and have a great time if you go!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was WONDERFUL! =] This hotel was just beautiful! We had a great time, even though it rained a few days while we were there... it was a blast! And I came back with a nice tan! I would definetly recommend this resort to other people, the staff is so friendly, the grounds are beautiful and the beach is the best of all! The food I will admit is on the shaky side but I still found stuff that I liked! It's a different country and they do things differently than the US so you have to appreciate their way of life. Overall GREAT trip! You will not be dissapointed if you come here! =]  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Punta Cana is beautiful; Will never use Apple Vacations Again My wife and I planned for months a getaway for our 15th anniversary. We originally planned to go to Riviera Maya in the Yucatan, but the hurricanes wiped us out. We had the option of going to Punta Cana instead and took it. I will keep this brief with a couple of points:1. We planned to stay at Secrets in Punta Cana. Basically Apple Vacations overbooked the hotel and we were punted to Iberostar Dominicana -- not nearly the 6-apple resort we were expecting. Apple didn't tell us until we arrived and we felt like our hands were tied. Apple promised us onsite that they would provide either a free trip back or some sort of financial refund. What a joke--here we are four months later with nothing. Apple vacations has received the last dime from me.2. Punta Cana is beautiful and we had a good time even through the shenanigans by Apple. The beaches were beautiful and the hotel was ok, but not excellent. I would recommend Punta Cana, but not the Iberostar Dominicana if you are expecting a top hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyHoosier
<Content>Good but not the best Just returned from Punta Cana. I had read the reviews about this report prior to our vacation. I was a bit confused about the Punta Cana side and the Dominican side. I now know it to be two large hotels with a fabulous garden in between with winding walk ways and beautiful flowers. The beach was one of the best I've seen. The pool was beautiful. The rooms were adequate but do need updating. We struggled with our safe and later found out that if just needed new batteries. The adapters for the electric were a pain but worked ok (I kept mine for further trips). I did not enjoy the buffets or the speciality places as much as when we stay at Jamaica. The meat is too tough for me. Breakfast was the highlight of my meals.I enjoyed the shows, the bars, and I won $125 at the casino on a 5 cent slot. If you are over 30 go to the disco early! The teenagers come and pretty much take over the later hours.I was very dissappointed by the Swim with the dolpins at Manatee Park. It was a very small pool with 3 poor dolphins in it. It was sad.I had a friend do the quad adventure and had a blast.We had two rainy days which I know is not usually the case at this time of year.All in all a good vacation spot.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!! My husband and I travelled to this resort from March 15-22/2006. After reading some of the comments, I realize that some people will never be happy no matter where they travel. First of all, let me tell you that everything about this resort was fabulous. By tje way, arriving on a Wednesday was kind of nice because my husband and I were the only ones on the bus who were staying at this resort. I know that when you arrive on a Saturday or Sunday this is not the case and you could end up waiting in line. Our trip started out with a little cocktail in the lobby as we arrived (3:00 p.m.) followed by a little sun on the beach. The food was great! The buffet had a variety to please anyone. From pasta to chicken, porc, beef, salads, lots of fish etc. We made our reservations at the a la carte restaurants on the second night. We were able to get the reservations we wanted at the time we wanted.The only suggestion I have is to be on the beach by 8:30 or 9:00 at the latest in order to reserve your beach chair (if you want shade). Even though they tell you not to reserve chairs, everyone does and we ended up with no shade on our first day. The beach is incredibly beautiful. We got 5 minutes of rain in 7 days. We didn't have our thermos mug but we will definately bring them next time we travel.The service was great and the staff is sooo helpful all the time. You can do lots of free activities as well (for those who can't be lying down for 8 hours straight). We played volleyball, did aerobics in the pool and on the beach, played waterpolo and did alot of walking on the beach. Everything is so nicely groomed and clean (I mean they sweep the little sidewalk by the beach all day long). I don't know what else to say but trust me, you won't regret it if you stay at this resort.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Things To Know My wife and 12 year old son just returned from the Iberostar Dominicana which shares grounds, bars, and restaurants with Iberostar's Punta Cana and Bavaro. Here are a few thoughts/experiences.While admitedly the bus trip from the airport had us wide eyed doubting our decision to go the the D.R., that section of road is an uncharacteristic view of the rest of the D.R..It took a while for us to unwind from the whirl of travel and the rush of our lives and settle into vacation mode. The lobby is welcoming tropical beacon. The landscaping in a word...gorgeous. The soft beach sand encourages long walks. All staff was friendly and usually multi-lingual. I loved practicing my Spanish, but English only is just fine.A rough guess of visitors prime language: 30% English, 20% French, 20% German, 20% Spanish.You could be as busy as you wanted or as relaxed. We had no problems getting pool side loungers or a beach pallapa. In addition to a large choice of optional non-stop organized activies, there was the; natural beauty, pool, ocean, food, and drinks. Each evening had different shows, bands, contests, and dancing. The talent was truely amazing. We especially liked the Grammy's and Broadway shows. The 2 night clubs go to 3am.We brought snorkle gear and snorkled to small reefs right off the beach, though extra cost day trips were far better for that. The waves at Punta Cana were not made for surfing or boogie boarding though other areas of the D.R. are different and known for that. Windsurfing and Hobie Cat sailing was great. Do sign up for tennis court time early each morning or be disappointed!On Punta Cana Beach the trade winds blow a steady 20 mph but pool side breezes were lighter. There were no mosquitos, or no-see-ums. Make sure to use sun screen or you will be sorry. That sun is hot. The ocean was about 72 degrees the pools about 78.Yes, the buffet food wasn't great. Not bad, but not great. The diversity of choices more than made up it. The seasoning were Carribean and different which is why I like traveling to foreign countries. The theme restauants were actually quite good by the way. Theme restauants request long pants and collared shirts for men. I saw no suit coats. Elsewhere else was strickly T-shirts, shorts, and swimwear.We drank only bottled water (the water at the restaurants is out of the tap)and had lots of iced drinks. We did not get ill.We took two day trips; The Marinaria and Bavaro Runners. Both were fun. The Runners trip showed the real side of the D.R. we had come to see. The road from the airport is not representative of the D.R. at all. If you do Bavaro runners - seriously - be sure to bring enough cash for souveigners; photo ops, coffee, cocoa, real cigars, massages, rum, jewelry, even a DVD about the D.R. with you in it. Yes, the rooms were simply O.K. but who spends that much time in their room? We visited other nearby resorts which were much more posh. At one I almost wished I had a neck tie - no thanks. Most others we visited made us glad we were where we were. The Dominicana was very comfortable. On an overall scale the resort was like a Raddison.Remember this is not America; which is why we went. Bring your sense of adventure. Have a Santa Libre or a Miami Vice at the bar. Get out...explore and by all means try to pack light.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>duny59
<Content>loved the resort, had trouble eating my wife and i really enjoyed the grounds and the people at this resort. this is a beautifully manicured resort. the landscaping is perfect. the beach is to die for. the bars and the service was just great. our problem came with eating. the food looks good and tastes good, but the consistancy of the meat is chewy at best. i feel they have a problem with the water. everyone we met or talked to, had the runs at one time or another, or all week. bottled water is in the rooms and you are given a gallon of water to use in your bath room. i think the ice in the cocktails is not up to digestive standards. my wife was sick most of the week, and i lasted 6 days before the dam broke. i took imodium and took the max in 2 hours. no help. i went to their famacia, and bought a bottle of pepto bismal, (8 oz) for $21 dollars. i would have paid $121. at that time. that did the trick. when you go, bring everything you need. hairspray, $17. sun tan lotion $16. the resort has you hostage, as there is no where to go other than the tours. the apple rep said don,t go to town without a group, not safe. don,t use the casino, everyone loses. and they did. the only way i would go back, is to have someone else pay for it. thanks  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tempest2
<Content>Great Beach, not so great food Iberostar Dominicana 3-13-06 to 3-20-06 芦 on: March 21, 2006, 08:42:56 AM 禄 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Just returned last night from our first all-inclusive. The beach was wonderful. Best suggest off the the board was the thermos mugs!! Went down early for shade chairs, ate at the buffet restaurant by the pool  beach for Breakfast. Our service was very good most of the stay. The grounds are very nice and well maintained. The rooms are functional but not comfortable, and are in need of new furniture, bedding and paint. Maid service was pretty good, just not timely. It was hit or miss when it came to getting face cloths. The food was very disappointing. Our son and his wife were very upset by this as it was such a change from all-inclusive they had been to before. The restaurant reservations set up is a joke. They tell you it is full for the week, even though you are just arrived. The only openings start at 9:30 p.m., after refusing and getting upset they manage a few openings for you. After we were in the restaurants the tables were all half empty and never did fill up the whole time we were there. This was true for all three that we ate at. Other people said that they had the same experience, without us asking or giving our view. The food in the restaurants was hardly worth the hassle of going there. The steak house has beach sand for the floor, so don't go wearing good shoes. Most of the ladies ended up taking shoes off to walk. While this was not a problem and was fun play in the sand with your feet under the table, I would not have dressed up had I known. Our service in the restaurants and buffet was actually very good. Very sad the people had to serve food that was disappointing to the guests. We all tried various foods at the buffet. The Mexican and pasta were about the best foods for dinner. The sweet bread at breakfast was our favorite. The made to order omelets would be better if they would cook them more throughly. When you tell them to keep cooking it, they do not really seem to understand why. Same goes for the huge pans of eggs they scramble (yes really whole eggs scrambled, not the kind of American buffets that are predone. )Arriving at the Punta Cana airport was not bad and seems fairly organized. Leaving it awful. We stood in lines for two straight hours. That was pretty rough on my husbands bad leg. There were no chairs for him to wait while we were in line. He cannot sit on the ground and get back up so that was not a choice. We saw many others do that. You get off the bus to the people grabbing your luggage and taking off with it. We had to stop them as we were still waiting for one of our bags and for our son and his wife. They are most insistant and we had to keep telling them no and taking the bags away from them. They take it all of maybe 50 feet. We might even have let them do it, because we know it is their income and a few dollars is not going to kill us for a tip. They just were way too aggressive. The bag inspection is first and they do each persons bags (all of them). Then you go stand in the next line to the left to check in and get a ticket. Then to another line to go into the airport, then another line to pass through the security scanner carry on and body. We needed restrooms by this time and were just locating them when we hear a last boarding call for our flight. We never heard a first boarding call. Found out later there wasn't one. Husband was the only one to get a potty break. Went though another check point line and told them he was on his way. Stood in another line at the end of the airport then walked the full length of the airport outside to the airplane. We were sent out gate 5, our plane was at gate 1., waited in line to get on the plane. Once settled in on the plane we took off really quick. No waiting for airspace here. We left early and arrived early. That was nice. USA 3000 airline personal are great and personable. You get a drink and a Little meal right away after leveling off. Much appreciated after all the waiting around. Arrival in Detroit was fine, customs fairly quick, as was baggage claim.We would not return to this resort. We might return to this beach if we could find a resort that had better food, room service, beach drink service and newer or update rooms.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved every minute We went to the this resort March 19 to 26. We loved every minute. From the moment we stepped off the bus we knew we were going to enjoy our vacation.Everyone was friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and spacious.The pool was amazing. The grounds immaculate.We enjoyed the food and all the activities.The entertainers worked very hard to keep everyone happy and gave a wonderful show in the evenings.Would definitely return!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What A Wonderful Place! My significant other and I traveled to the Iberostar Dominicana because others that we knew had booked there for the same week. I have traveled and stayed at all-inclusives in Jamica and Mexico and my stay at the Dominicana was the best experience so far. When we checked in we were immediately upgraded to a Jr. Suite(without asking!) and were taken to a beautiful room with on ocean view on the second floor.Thoughout the week housekeeping did a beautiful job. The beach was breathtaking and we never had a problem getting chairs with our own thatched umbrella. We loved the iguana, python and parrots for photo ops! We were impressed by the buffets and could always find something that tweaked our tastebuds. I made reservations for 3 of the specialty resturants in about 10 minutes and throughly enjoyed them all, but special praise must go to the gourmet resturant and the succulent lobster!! The steak, the night before, was thick and rare... a pleasant surprise.The entertainment was just that.... entertaining. Some very impressive, others just silly... but we like silly!! The staff really earns their money working days and at night! We loved not knowing which charater would show up on the beach the next day! I was prepared for bug bites, but not a one! We loved the peacocks and flamingos wondering around and have a great picture of the mascot chicken! The grounds are beautiful and immaculate. We overheard that the Iberostar Bavaro was nicer but after a stroll over found that not to be true. Even though we had a parasailing mishap, we highly recommend the Dominicana and will return! Nicki  Jim  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NikiF
<Content>Nice for all-inclusive We just got back from 5 nights at the Iberostar, and have no complaints. We enjoyed the buffet more than the full service restaurants. We found that you can show up for a seating at almost any time, regardless of your reservations. Maybe we just got lucky, but we found that to be the case. The full service restaurants were a combination of buffet and sit down. Don't get stressed out if you can't get a reservation - you're not missing much. We ate at the steak house, le maribe and the gourmet (lobster ) restaurants. The service was quick in the buffets, our wine glasses were never empty. Peter at the make-your-own pasta bar at the buffet went out of his way to make some real tasty dishes. Lunches by the beach were pretty good. The room was nice, with fresh flowers and good cleaning. The entertainment was about standard for an all-inclusive (fair to poor), but we had lots of fun in the casino.It was tough to make a reservation for sailing, so if you want to sail a couple of days then make reservations on your first day. The grounds were perectly maintained, and we kept commenting on the overall cleanliness of the resort. We left a tip for the housekeeper, and requested extra water. She stocked our minibar with water and left an extra gallon on the side. We stayed in the main building with a view of the pool. We were originally placed in the upgraded mini suites, but we found them to be out of the way. We have gone to many all-inclusives, and found this one to be good value for the money.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>christymfowler
<Content>Great place, tiny problems Visited Punta Cana for the first time last week. It was beautiful and relaxing. The Iberostar was a great place to stay, but we had a few of the typical propblems I had read about and one we didn't expect. I took a converter, but my hair dryer blew out our unit's fuse box the first night. There was a hair dryer in the bath, but it was too hot  crowded for me to be drying while he was shaving, etc. It was wet hair for the week for me. The next morning the ceiling in our bath was bowed down with a giant leak from above, it soaked the floor and the ceiling looked like it could come down any minute. We called the front desk, left for the beach, and it was all fixed and cleaned up when we returned. The whole complex lost electricity for about 5 minutes one night also. None of these things were vacations ruiners, just minor glitches.Now on to the good...beautiful beaches  water, friendly staff (except for one health bar worker with a chip on his shoulder  no desire to give anyone juice), fabulous food, even on the buffets. The food was better than on any cruise or AI I have ever been to. Communication was not a problem, reservations in the ala carte restaurants were easily obtained, always could find a beach chair.That's enough. I would have like to have stayed longer  will return. Happy travels!Christy  Darren, Missouri  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wreynolds1595
<Content>Wonderful Relaxing Vacation Place             George the Rooster  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ibero Star Exceeded My Expectation               
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Littleone15
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana/PC, Awesome place, best vacation yet!!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will definately return!! Just returned from our trip to the Iberostar Dominicana. We were there from February 26th to March 5th. There were seven of us, in our group including my 2 year old Daughter. I would definately recommend this place. Beach: Beautiful. Very clean, lots of chairs and shade. A five minute walk to shopping along the beach. Lots of water activities to do.Food: Very tasty, in comparison to Mexico and Cuba, which we've travelled to in the past. Lots of variety. They have a big grill right on the beach, and everyday they barbecued different stuff. The restaurants were good too. We ate at the Star Rock Cafe, the Mexican Restaurant and the Steak House. We enjoyed the buffetts over the restaurants though. They also have an Ice cream machine and a popcorn machine, and an ice cream stand.Pools: Great! Very clean, again lots of seats and shade. They have a toddler pool for anyone travelling with young children, which was a hit with my Daughter. She had a great time there. Grounds: Very tropical looking. Beautiful flowers everywhere, and lots of pink Flamingos. Clean, very clean, they are costantly walking around the grounds, the pools and the beach picking up garbage and cups. Activities: Always something going on. They had magic shows, dance contests, drinking contests etc. daily on the beach. Lots of games for people to play. They really know how to entertain they're guests. FOR KIDS: They had a little playground and a mini-club with toys and activities. Again, my Daughter really enjoyed herself, since there were so many different things to do. Show: The shows were good. They rotated the nights, with one night being the show they put on for you and the next night being audience involvment. The staff have a lot of energy and they are very friendly. Rooms: Nice rooms. Cleaned nicely. Mini - fridge stocked every second day, but if you asked for more it wasnt a problem. I would definately recommend this place to anyone who's considering going!!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation in Paradise Just got back yesterday after spending a week 2/13-2/20 at this resort for my 40th Birthday. My wife and I have been to several Carribean Islands but there is no comparison to this resort! This place is gorgeous. We traveled with 3 other couples and did not hear any complaints. The grounds are immaculate and stunning. Tips:-take your own beer mugs or plastic cups w/ lids. They will be glad to fill them up for you w/ your favorite drink. The glasses they supply tend to get smaller as the day goes on and the lid will keep the sand out.-Make dinner reservations as soon as you arrive. You are allowed three reservations per room for a 7 night stay, BUT you can put down as many people as you want in your party per reservation. For example: we had 8 people in our party so each room made reservations for 8 people which allowed us to eat in a restaurant every night. Our favorite was the Steakhouse and the Gourmet. Also, one night we messed up and didn't have a reservation but we gave a $5 tip at the door which got us in.-Take a lot of $1 bills for tipping because it is difficult to get change once you're there. Tipping is not expected but it sure goes along way and is much appreciated. 31 pesos=1 U.S. dollar. -mini bar in the room is filled every other day. Once again these rules are made to be broken. I gave the maid $2 or $3 a day and I never ran out of beer, soda or bottled water. Don't use the tap water. The maid will give you gallon jugs of bottled water if you ask.-Take lots of suntan lotion and munchies for the room. It's very expensive in the gift shop.-Markets are a short walk to your right on the beach. Don't pay the asking price. Rule of thumb is to offer 30% of asking price. Walk away and they will give it to you at your price.-We did the Kon Tiki Party Raft excursion which was a great time. It Cost $62 a person for 4hrs. They had a live Steel Drum Band on board with unlimited rum punch and beer. We snorkled for an hour and danced the rest of the time.-The beach is breathtaking. I never saw sand so white and soft. The water is a spectcular shade of turquoise with the water temp. in the 80's.-Don't forget the Immodium. You might experience and upset stomach once in a while but nothing serious.I have made it a point never to travel to the same place twice because there are so many other places to see, but I am definitely going back to this resort.If you don't enjoy yourself here, you might want to check your pulse. Have Fun and Relax!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever! My boyfriend and I went to the Iberostar Dominicana from Jan 6-13 and had a great time! We booked our vacation through Apple and would definitely recommend it for anyone else considering a trip to the Caribbean. Having the Apple Reps at the airport and the transportation to and from the resort made things a lot easier when we arrived. Also, the reps at the resort were so friendly and were always available if you had any questions or wanted to go on an excursion. When we arrived at the resort it was gorgeous! The grounds are beautiful and the staff keep everything very clean. There are flamingos, peacocks, and a huge chicken named George that roam the grounds. We had a jr. suite, which was quite comfortable. They cleaned the room daily and restocked the minibar every other day. One day when we returned to the room, we found an animal made out of towels that our maid had put together and placed on a table, which I thought was adorable! We made dinner reservations the first day we were there, which I'd strongly recommend because they do book up quickly. We ate at the Steakhouse on the beach, the Gourmet, and the Tropical, all of which we thought were really good. The Gourmet was our favorite because they gave you a set five course meal, which included a delicious lobster tail! There was even a 3-person mariache band that went around and played at each table! For the most part, the food at the buffets were good, and sometimes they had chefs preparing food, like paella and kabobs, on the beach. Some reviews have said that the food isn't good, but keep in mind it's a foreign country, so things will taste differently. We stayed away from dairy and some of the items at the salad bars. Overall, we had no problems with getting sick and were always able to find foods we enjoyed.The pool is huge and beautiful! We usually got out there around 10:30 or 11 am and never had a problem finding chairs. The part of the pool closest to the towel stand was generally less crowded so that's where we stayed to relax. The beach was breathtaking and there were plenty of palapas and chairs to go around. There were a few topless people on the beach, but really not that many. Drinks were really good! The only place they really had top-shelf liquor was in the lobby bar, but it's really not a big deal--all the drinks tasted great no matter where you got them from. I'd recommend the Iberostar, a good dessert drink, and the Coco Loco, which is good anytime of the day!As for tipping, we'd sometimes tip the bartenders and always tipped at dinner, even at the buffets because the servers would bring us drinks and clear our plates. We also tipped the maid when we left. The staff at the resort are incredibly nice and most understood a good amount of English. We never encountered anyone working at the resort that was pushy to get a tip. The only individuals like that were at the airport, the men trying to carry your luggage a few feet or the musicians.We did go on one excursion to Manati Park, which was fun! There are a lot of animals, mostly birds and reptiles, to look at, and the iguanas basically roam free throughout the park so watch out when you walk on the paths! There is also an opportunity to swim with dolphins, but we felt it was too pricey. We, along with another couple, were able to go into a large birdcage to take pictures and feed the birds after tipping a worker a few dollars. It was a neat experience. There is also an area near the entrance to the park with little shops and food stands where you can get drinks, with rum of course, made in a pineapple or coconut!We also went to the flea market located on the beach just next to the resort. The sellers are a little pushy to get you to buy things, but we didn't think they were overly aggressive. My boyfriend was the one who handled all the haggling and we got some nice souvenirs, like picture frames and jewelry! We had a fabulous time at the Iberostar Dominicana!! The weather was great, it was around 80F the whole week and wasn't very humid. Everday was sunny, with only a few times when it rained for about 5 minutes and stopped. We spoke with many people who were on our flight home who also stayed here and everyone loved it as well. We'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a wonderful resort and a great, relaxing vacation! :)  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just a fabulous place! Just retrned from 2 weeks at this fabulous resort. A tropical break from the U.K.'s winter and what a tonic it was! The hotel shares facilities with it's sister hotel the Punta Cana located in the same manicured grounds. Very high standards of hygiene, service and food. 2 buffet style eating places and 5 ala carte (which need to be booked) and are truly excellent.The pools are great with plenty of beds and best of all the beach of fine white sand stretches for miles and is very safe.The airport transfer time was quite long at nearly 2 hours due to low season flights going to LaRomana airport. All in all a wonderful place!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation! Just returned from a week at this resort (Feb 4-11). There were 6 in our group and we all had a great time. We went through Apple Vacations, which we have used before, and there were no problems here.Upon arriving at the airport, we got our $10 tourist cards, which were then taken from us after being stamped. We thought we needed them to leave, but apparently not. Do make sure when you leave that you get immigration forms from either your Apple rep or at the airport when you check in.Got our luggage and found the Apple people; they directed us to our transfer bus. Beware of the porters trying to act like they work for Apple; they are just looking to take your luggage to the bus and then want a tip. It鈥檚 not that far to the bus, so if you can manage your luggage by yourself, do it. About 陆 hour ride to the resort. The room was very spacious and was always very clean. Air conditioning worked very well (almost too well for me, but hubby likes the room very cold!) You will more than likely need the outlet adapter; but as others have stated, they sell them in the store by the lobby. Also, there are no clocks in the rooms.Headed to the buffet for the first night and found lots of good things to eat. We ended up only having dinner at the buffet on 3 of the nights. We ate the other nights at the Steakhouse, Mexican, Tropical, and Star Rock Caf茅. They were all very good. Reservations are required for all but the Star Rock. Star Rock has open seating from 7-9 PM. And contrary to what you might read, of these 4 restaurants, long pants for the men are only required for the Mexican restaurant. Now that doesn鈥檛 mean you can wear your swim trunks and flip flops to the others; should wear nice 鈥淏ermuda鈥?type shorts to the Steakhouse and Tropical. More casual clothes (i.e., jean shorts) are fine for the Star Rock. The Steakhouse, Mexican, and Tropical all have small buffets for the appetizers; thought the Mexican was the best on this.As for breakfast and lunch, the buffets are what they are 鈥?buffets. If you鈥檙e expecting 5-star cuisine, you鈥檒l be disappointed. Thought the breakfast buffet was very good 鈥?you can get eggs and omelettes made to order; loved the pancakes and the sugar donuts. Tip on the pancakes 鈥?they only make them on one side; a plate gets made up and carried to the other buffet. So if you want the freshest ones, get them from the side where you can see the guy actually making them. Yes it is basically the same thing every day, but how much different can you get with breakfast? There鈥檚 all the basic breakfast stuff, and some things that Americans don鈥檛 think of as breakfast foods, but apparently are normal for Europeans.The lunch buffet down by the beach was pretty good; I usually had pasta and fish or chicken of some kind (and fries and nachos!). And they cook up something on the big grill outside; paella a couple of the days, brats and burgers another day. It maybe got a little repetitious, but we never went hungry. Our big limitation on the buffets is that we don鈥檛 eat any of the salad or fruit 鈥?just think this is why a lot of people get sick. Ice cream stand next to the beach buffet was very good.Beach was very beautiful and we never had any problems finding beach chairs or a palapa. But, we are also early risers and were usually settled in by 9:30 or so. Sort of a 鈥渟hortcut鈥?to get to the beach: exit the building from the opposite side from the pool/elevators. There is a nice straight walkway all the way to the beach. If you exit the other way, the walkway kind of meanders through the grounds, you have to go around the pool, and through the tables outside the buffet.Also, grounds are very nice and well maintained. There are a few flamingos and peacocks, and most days we saw George the rooster strutting his stuff.As for the Europeans vs. Americans thing 鈥?yes it is predominantly Europeans, but we never had a problem with rude Europeans as some people have talked about in other reviews. If anything, it was the Americans we had a problem with. We encountered several cases of Americans on the beach who felt the need to talk non-stop and did not seem to have any volume control. It鈥檚 no wonder Americans get a reputation of being loud and obnoxious. This seemed to be more of a problem when we were on the Punta Cana side of the beach one day.Service by the bartenders and bar waitresses was good. We do tip these people, so that might be part of the reason for the good service. We found other staff to be very friendly. Would like to have had a better selection of liquor; Iberostars in Mexico seemed to do better in this area. But, the El Presidente (draft) was always cold and my husband enjoyed the Bohemia beer (bottled). Seemed to only be able to get the Bohemia in the minibar in your room or at the lobby bar.We did the Marinarium snorkel excursion and that was a lot of fun. The nurse sharks were very cool (and very large!!). Saw some interesting fish and the coral was OK, but we have gotten spoiled in that we don鈥檛 usually snorkel with large groups of people, so that was the only downside.All in all, it was a great vacation and a much needed break from the Ohio winter!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wellfleet50
<Content>had great time my wife and I spent one week in Punta Cana at the Iberostar Dominicana from Feb 5 - Feb 12. Arrived late on Sunday. Didnt have chance to see beach or use pools. Monday we had an opportunity to see the hotel and the beaches. We loved it and had a great time. Lunches and dinners were great. If you cant find something to eat then you have a problem. I think each of us gained a few pounds. Did not take any trip just spent time at the beach and pools. Hotel was crowded and busy. People from the US Holland Europe etc. Had great time and would go back. ATT Wellfleet Massachusetts  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful !!! more then we expected what a wonderful relaxing vacation. we loved all of it. the hotel was great room was excellant staff friendley and very helpful(with the exceptance of the casino staff) food was new and we tried new dishes. we never got sick on anything. truly a beautiful country. we loved it and we will definatly be back!! k. and m. ohio USA  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Enjoyable, but... In a nutshell: never stayed at an all-inclusive place before... but it was good -- esp. for the price and convenience. Hotel grounds were IMPECCABLE. the staff works very hard to keep it that way. Service was TREMENDOUS. Very friendly staff and quite gracious. Rooms were FAIR. Tho' we were upgraded to a Jr. Suite, the room was definitely worn (tho' the beds and linens were comfy). AC unit was quite loud-- but it did work. Didn't spend much time in the room, so it wasn't a big deal-- but it definitely wasn't what I'd call luxurious. Beach was AMAZING. Silky sand, lots of chaises at this time of year, palm huts to escape the sun... water was choppy-- but nice. Snorkeled a bit-- even did the 90 minute snorkel trip. Worth the money (was cheap). Pool was HUGE and very nice. Only major drawback, in my opinion, was the food. Buffets were large, but no variety day-to-day. Fish wasn't as fresh as I thought it'd be... beef was tough (expected), chicken was fine, tho. Most bizarre Caesar Salad I've ever eaten... try it and you'll know what I mean. AND... if you are a coffee drinker, be advised... if you get it with milk usually, you may not like their milk. It actually tasted fake... (but who needs coffee when you can drink slushy style pina coladas all day, eh?)Suggestions that other folks made hold true: bring an insulated plastic water bottle if you plan on drinking a lot, bring singles for tipping, bring bug spray and anti-itch stuff if you are prone to bites (we sat on our porch for 45 minutes and i got lots of bites).All in all-- very nice for the price. Don't know that I'd go back since there are other places to consider... flight attendants on our trip back (who've stayed at a number of places, since their route is Punta Cana) suggested Sunscape. May try that next... but you really can't do badly at the Dominicana.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mcmurdo
<Content>Loved Iberostar Dominicana and Punta Cana area Hola!! Buenos Dias! Como esta?Woohoo!!The trip was WONDERFUL!Our hotel was exceptional in service, cleanliness and friendliness. Rooms are clean and large--we were upgraded to a suite without even asking! Food was great, pool never croweded and the beach was clean, clear and not too many topless 60 year olds!Nothing went wrong, the weather was great! The people of the DR are so friendly and actually like Americans since we are not demanding and rude! We toured some towns, saw a typical Dominican house, went through some caves to see Taino petroglyphs, took a speed boat in the middle of the Atlantic ocean and snorkeled (I drove!). Took an outback safari jeep tour and saw coffee, cocoa and tobacco plantations鈥攕ampled a lot of coffee and cocoa鈥?not cigars), took a river raft trip, boogie boarded on the Caribbean鈥攍et鈥檚 see 鈥揥hat else鈥?ate raw sugar cane (yum!) tried mamajuana鈥擭O NOT MARA-JUANA !!!Mama-juana-which is a drink made from roots, herbs, honey, sangria and rum. It is said to cure some health issues as well as act as a natural aphrodisiac鈥?.forgot to buy some of that to bring home! We went through a replica of a 16th century Italian village (??) - and saw the church where Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie Presley were married..in an area called Casa de Campo 鈥?saw a natural amphitheater and beautiful artwork by local students. If you ever get a chance to go to the Caribbean鈥擥O HERE! You would not be disappointed. I never felt un-safe..the guides on our tours were great! The hotel staff was exceptional and the shows at night were Las Vegas style shows 鈥?these people are talented!!And boy can they flirt---Lets see鈥擟aramello, (our guide on the speedboat/snorkel tour) Then there was Jose, Roberto, Miguel, Romeo, Raphael, Emanuel鈥攖o name a few. Very nice-cute and FRIENDLY but not in an annoying way-they know it鈥檚 all for fun (and tips鈥攐f course鈥攄o you think we were that na茂ve to think it was NOT for tips??? I will definitely be back there again to see another part of the island鈥擯uerto Plata is next!!Of course some areas are poor-being a third world country, but you can tell that they are a proud people and proud of their history. We learned a lot of the interesting history and culture of this island鈥攃an you believe most of the people that visit just stay IN the resort? They are missing so much!!I should have pictures in a few days-- I just got back yesterday!!!Adios!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelingMan
<Content>Return to Dominicana We had a group heading to the Dominicana for the last week in January. Prior we had read some reviews that worried us. As we suspected, some people are a little more picky than others. We had a great time at the Dominicana and would recommend it to anyone thinking about booking a reservation. Based on some of the other reviews I read:1. Yes, the electric outlets require a two-prone adapter for some equipment. My camera battery recharger fit without an adapter but my wifes hairdryer plug didn't. If you do not have one, they sell them at the store in the lobby for 65 cents. 2. Yes, take along a thermos mug. The bartenders are more than happy to rinse it out and fill it up with your favorite beverage. 3. The employee's were always more than willing to assist you. Most of them spoke and/or understood english better than I speak or understand spanish. 4. Tipping: That is a personal choice. We left a tip for the girl that attended to our room each day. I don't know what they are paid by the hour, but I'm sure it's not much and we appreciated the hard work they did for us. I never tipped the people that cleaned the tables off and brought beverages to our table but I did tip the bartender or the waitress that was bringing us drinks during the shows. I do believe it improved our service.5. The entertainment was the only complaint we had. They tried hard but it just wasn't what we were interested in. The entertainment was geared more towards the europeans. The announcer usually spoke in spanish so we never understood was going on. But you could tell they worked hard at putting on a show so we hung in there each night. Every night they had audience participation. That is okay once in a while, but every night?We sat there and watched the shows while having a couple drinks.6. We did find the grounds to be very beautiful and well maintained. It was not that long of a walk from the lobby to the beach, however if you have a problem walking it probably would feel like a long walk. I did see people being shuttle around in golf carts by the employee's. 7. A member of our group was injured while riding on the banana boat. She fell off and landed on another rider in the water and thought she cracked some ribs. Someone ran up to the bar while we got her out of the water. Immediately a manager was on hand and he radioed for medical assistance. Within 3 minutes two paramedics and the resort doctor was on the scene and administering first aid. Our friend ended up being taken to the local hospital by ambulance where she received excellent care. The Apple representative also came to the hospital to check on her well being and made sure that she was being cared for. She had to pay for the visit using her credit card but the bill will be covered through personal health insurance and the trip insurance that we purchased through Apple Vacations. 8. We drank the bottled water that was provided by the resort. We had ice cubes in our drinks and had no problems. We followed the recommendation of the resort staff and DID NOT brush our teeth with or drink the tap water. 9. Excursions: We went on the snorkelling trip and swam with the sharks and sting-rays. They provide the equipment, which was in very good condition. It was a nice trip and the people on the boat were very nice. We had a good time that day. 10. We took a snorkelling trip from the company that operates off the beach. No complaints there either. They provide the equipment, which was in very good condition. We enjoyed ourselves. 11. On both snorkelling trips we had to climb a ladder to get out of the water and back on the boat. If you have a medical condition that prevents you from pulling your body weight up a ladder I suggest you find another excursion because that can be a tough climb. 12. I read where someone said bring snacks. Yes if you want to munch on a favorite snack,potato chips or something like that, you may want to bring some. However they do sell that stuff in the store and I thought the prices were comparable to other resort stores that I have been in. But yes, there are no pretzels or potato chips on the buffet or at the bar. 13. We made reservations three different times for the different restaurants. We enjoyed the meals and service. However, we found the food on the buffet to be very good with plenty of variety. 14. I read the review about the obnoxious Americans. I bet the person that wrote that review had good cause. I have seen some people in action after a couple drinks and letting loose a little. However at the same time I was amazed at the number of times I was elbowed out of the way and stepped in front of by europeans at the buffets. So I guess we all have problem people that don't know how to act when they go out. For the most part I didn't see any problems and people got along just fine.15. We saw some bugs. Of course we did. We have bugs in this country also. But our rooms were not infested and they were never a problem. 16. Stop and say hello to George the rooster who hangs out at the lounge. He apparently likes the shows because he is there every night. 17. The beach is great. Plenty of lounge chairs and huts for everyone. Someone was always collecting the glasses and /or trash. Now,if only the tourists would stop throwing their trash and dirty glasses around we would be getting somewhere. Finally, this is one of the nicest beaches and resorts around... do not be afraid to try it.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! Loved it! We went for a wedding, so if you're thinking of doing this - DO IT! We went to the beach in the morning, showed up for the wedding, and then partied all night. The wedding coordinator takes care of everything.Here are some tips I thought might help.1 - Bring a thermal mug with a top. I brought one because of a previous review and everyone bought one from the gift shop the next day. I drank coffee on the beach and pina colodas at the pool, I just had them wash it out and fill it back up - it was great.2 - Get a massage. In the US a 60 min massage usually ends at 45 min, but here they do it FOREVER. It was like a religious experience.3 - The thermastat is near the headboard, and we would tie a sarong on the fan at a low setting to keep the motion detector thinking we were still in there. The electricity for some things does turn off while you are sleeping or gone.4 - Understand that Americans are the minority. We had a great time with the Europeans, after introducing ourselves as the obnoxious Americans! So since you are a minority, and may not like European food, stay away from the European buffets and just go to the American ones. 5 - We did not have the greatest of luck at the reservation resteraunts (esp. the Gormet one - YUCK). If you're going to do this, make sure you make an early reservation so you can hit the full buffet after if you're still hungry. The best one was the Steak House.6 - We tipped early and often, but never found that we got better service or that their smiles where any bigger. Do what you like, they don't make much money otherwise, but they do not go out of their way because of tips - they do it because they obviously want to.7 - DON'T make phone calls from your room! $35 for a 10 min conversation. We could never get the phone cards to work that we bought from Apple, but if you can, do it that way. Or buy them where you are at.8 - Bring a few snacks. Pringles are $8, suntan lotaion $18. There is food 24 HOURS A DAY, but every once in a while you don't want to have to walk to it.9 - Do take advantage of the excursions. We took ATV's out and it included riding horses. Not exactly what I thought we would be doing (seeing the locals - didn't see ANY) but the guys had a blast. The Safari seemed to be a big hit.10 - Check out the casino. $1 poker!11 - To bring with you : Beach bag, suntan lotion, snacks, covered thermal mugs, summer clothing and at least one pair of jeans for possible outings, sandles, sunglasses, antibiotics and assort. meds, club clothing, hat, camera. That's all I can think of.12 - Only buy the converters with 2 prongs, the 3 prong converter that they sell does NOT fit!13 Their water and ice ARE filtered. The water bottles supplied may be previously opened, but they won't make you sick.14 - They do have a book library for most languages in the towel stand, if you forgot a book - take advantage!Had a great time - Ya'll should too!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Week My husband and I just returned and I felt it necessary to comment on this hotel as I was a bit nervous after reading these posts. The Service: Was great the staff speaks minimal English and us very little Spanish but we didn't have any troubles. Housekeeping and the property staff were very efficient.The Food: We're adventurous eaters and we found plenty that we liked-though buffets got a tad tiresome. Complaints we heard from other guests seemed to be from those who were picky eaters afraid to try new things. Also seasonings and preparations of food that we are accustomed to were a bit different but it's a different country. This hotel was primarily filled with Europeans (15% US?)and the food was much more of that style. My husband has been sick at every resort we've been to in Mexico, Caribbean and Jamaica and he was in perfect health the whole trip.The Beach/ Pool: The beaches were great, one of the best we've been to-private, so no vendors pestering, pool was very nice though our travel agent made it sound like there was a swim-up bar there is not, nor is there cocktail service at pool or beach, you have to get your own. Both beach and pool had plenty of chairs and space. The pool area had tons of activities if interested. The staff worked tirelessly to entertain and keep people involved.The Rooms: We had been warned by this site and friends that rooms smelled musty. I went armed with glade pug-ins, Febreeze etc. and didn't need them but when we got home, our items did smell a bit musty. Our room was on the fourth floor and had vaulted ceilings so it felt more spacious than those on lower floors. Bed was OK but pillows were wafer thin. Though I do confess that I am a huge pillow freak.I left a note each day requesting lots of water for our mini-bar (stocked with soda, beer and water) and two wash cloths as if I did not, we would get none or one. I tipped house-keeping a few dollars every day as they did a great job and their wages are very low.The decor is interesting...bathrooms have a bidet but a smallish tub, so no bubble bath for me. Honestly, we spent very little time in our room. The electrical outlets take US items but require a converter for large plugs; blow-dryer, ipod etc. You can buy a converter for $1 in the gift shop. Blow-dryers are included in room but they are European so they work like my regular dryer on low/cool setting. This dryer would probably take 2 1/2 times as long as mine, I'm glad I brought one. No alarm clocks in the room. No iron either, though it's humid enough that everything we hung up straightened out quite well.Nightlife: The one thing in which we were a little disappointed and it's not the hotels fault. In other cities/ countries we would normally leave the property at night to find some local restaurants. The staff discouraged us from doing that so we felt kind of confined to the property. The shows at the hotel were fun. The Casino is a little larger than our living room-25 slots, a few black-jack tables, progressive poker and one other game I can't remember, no craps, no regular poker.Misc. Activities: Gym a bit outdated but clean and served basic needs. Tennis courts two clay-ish and one cement. Make sure to bring tennis-shoes (not cross-trainers) or you can only play on cement. Well organized tournaments and the like.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lindzsu
<Content>Had A Fantastic Honeymoon!!       On The Snorkeling Trip  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent beach! We just got back from our trip to Punta Cana and I will say here and now that the beach there is the best I've ever been to, hands down. My wife and I go to the Caribbean for the beaches and they are the main focus of our trips, so you can believe me when I say, the beach at this hotel was A+! Everything else about the hotel was great. My only complaint was that the food was a tad bit boring (and I am not one to complain about such things), but the coffee was excellent (I came home with an addiction to Dominican Republic coffee). The staff was great and so on and so on.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gdynia
<Content>Perfect vacation with SMALL KIDS!!! We spent the first week of January at the Ibersotar Dominicana with our 2 year old daughter and 4 year old son. I could not have picked a better place for our family vacation. Before kids, we traveled throughout most of Central and South America and Europe. We are avid travelers. However, now with two kids we decided for more of a relaxing vacation where we didn't have to rough it so much. I have been to so many great countries and hotels and this one (Iberostar) truly is great. This is our 2nd return to Punta Cana because of the easy flight with kids and friendliness of it's people. Here are a couple of things you should know if traveling with kids at Iberostar....- The BEACH is awesome - we walked for miles to the right and for miles to the left everyday. It is quite clean, the water is warm, no rocks or shells - perfect for bare feet. The waves aren't so big - great for jumping and swimming. - IBEROSTAR DOMINICANA - is the ONLY way to go within the IBERSOTAR complex. It has the best pool with most amount of shade - The Punta Cana has no kids pool. All of the venues take place at the Dominicana. The kids club is at the Dominicana. Even if you dont send your kids to the kids club (like us) it is nice to see a group of kids at the pool and the follow them to some group activties at the beach. My son loved following the older kids around with me. The Bavaro is BIG - the rooms are in seperate structures and you have to walk so much more. I really didn't even need my double stroller - I thought the Domincana was rather small - compared to the previous Punta Cana hotel we stayed at. - FOOD ... was great. the buffet was the only way to go. My kids had freshly squeezed OJ and pancakes or eggs or cereal for breakfast, with fresh fruit on the side. For lunch it was always a pasta by the pool followed to the ice cream shop for dessert. And for dinner the kids had their own section of the buffet filled with pizza, fries, nuggets, onion rings, donuts, and so much more. They did not starve and enither did we. Apps for us were sushi, smoked salmon, salad bar, dinner was sea food, steak, tacos, really there was so much - I can go on and on.- NIGHTS - were great!!! The kids club puts on the MOST FABTASTIC MINIDISCO. I have it all on tape. I could not believe that my son got up on the enromous stage and danced to all of the songs. It was so so so cute! After the 30 minute long kids show - we hung around, ran around, visted with GEORGE the chicken, the flamingos, the peacoks, the birds in cgaes, the turtles, and so on until they were tired. My kids slept so great! We put them to sleep and had grandma and grandpa take possesion of the baby monitor 2 doors down in their own rooma nd we went to the really neat discos they had. The disco was really fun - they played great music and we danced all night long.-- I could go on and on - but in all honest - this was a really great family trip with two small kids. the staff is AWESOME - the food is good - the beach is BEAUTIFUL - the pool is PERFECT for little kids - the DISCO was so much FUN - and I would go again for sure!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WARNING, when leaving the Punta Cana airport... My wife and I stayed in the Dominicana from Dec. 14 till the 30th 2005. About the accommodations I can be briefly because everything has been reviewed more than enough already: very good 4 star accommodation. Very friendly staff and management. Rooms a bit outdated and up to renovation. Food was excellent. Beach: fantastic.Shops: way to expensive (take enough sunbathing oil and shower gel with you).Only negative point: the table manors of the American guests. This was horrible. They don't know how to behave at a table. I suggest the hotel organizes some lessons in table manors instead of the Spanish lessons... From time to time I was ashamed in the place of some American guests.Warning: by leaving the airport for our return flight we were robbed in a very simple way. Only: not on a place where you would expect it...Be careful when you pass the last checkpoint. Some employees will search your hand luggage. Don't let any cash money in your wallet or other luggage. They do a manual search and ware latex hand gloves. The trick is they search your luggage without you being able to see what they are exactly doing with both hands at the same time in your luggage. With their two hands in your luggage they take a billet and put it at the inside of one hand glove. By returning in Europe we were told by the airport authorities they know of this trick but cannot do anything about it... You're warned.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ninisoccer
<Content>Loved the Dominicana Our family of 6 adults and two children, ages 8 and 10 returned last night from DR. We had a wonderful vacation..Close to the time of our departure, I had read many travel reviews and the negative ones made me a bit apprehensive about going there. After staying there a week, we decided that those who did not have a good time there, probably won't be completely satisfied no matter where they vacation. We had excellent service whenever we needed it, our rooms were always cleaned promptly and thoroughly, the staff was super friendly and we never had to wait for anything. The rooms are nice, although not elaborately decorated, were comfortable and we only saw a fly the whole time we were there. We ate at almost all the restaurants and there was always something good for us to choose. Even the children tried a lot of new foods that they probably wouldn't eat at home. They loved everything and the time just went too fast. We took the Safari trip and Manatee Park and that was worthwhile with the kids. We are not novice travelers and this is our tenth trip to the Caribbean. Just remember, that you are in a different country and you need to be considerate of the people there and they will treat you the same way. The Dominican people are very nice and friendly and a smile and a thank you will go a long way. PS, the beaches are gorgeous.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MelissaPGH
<Content>100% GREAT TIME - very satisfied       Me and my boyfriend on the beach  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>doswald
<Content>Off to a bad start After getting off to a bad start we had a good time at the Dominicana. We were to arrive on 11-29, but we missed our connecting flight to Punta Cana because of a sick flight attendant and didn't arrive until 11-30. We checked in (without bags since they didn't arrive for days) and were taken to our room which was a Junior Suite. The room was nice. A little outdated, but we did not have any problems with the room. The beach was very nice and we had no trouble getting a palapa at any time of the day. There was a little seaweed, but it got a little better as the week progressed. The grounds of the hotel are beautiful. The food was plentiful, if a little different then we were used to. There were two of us and only one of us had stomach cramps the last day of our vacation and we aren't sure what caused them. The staff is very friendly and attentive. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and if I ever go back to Punta Cana, I will stay there again. We booked with Funjet and I would book with them again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice but lots of people got sick Just returned from 4 nights at this hotel. We were supposed to go to the one in maya riviera, but due to hurricaine had to switch destinations. The grounds are lovely and much more tropical than cancun and I think the pool area is much larger and nicer. If you are not happy with your room ask to be moved and they will move you. My brother was not happy and they moved him closer to the pool area. I think they must water down their liquor or it is very cheap--as we asked for our drinks strong and they still tasted like juice or soda. Go to the lobby bar--the alcohol is much better there but it is a pain to walk up there all the time--the mimosas were quite good. The big issue we had here was the food. The steaks did not look like steaks at all and the restaurants were terrible. We all ended up with food poisioning for one day and met other people who also were suffering. I think they let things sit out on the buffet and then recycle them. My advice would be to just eat items that are hot and cooked----no salads, cheese or ice cream---the milk we were served was curdled on several days . If I had my choice , I would rethurn to the Iberostar Tucan---much better food.We lost 2 days out of four sick. Staff was very nice and attentive. Wish they could improve the food but maybe they have trouble importing items here.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful We visited the Dominicana for our honeymoon and it was not a let down one bit.Location: Fantastic, it really is paradise.Staff: Freindly and helpfullFood: Lots of choice if you look hard enough and don't go for the easy option.Accomodation: Clean sheets/towels everyday can't fault the condo style apartments.Grounds: Beautifull and they work hard to keep it look great, very clean and tidy.Pools: nice and big, although the sea was warmer :)The only negative aspect of the trip for us were certain people when in large groups being loud and obnoxious while everyone around the pool maybe relaxing.Would definately go back, the best value holiday we have ever been on.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bridgenut
<Content>How can this be 5 Golden Apples? Returned a couple of weeks ago from spending a week at this hotel. Compared to 5 Golden Apple rated hotels in Mexico that we have vacationed at.....this is nowhere close! Beach is nice, service staff friendly and helpful, entertainment staff work extremely hard - we attended the shows every night and also took part in a couple of games during the day. We were allocated a room on ground floor in main building - overlooking Caribbean street shops - no privacy, plus room was damp and bathroom had mould. Front desk very helpful and we moved next day to a room in a villa (8 in a block). Although this was better, the accommodation could do with some updating - even a coat of paint would help! Tired and not gently used furnishings.....some days I had to call front desk at 5pm to have room cleaned (and I tipped every day!). Leak in ceiling - repaired quite quickly. Food adequate; but no air-conditioned buffets. The a la carte restaurants could be so nice, but, except for the Oriental one, were let down by overcooked, luke-warm food (including the lobster dishes!). Grounds are well landscaped and clean. Seemed to be lots of people at pools - we use the beach all the time. Although resort seemed to be at full capacity, could still get a beach palapa at 8am - a big plus, not having to get up at crack of dawn! I thought the alcohol was very poor - cheap - even the so called Johnny Walker Red Label tasted like kerosene (I am Scottish btw)). We enjoyed ourselves because of the people we made friends with - at disco 5 nights out of 7 - good fun)); however, I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pamsrollz
<Content>clean and well organized We usually shy away from all inclusives, but our 3 nights at this resort may have changed our minds. The hotel was immaculate. The food was abundant, interesting, delicious and fresh. The restaurants catered to every taste - vegetarian, meat, fish - everything was available. Even though they recommend reservations, there always seems to be room at the restaurants. All staff members were helpful, pleasant, friendly and seemed thrilled to be working there. We never had to fight for a beach lounge or fresh towels, and the beach is absolutely clean and beautiful. The rooms are quite ordinary, but spacious with great houskeeping, and everything worked. I would ask for an upper level room next time, the balcony will be more private. Well Done!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Time had by all Our family vacationed at Iberostar Dominicana November 14-21. We enjoyed ourselves! We are not beach people however, we spent atleast 6-7 hours on the beach every day of our stay. The beach was very clean and we did not have trouble finding lounge chairs in the sun or shade. The water was perfect! Our boys ages 10  12 never left the surf. We did buy boogie boards in a shop at the hotel ($22.50 US) I think they cost about $12 at Walmart but we didn't think to pack them. We never tried the kids club. We enjoy having our children with us. Ocean Kayaking was the best and it was free for an hour every day. We did not venture on any excursions. My sister-in-law is pregnant and was not allowed to go on any of the excursions. The casino was very small. Living so close to Atlantic City and having visited Las Vegas I was not in the casino for more than an hour here. The slots are old and the tables were full. I also spoke to a gentleman who was winning at the tables but he advised us to keep and eye on the dealers. Brush up on your Spanish if you plan to visit. Most of the staff speaks some English but Spanish is spoken here. The housekeepers are wonderful. Our maids  I share the same name-Raquel. She kept our room spic  span!!! We did tip her and brought along a gift bag of American goodies for her! The mini bar is a small refrigerator with 4 beers 4 sodas and 4 waters. They restock it daily. The beer served at the bars is a local brand-Presidente. It tastes like Budweiser. We could not find a bar that had any American beer. The buffets were fine. We are picky eaters but everyone found something. The seasonings are different. The cheese is nothing like the cheese in the USA. You can have steak every night for dinner at the buffet. We had reservations at the Steak house (okay if you like to eat on the beach) and the Mexican (Nice-air conditioned-watch out for the spicy dishes-they are extremely spicy) I had the Tequila shrimp-Yum! None of us got sick-a few loose stools on occasion. If you bring children, bring snacks-Chips  pretzels  candy since the only place you can buy it is in the resort store at $4.50 US per bag. We did some shopping on the beach. Every shop has the same stuff. I can still hear them say Cheapy Cheapy The locals do badger you to buy something. Never pay the first price you can easily bargin your way to a price 75% less. We arrived at the resort at 12:30pm  had to wait till the 3pm check in to get into our room, however, we packed swim suits in our carry on and headed to the beach. I suggest doing this since everyone must wait to check in. Some of the electrical outlets are accessible to American plugs as long as they do not have a large ground plug (ie: hairdyers are too big) No clocks anywhere in the resort! Not one insect to speak of. The staff is so very happy. They work long hours and work so hard to make your vacation a good one. Tip them-they deserve it! The service we received was very prompt and courteous.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Experience, 3" Flying cockroach in room, mold in room, ceiling dripped I had read some negative reviews prior to my arrival, but after I had made my reservations. I thought the negative remarks could have been made by someone hard to please. Well, I had my own bad experience. The first morning there our bathroom flooded and the hallway outside our room was flooded. I called the front desk and they said they would take care of the problem. Around noon I decided to check the room to make sure--nothing had been done. I found a service worker and took them to the room so they could see the problem and correct. The room next to ours was the supply closet and the pipe had broken. The next night we had a 3 flying cockroach in our room and it flew in my hair. I was not happy at all, took the insect to the front desk where they told me what it was because I was not sure. They took us to a new room because we were afraid more huge insects would invade our suitcases. The next room had large chunks out of the tub, really yucky looking. The bathroom celing dripped water on our heads and it had mold growing in the corners of the room and in the closet ceiling. The next day we had lost electricity in our room, called the front desk and they told us they would send someone to fix immediately. Waited over 1 hour and no show. I called again, they would send someone immediately, no show. I finally went in the courtyard and found a maintenance person and walked them to our room so they could fix. Most of my vacation was spent waiting for repairs or fixing problems. Not very enjoyable. The Apple Vacation representatives were not available to talk to. When we returned to the states we contacted Apple Vacations, they did not care about our situation. I will not use Apple Vacations again if they do not stand behind their vacations that go wrong. The weather was great, the food okay, nothing to brag about. Other locations I have vacationed have been marvelous. This particular vacation was the worse I have experienced by far. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone, warn people to stay away if they want to relax, enjoy good food and have a nice room. This was a waste of my money. Apple rated 5 golden apples, not true. I would rate a 1, nasty, unresponsive and infected with insects.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Rocky60
<Content>Met Expectations This resort was as to be expected, allround average services, nothing fancy but enough good stuff for every picky vacationer. We were a group of 20 for a wedding, everything worked out for this. Were supposed to go to the Mayan Paraiso Beach but changed plans because of Wilma.We took our 6 year old son with us, and he enjoyed the beach and pool, met kids his age there and enjoyed it. Didn't try the kids club, with that many friends and family, we had lots of eyes and time. Five out of our group had stomach issues for a couple of days which seems to be a stat, one out of five vacationers will get some discommfort.(wherever you go). Definitely European catered, which wasn't a bother, there was enough food to satisfy every one. The beach grill(steak house at night) was great during the day, I found the bartender there Carlos, very friendly. Our son enjoyed the barq. chicken  fries. Tried three ala-carts, had a steak at the Tropical, wasn't good and most people in our group(rehersal party) weren't impressed with what they ordered. The Steak House was good,tender cut,(not too thick) close to what you may find in Canada or the States for tenderness. The Japanese was great, good appetizers(hot and cold) entree choices were super. If you sleep later try the breakfast at the beach bar area(tropical rest.) Good enough selection for the morning party stomach. The best part is the beach, excellent sand, lots of width, although alot of seedweed churns up. There is topless on the beach, my son didn't even notice( well not that he told me). The shows were OK, gets you out of your room if needed. Gambled in the casino, won some on the slots, never played the tables but talked to a American who won some and said to be careful, watch carefully, when they were winning at Blackjack they changed dealers three times. Downside is no room service, especially with a child who had a big day, it would have been nice to order in. Staff were mostly friendly and this opinion varied amongst us all, and I tipped quite generously although alot didn't and probably got the same service. Lobby Bar has good Liquor(JohnieW.red etc.)Just ask for a double and you will get it. Check out was a pain, I knew they had a Hospitality room for late checkouts, confirmed this and asked for ours bags to be picked up. Make sure you tell the bellboy to put them in the H room(do this at checkout), if you don't they'll be sitting out there all day. One room stores the luggage, told a secure room but never locked(don't leave anything of value) and another room with shower. The reception did not give me our bus ticket, so had to go back to get it. It's the small details like this that make the difference. Don't get me wrong we had a great vacation but certain times of your vacation checkin/out you want to go smoothly and I think improvement can be made on this. In a nutshell, I liked the resort and would go back but will explore others first.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Expect Much From this Place First off, let me start off by saying that this was supposed to be my husband and I's honeymoon. Unfortunatly, it did not go as planned. We origionally booked Secrets Exellence in Punta Cana. When we got off the plane, an Apple rep. informed us that Secrets was overbooked and we were bumped to the Iberostar Dominicana (a MAJOR downgrade). This happened to many couples who booked through Apple that week. We will never book through Apple again. The Iberostar was a huge let down. The drinks were nothing special and were served in tiny portions, unless you requested a larger one. The Merlot was served ice cold. And no matter where we went, all of the glassware was missing chunks of glass from the base. After having to wait three hours before we were allowed to go to our rooms, we were finally allowed in. The room was a dive- hardly a place two newlyweds would want to stay for a romantic get-a-way. The TV was small and distorted. The shower head was hangining from the wall, and the bed and love seat felt as though they were made out of concrete. At one point, the power even went out. And forget any type of room service. When we phoned for an ironing board, it took nearly two hours, and several phone calls. My husband had to iron his shirt on the coffee table.We soon requested a suit and they were able to move us the next day. The suite was bigger, and that's about it. The entire room was infested with ants! Includung the bed! The mini bar was not a mini bar-it was a small fridge with 4 flat sodas and 4 beers! Party up! The food was dismile. We found one decent restaurant the whole week (the steak house). The rest of the restaurants were poor, questionable, and un satisfying. The dinner rolls were as hard as rocks throughout the whole week. We learned that in order to get a decent piece of bead, you had to cut your own. The Tropicana something or other restaurant was the worst (again, more broken glasses.) At one point, the waiter tossed a plate with 4 fried mystery lumps on our table and walked away without saying anything. The buffett was scary due to the fact that the food was sitting out in the open heat for hours. You had to search long and hard for something that looked appetizing and edible. Ocasially, you could find a decent piece of pizza, or a hamburger (no buns though.) But who pays all this money to fly out of the USA to have a piece of pizza?? Needless to say, I lived off of bread most of the week. There were a few shops located right outside our suite. Be prepared to be hassled and pressured when you go in there. They will be breathing down your neck to get you to purchase something. My husband went in there to browse, and told one of the men in there that he needed to think about it and he would be back at a later time. My husband returned to another store a few days later and purchased a gift for his father 9not thinking that it would be a big deal. Both stores selled the same cheap stuff). When he left the store, the man from the shop he went into the previous day got in his face and yelled at him for not coming basck like he said he would. My husband and I are furious, and extremly dissapointed in all aspects of this hotel. It was anything but romantic and a complete disaster. Do not go here if you want to eat well and relax. In fact, don't go here if you want a nice vacation. Feel free to e-mail me with any questions.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Robertwi1
<Content>Great place to stay       Paella beach party  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class All Inclusive We just returned from the Dominicana. We were there 11/8 - 11/15. The weather was great. A tropical shower here and there, but they were gone as fast as they came. Agree with the other reviews. Beautiful, pristine beach, lovely grounds, plenty of good food, great service. etc. I will just add a couple of comments which I feel are worth mentioning. The internet room is located in the same building as the Star Rock Cafe and the Disco. You must buy a ticket in the main lobby. Cost is $5 for 30 min. They close between 12:00 noon and 2PM. The LaCana Steak Restaurant serves delicious roasted chicken for lunch every day. It was better than anything else. Lunch is also served at the main buffets and the other beachfront restaurant (tropical seafood restaurant). Everything was very good except the hamburgers. We had a great time and would definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>churchjn
<Content>Paradise Island               More photos  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>inyourdreams
<Content>Great resort, with one exception I just returned from a stay at the Iberostar Dominican with my husband and we had an excellent time, despite a medical emergency we experienced while there. I will reiterate the positive comments previously posted about the hotel: great pool, excellent beach, clean rooms, great service. The food was good and presented us with no health problems. The one warning I have about the hotel is about the 24 hour medical clinic. My husband had a little accident while on an excursion and it was obvious that his collar bone was broken. Other American travellers advised us not to go to the local hospital. The medical staff at the resort clinic was of absolutely no help at all. They could not supply us with a sling or pain killers of any kind. It was obvious they had little medical training and did not care about my husband's welfare. Shortly after the accident occured, my husband passed out in our room and was unconscious for close to a minute. I called the medical clinic for help but by the time they arrived he was awake and back in bed. I was told that I should not have bothered them. We had to wait 2 days to fly back to the States because the number of flights out of Punta Cana are limited. At the hospital back here in the US, we found that he had a broken collar bone, 6 broken ribs and a concussion.I hope this information can act as a word of caution to anyone who may have medical problems or to those who are accident prone. The resort is excellent, but not equipped for an emergency.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sarahkitty
<Content>fantastic place had a great time I went to the Iberostar Dominicana on 17th October fpr 14nts and had a brilliant time. We flew with first choice in standard clas and i was very impressed. Since they have changed there planes you get a lot more room (33inches) on the flight which was mich more comnfortable. Upon arrival at the airport the luggage came quickly and before i knew it we were off on the transfer. The hotel is only baout 40 minutes on an air conditioned coach which was very nice as it is so so hot. Upon arrival at the hotel we were booked in very quickly and taken to our room, our luggage was brought by a porter for us. The first room we were given we were not impressed with as the air conditioning was dripping from the roof. I rang reception and told them my problem. We were then moved straight away and upgraded to a Junior Suite as was very happy. The rooms are were not what i would expect for a junior suite. They were very big with 2 double beds, a seating area and bathroom but very standard really so dont expect to much luxery if that is what you are looking for. We did have a really nice beach view though.The beach at the hotel was beautiful, we never had any problems getting a canopy right at the front even leaving it as late as 10am. The sea can get a bit rough at times so be warned it knocked me over quite a few times!!I am a very fussy eater but was very impressed with the food. There is always something to eat that you will like, yes its not the best food i have ever eaten but you cant expect it to be when they are catering for such a large group odf people and nationalities. We onlt visited the mexican and star rock a la cartes as we were to lazy to pre book the others. The mexican was really good and the star rock was just ok, not what you expect from an american. It looks american but the food choice isnt that good.The bars offers fantastic cocktails and i never had to wait too long to be servedStaff at the hotel are just brilliant, they can never do to much to help you. I had a few calls off reception during the stay to check everything was ok and at the main buffet restaurant we had staff who asked how everything was and if we wanted to complain, which we never did.The weather was very hot, it did rain one full day and quite a lot at night but that never really bothered us. I did get a few mosquito bites so definitely take something with you to protect yourselfThe hotel room was cleaned every day by the cleaner and the whole place was being cleaned all the time, the staff work very very hard.The enetertainment was ok if you like to watch shows, i am not really into entertainment at these hotels but they are good. There are also lots of activites during the day and a PADI diving centre for anyone who likes diving. There is also a casino which we liked and even won at a couple of timesOverall i cannot fault the holiday, i have been before to the Occidental Grand Flamenco and this hotel was very very similar. I think the thing people have to remember is that even though thid hotel is classified as a 5 star it is not going to be like the 5 stars in other countries, this is a poor country so there rating are different. I would classify it as a good 3/4 star.This is ideal for anyone who wants a relaxing holiday in a hot place with a gorgeous beach and brilliant service. I am a travel agent and would definitely recommend to my clientsPlease email me if you want any more info  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Singer
<Content>Exceeded our expectations We just returned from the IB* Dominicana and it exceeded our expectations. When we arrived we were greeted with smiles, a glass of cold punch and a sense that the staff was there for us. We were right; the staff will do whatever it takes to keep people happy. The front desk was pleasant, professional and accommodating and fulfilled our request. Guest relations were always willing to help and they are the folks to make your specialty restaurant dinner reservations. We had no problem with the food. Plenty for everyone and we ate salads, veal, deviled eggs, fried eggs, scrambled eggs, pork, roasted pig etc. etc. etc.. Things we normally would not have eaten at an all inclusive but never had a bit of stomach problems; not even indigestion. The cold food items were on refrigerated tables and the hot dishes were kept hot on heated brick tables. We drank only bottled water and NEVER used the tap water to brush out teeth; only bottled water. The water served with meals was potable and never created a problem. Drink plenty of water because of the heat and humidity one can easily dehydrate in a hurry. Service at the restaurants/buffets was great. We ate at the La Sibilia  Maria Bonita specitalty restaurants and enjoyed them very much. The maid service was great. Our room was done by 10a.m. everyday. Our mini-fridge was always re-stocked with whatever we asked for.The beach is OUTSTANDING. We have been to Cancun and the Riviera Maya for the past nine years and the beach at the Iberostar wins hands down. The beach is not the amazing blue of Cancun but the water is far more manageable. My wife spent more time in the water over nine days than she has over the past nine years. We have also stayed in LaRomana and we prefer the beach in Punta Cana. The man made beaches in LaRomana cannot compare to the miles and miles of shoreline in Punta Cana. The grounds are beautifully tropical and well maintained. The entertainment staff did a great job and were very respectful to their guests. We did not have much interaction with the entertainment team, since we spent 95% of our time, on the beach, walking the beach and hanging out in the ocean. When we did use the pool we found it refreshing, clean and plenty of space for everyone. The Apple rep at the IB* was very informative and did a great job. We had no problems with transfers from and back to the airport. Customs at the airport was a breeze. The airport is hot but what the hey, you're in the tropics and that's whay we went there; for the warm weather. Work on your Spanish, German or French because the staff understands these languages much better than English. We speak a decent amount of Spanish and had no problems communicating.WE bound the Iberostar Domincana to be a family resort with something for everyone. Although , we were not traveling with children we did notice the interaction of the children's programs and my wife and I both thought the staff who worked with the kids ; were wonderful. We will definitely return.Peace!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kevinhn
<Content>Great Hotel. Have Just got back from this great hotel. I have been to other Iberostar Hotels and they just seem to get better. The Dominican was clean, food great and staff friendly. The rooms are large and are kept clean, with the mini bar re-stocked each day. The restaurants are great except the Mexican (poor service and food) but the others have so much choice. The beach was one of the best I have been on, cleaned each morning by JCB and never had trouble getting a sun bed. All the staff are so happy and work so hard. We had a couple of light bulbs go in the room one night and I phoned reception within 5 mintues they were replaced. Great service, Great hotel.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best holiday ever We have just returned from our stay in the Dominicana. We should have been at the Bavaro Beach Resort, but there were health and hygiene issues here, so we were changed last minute to the Iberostar. How lucky were we! This hotel is staffed with the friendliest people, all willing to help. They were always smiling and dancing, always greeted you with a cheerful 'hola' whenever they saw you. The food was good, plenty of variety and available from 7.30 am until about 3 - 4 am!!! Neither of us were ill, and I didnt speak to anyone who had had any stomach upsets, despite us cleaning teeth in tap water and eating whatever we liked. I have been all inclusive several times in the past, but this was probably the best for variation in food and availability. The locally produced alcohol however was not very strong and tasted different.The surrounding grounds were excellently maintained, the pink flamingos and peacocks made it perfect. The beach is right on site and so clean. The rooms were large, with a huge bed; the bathroom was kept so clean that everything shone. We did the trip to Saona, which was idyllic. All in all, it was like paradise - absolutely perfect. I would love to visit again one day. The only negative I think is the slippery floors after the rain which someone else mentioned. However, the staff worked hard following the rain mopping and clearing water away.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nurseadjenn
<Content>Memorable trip to Iberostar Dominicana We stayed at the IB Dominicana from oct.17-21/05. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and the grounds are equally astounding. The pool was clean and well kept. The beach is one of the nicest we have been on. We felt the entire staff was eager and helpful. The room was large, clean and maid service was very good. We ate mostly at the buffets but did have reservatons at the steakhouse, its right on the beach so if you go be prepared to walk a few feet in soft sand. There are candles lit and you can hear the ocean, It was extremely romantic. It was my birthday and our anniversary so the staff sang to me as well. We thought the Mexican was allright, it says its airconditioned, but not too well. I really liked the Star Rock Cafe. I will admit I had a few stomach issues, but my husband did not. We went to the Marinarium, and snorkeled with sharks and stingrays. We met a group from Canada, very funny people we hung out with. The water was warm and pretty clear. We also did the Outback Safari, you spend alot of time in the truck, but well worth it, we saw much of the island, made a supply donantion to the school(Pack books,crayons,art supplies, etc. ahead of time the effort will be greatly appreciated). There is lunch at a ranch, visits to a Dominican home and boogie boarding. We made friends with couples from several states and an English family, which really enhanced the experience. We liked the entertainment,even through the language barriers. I had a massage at the spa....very nice! Overall, We really enjoyed the hotel and have no real complaints about ambiance or service. This trip was also an excellent value.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Resort was beautiful Our group stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana over Labor Day weekend. The place was beautiful. The rooms were very clean, the staff was friendly and the food was very good. I was very hesitant about staying here because our reservations for another hotel were cancelled two weeks before we left and we were then booked here. I should not have worried. I would go here again. The only negative thing I have to say about this resort was the 35 minute drive from the airport and the electrical outlets were not the standard U.S. outlets. If you have any kind of adapter for electrical equipment they will not fit in these outlets.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Vacation despite the weather. We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana October 10-14. Despite two days of heavy rain we still had a fantastic time.The grounds are beautifully groomed and the rooms are very clean. Our maid kept out minibar stocked daily and also left towel swans on our bed and in the bathroom. We did leave a tip everyday, but I think we would have received the same service regardless.The food at the resort was outstanding. We especially enjoyed the buffets.Also the days when the weather permitted, the poolside food cookouts were yummy. The making of the Paella was fun to watch, but even better to eat. I can not imagine, with all of the choices. not being able to find something you like. None of the four of us became ill. We all ate whatever we liked and enjoyed trying dishes that were not part of our normal diet. We did use bottled water to brush our teeth, but beyond that ,pretty much ate and drank whatever we chose.We met a lot of people who were from England and also Germany. We had so much fun making new friends . The Outback Safari was especially fun. Even though it poured down rain, Daniel's Family was the best. Not only does this excursion give you a chance to see Dominican life, it also is great fun thanks in part to the company and Dominican champagne. Hello Octavia and Victor.One word of caution, when it rains the walkways do get very slippery. I went down a couple of times.A great vacation, a great destination and a great opportunity to make new friends  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hungry_for_aventure
<Content>the real deal you get there       in the mud  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great holiday We were greatly helped by previous reviewers on this site, particularly the lady who told us the air conditioning control unit was in the headboard (we would never have found it), and the information regarding the more up market quiet bar in the evenings on the Punta Cana side, this latter discovery made our holiday almost ideal.We too wanted to travel from Manchester, but were told we had to leave from Gatwick, adding four unneccessary hours to our journey, particularly aggrieved when we discovered having taken on passengers at Manchester that there were two empty seats in our section.We agree with a previous reviewer that at the end of a long flight the two hour transfer from La Romana is too long.We discovered after being there for one week that there were ice machines on each floor of the accommodation, and that in addition to the ice cream bar on the Dominicana side, there is a self service ice cream machine in the Steak House La Cana bar/restaurant.With reference to La Cana, this was our first al a carte booking, and upon arrival we found the restuarant closed!! We made enquiry at the Tropicana restaurant and discovered that for evening bookings these two restaurants combined. The reservation booking clerk had not mentioned this to us.We too found that the food to be a little bland, but this is only to be expected with mass catering. We appreciate that this review may sound a bit negative, but we did in fact have a lovely time, everything other reviewers have said about the cleanliness of the grounds, the beatiful beach etc are absolutely correct.Hope this is of some help  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time I just got back from the Iberostar Dominicana and all I can say is that we had a great time there. The beach is gorgeous, the hotel and the rooms were very beautiful and clean and there is a big garden with a lot of palm trees.The animation team was FANTASTIC, I liked the merengue parties at the pool and with all the smiling faces and the dancing people there you immediately forget all the stress from home.We met a lot of other people. Most of the tourists there indeed are Europeans (seems Americans don't like us?? read it in the post above...). We met a lot of other people from Belgium and Holland and we had a great time. Btw - to give a reaction to the post above - it 's true that there are quite a lot women sunbathing topless. But why should it only be Europeans ??? Isn't it everywhere where the weather is sunny that some women don't want to have straps? If you are shocked by some nude ----- you better go to Tunisia of Maroc or some other islam country there it's forbidden :) I admit that sometimes the sight of a 50 year old woman sunbathing topless isn't very pretty but we just laughed with it. I can't imagine how the travel agent could warn you for that... He can't know that some women there don't use their bikini top :) To get back on topic: We couldn't believe that we could get so much (good!) food en cocktails for that price! Especially now with the low dollar rate you better take the 9h flight to go there. In South-Europe you really can't have the same for that price. I ate everything (fruit, sushi, all kinds of salads, fish, meat...). I tasted very good and I didn't have any stomach problems.We also did the truck safari with Dominican Discovery. It was very interesting to see something of the land, not only the rich but also the poor people. We went horseriding, we could take a dive in a river, we went to a local farm, a local school... Very interesting and also just fun. The dominican champaign (rum-sprite) we got during the tour was very good, so after a while we were all singing the spanish songs the guide learned us :) I was only there for 1 week but I had a really great time!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bkmd519
<Content>You should definitely read this before going!!!! We returned from this resort earlier today (Monday, October 3rd 2005), and I have been dying to write this review. I ALWAYS look at this website before booking my vacations, so I thought it only fair to let people know my experience with this hotel. HOTEL/ROOMS: Let me first start off by saying that the grounds are very nice (lots of green foliage, palm trees, flamingos, etc.), and very well-manicured. The buildings are also decent, and most of the areas of the hotel are either stone, granite, or marble (which definitely gives it that classy look). Our rooms were also nice, and the maid kept them very clean. The only problem with all of the hard surfaces was how slippery they got after it had rained, after they'd been mopped, or after you left the pool -ESPECIALLY if you have small kids (we actually had an adult take quite a spill by the pool, and my 4-year-old fell WAY more than once). Also, something that I wish we knew: If you stay in either the Iberostar Dominicana or the Iberostar Punta Cana, you have exchange priveleges with the other, BUT, they're almost identical, and I would really only consider them, collectively, as one resort. The restaurants are also shared, so you're really not getting any more variety. POOL: There are two pools right next to each other (one for the Punta Cana and one for the Dominicana) and both are very spacious and nice. I would definitely bring pool shoes, as we all had raw feet from the somewhat worn bottom of the Punta Cana pool (I actually wore my flip-flops in every time, because I hadn't brought pool shoes). ***The ONE THING that I would warn EVERYONE about (ESPECIALLY families with children) is that there are TONS of topless European women everywhere. They are supposedly only allowed to be topless by the beach, but this is certainly not the case. I also found them very rude in that they weren't even decent enough to cover up when they walked RIGHT in front of or swam RIGHT by the kids. This is something that the travel agent didn't mention to us, and I think it's VERY important for you to know ahead of time (again, especially for families). There are many people that probably wouldn't be bothered by it, but I think everyone should be aware of that, and decide for themselves. Again, lying on your stomach with your top down, as to avoid strap marks is one thing, but this was not the case. They would sit on the side of the pool, walk around the pool, walk up and down the beach, and even play volleyball topless! Just be warned, I would estimate that about 40-50% of the women went topless (and, just as a sidenote, about 90-95% of the people visiting this resort are European/Canadian). Also, some are very nice, but many were rude, giving dirty looks whenever they got the chance. Both us, and the other couple we traveled with would offer a smile everytime we passed people by, but they almost never returned the smile. I almost got the feeling that they didn't like Americans being at their resort... it was a little uncomfortable.***FOOD: I found the food to be the WORST part of the trip! We're NOT picky, and never in my life have I had such a hard time finding something that tastes good... or even like it's supposed to taste! Again, ALL of the food seems to be geared towards the Europeans. Both in the food choices, and the seasonings and way things are prepared. The men found a few types of meat they liked, but the women mostly lived on bread and fruit. The ONLY restaurant that I liked was the Mexican - it was pretty good. The other a la carte restaurants had EXTREMELY odd choices (at least in comparison to what they have here at restaurants). Everything was preparted with odd sauces/seasoning, and didn't look OR taste like it should. Even simple things like the hamburgers and hot dogs did NOT look like they should, and were very undercooked. We were all very worried about getting sick from the food, as I've heard horror stories, so for the first couple days we were VERY careful about what we ate, and ate safe foods like bread, pasta, potatoes, etc. BUT, towards the end of the trip, when we got more relaxed and tried a couple of the dishes that included meats, 3 out of 4 adults had stomach problems, and both kids had the same. DEFINITELY BRING IMMODIUM AD - that is probably the BIGGEST piece of information you need to know! Many things are a far walk, and parts of the resort are quite a distance to the bathroom - which could be a problem if you urgently have to go! Also, since we got sick during the last part of the trip (we came home today, and are still suffering from the repricussions), we definitely used it for the plane ride.BEACH: The color of the water was GORGEOUS, and the sand was VERY soft and white, BUT the water was VERY disappointing as far as clarity. The visibility was only about 8, which wasn't what I was expecting. The waves were also KILLER for most of the time, and the kids couldnt' go in because they would be knocked down (even MANY ADULTS were knocked down). Maybe it was just the weather, but whatever it was, we were very disappointed. There was also TONS of seaweed floating everywhere, which felt pretty gross on your feet and legs. All in all, the resort is definitely not run-down, but the food leaves MUCH to be desired - we were ALL in agreement there!!!! If you like the European style food, you'll love it. But, if you're expecting dishes as they're made in the US (or even CLOSE), you'll not like it. We have been to Sunscape Tulum (Riviera Maya, Mexico) and Paradise Island, Bahamas, and both places DEFINITELY were better (resort, beach, food, etc.). I didn't think it was a total wash, but we were all in agreement that we wouldn't go back. Hope this helps, and feel free to e-mail me with ANY questions!!!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would recommend but wouldn't go back I travelled with my husband 43 daughter 20 and son 16, 15 - 29 August. We travelled with Direct holidays from Gatwick, the flight was horrendous. Left Gatwick at 11 am after 30 minute delay and then touched down in Manchester to pick up passengers and were delayed here another 2 hrs 45 minutes. Eventually arrived at the resort 9 pm Dom Rep time. We were very annoyed because we were told by Direct Holidays that we couldn't board in Manchester because there was no availability even though we booked in September 2004, then we had to off load at manchester due to a shortage of flight crew and had to re board, so why couldn't we have just got on at manchester in the first place? beyond me! We landed at La Romana airport but would advise against this as it was a 2 hour drive to the hotel, fly to Punta Cana, I would even pay a bit more for my holiday if I had the choice. We were advised to take malaria tablets due to 4 cases reported from this area by English tourists who are now suffering. This is since the 2004 hurricane.When we arrived at the hotel it was one of the best sites I have ever seen. It usually takes me a few days to relax and get into it, but the stress was taken away instantly and I new I had arrived in paradise. Check in was quick and smooth with our cases brought to the room within minutes of walking through the door. The rooms are a bit dated but large, immaculately clean, comfortable beds, lounge area with TV, well stocked mini bar and plenty of bottled water, which is not tampered with as some people have stated. There is also an electronic safe which is big enough to put a video camera in as well as all other valuables. The bottle opener is on the wall in the bathroom. There is a hair dryer in the bathroom and also shampoo and body wash dispensers on the wall next to the shower. We were in rooms 3242 and 3244 with a view of carribean street, not brilliant but very quiet. Just leave the maid a note to let her know what drinks you want re stocking in the mini bar, we did leave her tips now and then but she would have done so without. The main reason we left her tips was because she looked after our daughter one day when she had to stay in doors due to sickness and diarhoea - and thats another story. We all suffered with it through out the 2 weeks we were there. It did spoil the holiday some what as we had to make sure that we were always close to the toilet. After a visit to the pharmacy it was confirmed that we were all suffering from food poisoning along with the rest of the holiday makers we spoke to. When you consider the hygene standards of certain nationalities then it's not surprising food poisoning is so common, i was following other women out of the toilet who weren't washing their hands and then going over to the the self service drinks area and touching glasses, I was astonished and sickened.The grounds are beautiful, gardens with ponds, flamingos, peacocks, ducks and a big fat cockerel that likes to watch the entertainment (well thats what they call it) in the evening. There are 2 swimming pools, one for each hotel building. The Punta Cana and Dominicana are identical buildings stood opposite each other with all bars and restaurants shared between the 2. The Punta Cana is quieter with its own lobby bar and a small band playing in the evening where you can have a dance if you wish. The local music is bachata which to be quite honest I found a bit boring, I was looking forward to some salsa but apart from day time lessons it was never to be heard in the evening. The bars are plentyfull around the resort and the food is literally 24 hours. The evening entertainment was not up to much, people were comparing it to Butlins but to be honest I wouldn't insult Butlins. The star friends do work very hard organising games in the day time and putting on the shows at night, I could name a few of them but not all as the entertainment team do not form part of our holiday enjoyment. The kdis did go to the disco a few times but not as often as they normally would due to sickness and diarhoea attacking intermitently. The only other complaint I have is that the beach bar shut at 11 pm, my husband and I thought this was the most relaxing place to sit and have a chat and just watch the sand crabs at play, it was blissful. Now for the beach, WOW, it is awesome, white powder sands, clear turqoise sea and seaweed cleared every morning, but does build up again later in the day. Because of designated swimming areas the sea did get crowded and this created sand churning so the sea was not so clear for the rest of the day. I was up and on the beach every day by 7.30 am and if you werent out there by 9 then you would have no chance of a sun bed as they would all be reserved by this time. To say that this is damned annoying is an uderstatment and the worst culprits were the Americans who I found out are not only greedy with food but everything else, they would reserve sunbeds for each body in the shade and the same amount of beds in the sun, then walk away and come back 3 hours later, I dont see any reason why the rule of no reserving can not be enforced, there is enough staff around the place. The same problem happened at the 2 pools also but we only layed around the pool on 2 days as we much prefer the beach. Topless bathing is allowed on the beach but not by the pool. It's does state in the brochure that all none motorised sports are included, what it doesn't say is that you have to first pay $40 for a briefing lesson prior to taking out the kayaks and wind surf boards. It also states that pool is included in the all inclusive, but again there was a charge of $1 a game.The staff are really friendly, from the grounds staff to the hotel manager. Every one speaks English contrary to what the travel brochures state. I did speak in Spanish when ever possible and this was appreciated and corrected where necessary with a smile.The food - 2 buffet restraunts for breakfast, lunch, dinner and midnight snacks. 2 buffet restaurants next to the beach, one at each hotel which served food from 10 am until 5 pm and the choice of food was enormous, I would defy any one to be picky at this hotel. Fish was in abundance so, if like me you love any kind of fish then you will be in fish heaven, from sardines to salmon and lobster. We even had champagne for breakfast as this is inlcuded also. Cocktails that would put Tom Cruisie to shame, my daughter and I did justice to the strawberry daquiries as our afternoon tipple and then followed with a fitful sleep on the beach! We also visited some of the a la cart restaurants, make sure you book all a la carts at the start of your holdiay as they get booked up pretty quick. 4 days before we were coming home I wanted to book the gourmet but it was full up every evening. The oriental (not up to much), the steak (excellent) nothing was too much trouble for these guys, the tropical we visited on our daughters 20th birthday and I whispered to the head waiter that it was her birthday and could the staff please sing happy birthday to her, they did more than that, at the end of our meal they turned out all the lights and carried out a huge cake with 4 candles on it and all the staff and guests sang happy birthday, the cake was too big for us to eat it all so my daughter told the staff to share it after they had finished work, we left a good tip to be shared among all the staff and this was appreciated not expected. And the food was excellent. Didn't try the gormet or mexican but did hear they were also excellent. Dress code is not strictly enforced in the a la cart's which i found dissapointing, I dont want to sit in my finery while the guy on the next table is wearing jeans/shorts and a t shirt. They were strict in the buffet restaurants, turfing out any body wearing beach shorts and sleeveless t shirts at dinner. We also ate one night in the Rock Star cafe, OK but didn't go back even though reservations aren't required.Wine - which was good, beer and soft drinks are served at lunch and dinner in the buffet restraunts and champagne at breakfast. The food in the buffets was very good with lots of choice for every one. Do go steady with the salads as the pharmacist warned this is where the food poisoning could be lurking, so be warned. The coffee was excellent quality as were the cheeses and deserts. If you smoke there is a smoking section in all restaurants.We did 2 trips which we felt were very expensive but enjoyable. The jeep safari costing 拢70 each was informative of Dom Rep life and a swim on Macau beach at the end was most welcome. My husband and son swam with sharks which they felt was a bit of a rip off as they only actually spent 1 hour in the water and at 拢50 for an afternoon was pretty steep. My daughter and I spent a blissful afternoon in the spa being pampered and as high class hotels go the treatments weren't that expensive.If you want to shop i recommend you steer clear of the hotel shop as it is ver, very expensive. My husband did buy some hand rolled cigars from the hotel cigar shop and the quality was excellent. Further up the beach past the Bavaro are some shacks selling almost anything and this is where we did our souvenier shopping, be prepaired to haggle, we ended up paying a quarter of the asking price.There is also a casino which made a pleasant alternative some evenings as overall we came out $140 dollars up. We didn't play the tables only the machines and won jackpot 3 times on different machines. Drinks are also included in the casino.We had a fantastic family holiday and probably our last together as the kids are wanting to do their own thing next year, so we had a great holiday to remember for ever. Would I go back, the answere has to be no because of the food poisoning but we will definitley be going back to the carribean, probably Barbados.Don't hesitate to email me if you wish to know anything that I may have forgotten to report.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Robert_Harvey
<Content>Fantastic I would recommend this hotel to anyone, the only reason i haven't given it full marks is due to the lack of communication regarding a 24hr flight delay i had coming home. While i was there i made sure i tried all the various foods on offer. I found the Oriental, Mexican, and American to be the best....not that the others (Seafood, and Grill) weren't nice, just weren't really for me. I had been very sceptical about the rooms, but they are fine, they aren't fantastic but they are more than adequate if you have a i don't want to spend my whole hols in the room mentality. They were cleaned every day, often with the towels and even our clothes put into fan or swan shapes. The grounds are beautiful with Flamingoes, Peacocks and Chickens walking freely around the grounds. The staff are always smiling, and very helpful when approached with any queries. Be prepared to come away from your meals bloated due to the fact they top up your drink about every 3 sips you take from your drinks!!Now for the down-sides, as i mentioned earlier we had a 24 hour delay, we were up at 830 in the morning, and due to be picked up at 1145, we went down at 1030 to check out and were simply handed a piece of paper with delay details......i was very disappointed that we hadn't been rung, or had the paper put under our door. The other downside was that we had a hotel-review meal where we were given surveys to give our views on the hotel. This was on the Wednesday night, then first thing Thursday morning at 830 we awoke to the sound of drills as the hotel had to repair the filters in the swimming pool (that was the rumour that was floating round anyway). I thought this was very cheeky on the hotels part. I also read things about the bottled water, sadly i would agree, the labels were far too tatty for the bottle to be new, and it left a bitter after-taste.I wouldn't go back simply because of the been there once factor, but i would certainly wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to people.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moDurham
<Content>nice place Stayed at the Dominicana hotel . All in all a fantastic location with great beach. Sun sand and sea all fantastic. The only down side was both my son(11) and I were ill from sickness and diorreaha. we were detremined not to let this spoil our holiday but it did last a couple of days after we returned home. The poverty just outside the resort was also upsetting. The infastructure of the country is obviously not getting any of the money brought in by the tourist industry. Nice place, nice people but I won't rush back.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LovetheSun35
<Content>Just Returned from the Punta Cana 8/29 My husband, mysef and my two girls, 4 and 7 just returned from the Iberostar Punta Cana. Overall it was an excellent trip. We had stayed at the Iberostar Paraiso Del Mar last year in the Riveria Maya, (which was awesome) so we had very high expectations.We flew through apple vacations on the USA 3000 airline, it was a great flight...on time both ways (actually we arrived almost 1 hr early on the return flight). This airline still serves meals and has a complimentary movie too. Check in was easy with them...no problems at the airport in Punta Cana. Like some other people wrote....watch out for the aggressive baggage handlers if you don't want any help! Our transfers were included and it was easy to get from the plane to the charter bus. The hotel is a short 30 minute ride in an air-conditioned bus. The Iberostar Punta Cana/ Domincana grounds are beautiful! very similar to the Riveria Maya resort. Lots of ponds with fish, turtles, flamingo's etc.. They work very hard to keep the grounds very clean. This resort is very large so I would not recommend it for anyone who does not enjoy long walks! I took the advice I read on this site and offered $30 at check-in and asked for an upgrade with a beach view. They were very nice and told me if I waited a short while they would have a nice room ready for us. We were very impressed, they put us on the highest floor with a beachfront view. Very nice! I had read some rooms were musty and older, but this room was very fresh and clean. They have small fridges in each room, with bottled water that is replenished daily by the maid. Keep in mind they are just coolers, so the drinks are not ice cold, but they do the trick. They also provide a gallon of water in each room too, which is fine to drink. The water/ice served in the rest's, bars is fine. Just don't drink out of the tap. Also the air-conditioning in our room worked great...the setting is on the headboard of the bed...it took me a while to find it.Beach here is better than I have seen anywhere! The softest, white sand. No shells, rocks, coral......nothing! The Iberostar is one of the only hotels with a large number of shade cabana's on the beach and all around the pool. You do need to reserve early (9 am) but I've found that at most hotels. Keep in mind there are a lot of guests here. There are two pools right next to each other. The Domincana pool has most of the activity..its a lot of fun, but it does get loud..so if you are looking for a little quiet, try to find a spot at the Punta Cana pool away from the action. I was a little dissapointed there was no swim-up bar and no pool waiters. The bars were a little far away...I wished they were closer. Pools were great for kids....zero-depth entry. We did walk down to the Bavaro (next door) and swim in that pool. It was nice too. A little quieter, with a swim-up bar. You are not sopposed the be able to get drinks from the bar there, but we didn't have any problems.Food was good. The buffet's had huge selections, but a lot of it included really different things we are not used to eating. There were guests from all over the world here...American's were definately the minority. Not bad, just different. When you go to a different country, you can't expect the pizza to taste like pizza hut or the steak like Outback or Lone Star! Breakfasts were good...lots of american choices, eggs/ omlets cooked to order, bacon, pancakes, french toast, hashbrowns... The reservations for the formal rest's were easy to get. You could reallly go every night if you wanted too. You just show up that morning and ask what's available that night. We ate at the oriental (great!), the steakhouse (good) and the tropical (not too hot). I heard the mexican one has a major problem with the a/c. One great place to go is the Rock Cafe. You don't need a reservation, you just walk in. I don't think a lot of guest realize that it is there. They have a very american menu....Try the Beef Plate, it was good. Also it is air-conditioned if the heat in the buffet rest's get to you! We were a little dissapointed with the mini club. It is really more for younger kids...my 4 year old was fine, but my 7 year old was bored. I thought they could have done a better job with the kid's activities. The kids show at night was cute though! Both my kids did enjoy painting a ceramic animal around the pool ($10 to $20 depending what you pick). They also got thier hair braided ($20- 1/2 head or $40 for a full head).Overall, an excellent vacation. The mexico resort is a little newer and the pool there is amazing, but it is nice to see other places. Try not to have super high expectations.....and you will love it. Remember..your on vacation.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AndyHall
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Beautiful Beach...A relaxing 2 weeks!       What a beach!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Frank_Black
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana - Beautiful, family-friendly resort Just returned from a one-week stay at Iberostar Punta Cana and absolutely loved it! Thanks to all the great candid traveler reviews on this site, we feel like we definitely made the right choice. Many of the reviews I read and researched for weeks were right on target.The Iberostar Punta Cana and Dominicana are two halves of the same resort, sharing restaurants, facilities, activities, entertainment, etc. The white-sand beach was stunningly beautiful, the water was clear and turquoise; the food was just outstanding; a dizzying variety of gourmet food (and that's just at the buffet restaurants).From the specialty restaurants, we found La Sibila (five-course, set menu) and Pagoda (Oriental) to be the best. The La Marimba (Tropical) restaurant was okay but not great. Didn't get to try the rest of them. Although you need a reservation for the specialty restaurants, they were never full. At the Oriental one, we were the only ones seated. Also, the specialty restaurants do require long pants and collared shirt for men, but sandals seem to be allowed.There are enough things to do in the resort that we never even bothered to sign up for any of the offered excursions (safari, swim with dolphins, etc) and we didn't regret it either.Iberostar Punta Cana/Dominicana, as well as the Bavaro resort next door, are very family-friendly resorts. Most clientelle are European families (Italian, German, British, Dutch, Spanish) with little kids. Not many Americans. The resort feels very safe for kids. Parents can let the kids run around without having to keep a constant eye on them. Kids can easily order food and drinks (non-alcoholic of course) by themselves so parents can just sit and relax.A few negative aspects:(1) The hairdryers in the bathrooms are worthless. They create as much force as someone blowing at your hair. We never used them and wished we had brought our own.(2) There are no clocks anywhere on the resort which makes it hard to be on time for your dinner reservations, etc.(3) When going for a stroll along the beach, once you leave the Iberostar boundry (marked by a checkpoint), you'll run into litter on the beach, plastic trash, pushy salesmen, and wild dogs running around. Not a pretty sight. You may want to stick to the resort.(4) Be aware that some of the non-motorized watersports (e.g., kayaks, windsurfs) come with little or no supervision or instructions so you must already know how to operate the equipment before you rent it. If you've never windsurfed before, you may find yourself struggling to keep afloat and hang on to the equipment while the rental crew just stare at you from the beach in amusement, sipping their drinks.(5) The kid's club (Lucy's MiniClub) turned out to be a major disappointment and the presence of a supervised kid club had been a big deciding factor for us in selecting a resort. Although Lucy's Club claims to have activities for kids 4 to 12, it is really more like kids 3 to 5. They had nothing to interest or entertain our 7 and 9 year olds and these are normally easy kids to please. It was basically a fancy daycare and our kids thought it was too boring.(6) This is not resort-related but, just FYI, watch out for the baggage handlers at the Punta Cana airport-- they can be very aggressive and annoying. Some of them even go as far as grabbing your bags out of your hands in order to carry them literally just 20 yards away and expect a tip!I would still highly recommend Iberostar Punta Cana or Dominicana for a family vacation, just don't count on the kid club to keep the kids entertained, unless they are toddlers.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bobecus
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana and Dominicana The first time we visited the Iberostar Punta Cana was back in 1998. We have always liked it so much that we just returned from our 4th stay there. We have seen changes over the years - most for the better.Rooms - Since we stayed in the newer building on the Punta Cana side, our rooms were both beautiful and comfortable. From what I could see the rooms in the older buildings in both the Punta Cana and Dominicana might need some upgrading.Food - Excellent as always. Breakfasts are the best and there is something for everyone. There are two main buffet halls. One has an emphasis on an American style buffet and the other on a European style buffet. We did eat at 3 of the specialty restaurants: The tropical restaurant was excellent. The Mexican restaurant had both excellent food and service however the air conditioning did not work very well. This problem has existed prior to this visit and I would hope that their managment would take action on this. Both the food and service in the Oriental restaurant are outstanding.Beach - This is Punta Cana - of course the beach is fabulous.Service and Entertainment - The staff works very hard and it is evident that they take a lot of pride in what they do. The bartenders will remember your name and what you drink - even though this is all inclusive, it is always a good idea to tip a dollar or two whenever the service warrants it. The Star Friends are the best at what they do. In addition to the shows, they put in a very long day at keeping the guests entertained. They are very good.Other: The Star Rock Cafe is an added touch that other Iberostars we've been to don't have. The Disco is very good but has too much cigarette smoke. The place could use a good bar right down on the beach - like the one at the Hacienda Dominicus (Bayahibe, DR). On the minus side, it was far more crowded than it was the other 3 times we were there.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC TWO WEEKS After reading some of the negative reviews we were a little aprehensive about our stay at the Dominicana. However, we can only assume these peole were either unlucky or just very hard to please!We stayed 1-15 August 2005.From check in to check out we were looked after by cheerfull hardworking people whose sole purpose was to ensure we had a wonderful time. Food was great with a good choice on the buffet at every meal. Breakfast and lunch were also available at the beach side restaurants at the Punta Cana and Dominicana sides. If you want to eat at any of the specialist restaurants you need to do this in advance a couple of days before you want to go there. The Japanese was very good.Twice a week there is a 'beach party' at lunchtime with dancing, punch and alternates between a bbq and seafood paella/pasta. If you enjoy food turn up 20 mins early, grab a beer or cocktail and watch the chefs prepare these from scratch- any doubts you had about food being fresh will be dispelled.We had absolutely no problem with drinking the water(not tap), having ice or eating salad etc. Coke, Fanta,Sprite and water all available on draught in every restaurant and from the bars. Make sure you try the banana milkshake at breakfast time in the main buffet- dont count the calories!Yes, you do have to be up quite early to get a couple of sunbeds under the umbrellas. However, we found that we enjoyed getting up to go to the beach by about 8am when it was very peaceful. We then went for breakfast at about 9-930.Our 14 year old daughter had a great time. She made lots of friends on the first day and because it was such a safe environment could happily spend all day with them just checking in occasionally.Snorkelling was very good on the right hand side swimming area. Take a couple of boiled eggs(6min) and bread rolls from breakfast and the fish will eat out of your hands!!(the big silver ones do nibble your fingers!!!) The baby peacocks and their mums also like to eat bread from your hands.The frog chorus in an evening was amazing especially at the fountain near the junior suites.The weather reports on the internet always said it was raining and cloudy. This was not the case. There was an occasional shower at night and a 5 min shower one day.If shows are not your thing(they arent ours), go to the Bar Mareo in the Punta Cana for a much more relaxed and quiet evening.All in all we have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! :) We just returned from our trip. There's not one thing bad that I can say about this resort! The people were great, facilities were wonderful, and the food was way better than I thought it would be. I have an eight year old son who had a blast! Be sure to wake up extra early to get a cabana either by the pool or on the beach. Other than that have a wonderful trip. We will be returning to this resort!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family of four loved it!!!!! We just got back from our stay at the Dominicana and had a great time. I had read all the reviews so I was a bit worried. The hotel is beautiful. The staff was outstanding. The food was above average, something for everyone. The entertainment staff was always getting everyone involved. The pm Broadway show was a little cheesy and very hot!!!! I brought down some small water bottles in my suitcase and was very glad I did. I was afraid to drink the water but only the tap water was bad. The rooms were nice. We were able to upgrade so our kids got their own space with a TV. Definitely hold onto your towels and claim your beach or pool chairs early. All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel and will go back.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>YvetteStokeonTrent
<Content>Loved the Dominicana         
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaizmum
<Content>Amazing wedding and holiday! Spent a wonderful fortnight at this hotel earlier this year and can't believe some of the negative reviews, did these people stay at the same hotel as us ?!There were six adults and two young children in our party. At check-in we discovered that as well as us getting a room upgrade(included in wedding package) the rest of our party were also upgraded to junior suites, a great start to our holiday ! The rooms were very clean and spacious,located in the beautiful grounds of the hotel. We had a short walk to the main hotel block, caribbean street, the beach or pool. Minibar was restocked daily, with lager, water, fanta and coke. Cannot fault the maids, cleaners and gardeners, the room and grounds are immaculate. Rooms did smell musty because of the humidity but we took some scented candles which did the trick.The pool areas and beach were absolutely stunning, my dad and step-mum spent every day on the beautiful bavaro beach. We spent more time by the pool as the two year old boys loved it. Did not find the pool at all crowded and always managed to get sunbeds,shade and clean fresh towels after we'd had breakfast.Which brings me to the food, what can i say other than the food is fantastic. Our group ranged from people who will eat anything and everything, to our fussy son and everyone had their fill ! The speciality restaurants were good but we found the buffet restaurants excellent for breakfast,lunch and dinner there was so much selection and everything cooked so well that we didn't stop eating ! We found the lager in the bars quite gassy, so had a large variety of cocktails and shorts which were lovely, nothing better than sitting by the pool with an ice cold pina colada !The weather was fantastic, we went April 7th-21st and it rained about four times, maximum time of 2 hours.We went on four trips,Outback safari is good fun and a chance to see some of the country, all adults and kids thoroughly enjoyed it.The caribbean festival trip was excellent. Those who wanted to snorkel and swim with sharks could but three of us stayed on the boat and enjoyed the trip and the dancing and drinks provided. The boys loved this trip and the staff on the boat kept them amused and entertained, even dressing up as clowns, it was highly relaxing for us mums and dads.Our wedding day was amazing. We had one meeting with the wedding co-ordinators, Alida and Dominga where we chose venue, flowers, restaurant, cake etc and that was it, no hassle and so relaxed.We got married on the 16th on the beach by the Punta Cana Steakhouse, weather was fantastic, ceremony short and sweet, lovely wedding cake and champagne and some gorgeous photos of our big day. We had a lovely meal in the tropical restaurant that evening,( with more champagne) and our room had been decorated with flowers, more champagne and set up for our breakfast which was bought to our room in the morning.The entertainment was ok, although quite repetitive. Some of the shows were good and the band was ok, we didn't get to go to the casino or the disco because of our son so can't comment on these. As other people have stated the staff at this hotel are amazing. Friendly, happy, always smiling and with a genuine love for children. From the cleaners, waiters,bar staff even the girls working in hotel shops they made such a fuss of our boys, have never met such genuinely nice people.We, like others, tipped quite a few of the staff , whats a few dollars when you get such exceptional service. We had never stayed at a five star all inclusive before and it more than lived up to our expectations. My dad, however has stayed in Mexico and Cuba (3 times) and is so inpressed with the Dominicana that he is going back later this year and says he doesn't want to go anywhere else, he can't believe the value for money at this hotel !! So that's my review I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone thinking of getting married abroad, or wanting a relaxing holiday in beautiful surroundings.We hope to come back here for our anniversary one year when our son is old enough to be involved with the kids club as this also looked excellent !.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Loved it Loved it I have to say I was a lil worried about the food/water in the Dominican after hearing my friends horror stories, however the Iberostar resort was amazing. The service was top notch, the wait staff, bartenders and other workers were extremely friendly and helpful.I would def go back.Plus, the beach is beautiful and the pool well kept.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mainegirl04654
<Content>Iberostar...nice wouldn't go back! I had a wondeful time, the beach was amazing! Here are the main points.1. The staff is super helpful, check-in was a breeze! They were eager to help 24 hours a day! (I have never seen happier people in my life!)2. We stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana which was extremely clean a little dated but clean! I would compare it to a older Holiday Inn or Howard Johnson.3. Drinks were great, presidente was wonderful!4. They don't have bottled water at the rests. or bars, they only have filtered water and ice but we drank it and had no problems. Although we did notice a few of the bottled waters in our room had been opened/tampered with, we suspect refilled to save $$.5. The food was for the most part awful! I am not a picky eater but the only meal I liked was breakfast. The restuarants were okay but for the most part it was terrible! I wasn't disappointed I mean for the rate we paid I didn't expect much more.6. You have to be at the beach by 6:30am if you want to reserve one of the cabanas otherwise you are out of luck. (bring an alarm clock there wasn't one in our room).7. Bring snacks, a bag of chips is 6 us dollars, we brought lots of peanut butter crackers and goldfish and were set for the week.8. Bring Pepto, a few times my stomach was uneasy mostly from greasy food(I only ate fries for lunch).9. The grounds of the resort were amazing they were maintained with great care flamingos and peacocks everywhere, also there was one crazy fat chicken hehe)! 10. The beach is beautiful however its extremely crowded its impossible just to wade around without bumping into 20 people, I was surprised I didn't think it would be so busy.11. The weather was amazing we were there for 8 days and didn't see one rain drop! It drizzled at night while we were sleeping but nothing at all during the day.12. We did see lots of bugs but were taking the malaria meds so no worries there!Over all we had a great time, the night life was a little boring but we were jsut as content to relax! I had a nice time, I was a little disappointed by the crowds at the pool and beach but overall was satisfied. I probualy wouldn't go back only because I would want to try something new. prob. less of a tourist spot.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>overall it was brilliant I had a great time at the iberostar dominicana. The junior suites were very spaceous with a nice balcony. The pools were big and clean, situated next to the beach there was a nice breeze although it was still extremely hot. The staff were very friendly and happy considering the hours they work especially the 'star friends'. The disco was good and open till the early hours of the morning however the music was the same most nights this didn't really bother me though!!!It was a great holiday and I would definitely recommend it to friends!!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tampered Water Bottles and Fraud I recently returned from a stay at this hotel. I must say that I was very disappointed. The food was mediocre at best and the buffet varied very little day to day- Also, I read in another review that the water bottles were tampered with and I noticed the same exact thing!!! The water bottles were not sealed properly and clearly tampered with. Unsafe.We were quoted an entirely different price when we called and made our reservation then what they charged when we got there. Instead of trying to explain to us what happened (like, oh well we didn't quote you the taxes or certain fees etc. or any other rationale) instead they became rude and said take it or leave it- Refused to allow us to talk to a manager and essentially implied that we were liars. Word to the Wise: If you book with this hotel, make sure you get a confirmation on the price in writing by fax or email- I am not sure if they offer this, but in a country where law enforcement is virtually non-existant you should cover yourself. They NEVER explained the increase. I wish we could have changed hotels but we didn't have a way to call for reservations (several were fully booked when we called for our original reservations). Be careful if you chose to stay here.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place but not the best for small children My wife and I visited the Iberostar Punta Cana which is the sister facility of the Dominicana. Both share the same restaurants, clubs, bars and pools. We traveled with two younger children and it was not the best place for them. They do have a mini club which is basically a place for parents to drop off their children for the day. It seemed like most children enjoyed it but we prefer to stay together as a family. The heat was a bit much for the kids and finding something for them to eat at the buttets was impossible. I also did not like the fact that the entire facility is a smoking facility. You could not find a table or place at the pool or beach where someone wasn't smoking.On the good side, the staff was amazing. All were extremely nice and paid extra special attention to the kids. Our room was spottless every day. If you go, please remember to tip the staff well. Most of them work 14+ hours per day / 7 days per week and remain happy and friendly. They deserve your appreciation. The grounds were absolutely beautiful and everything was always kept very clean. We did take several tours and I greatly recommend the Outback Safari which takes you through the Dominican Republic countryside and shows you the Dominican Republic culture and way of life. It is a bumpy ride but well worth it.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great Let me start out by saying it was hot! We went from 7/8/05-7/15/05 and it was five of us that went together and we all thought that the Iberostar and the staff was great. I only have couple small complaints and one is that they don't have more of the restaurants and buffets in air conditioning everything is in the open. The Humidity was terrible which made breakfast, lunch, and dinner eating almost unbearable and I am a hot weather person. We went to the steak house, and another that I forget the name of they were both outside and the Mexican was inside and we enjoyed the food at all. But again the restaurants that are outside are not very comfortable to eat at when the humidity is so high you couldn't enjoy it like it should have been enjoyed. The Gourmet restaurant was under construction so we didn't get to try it. I was also a little disappointed in there drinks. I was looking forward to having some really good island drinks but they were all so sweet you could barely drink them. I drank the beer for the most part and that was okay but not cold enough for the heat. The beach is absolutely beautiful and the water was great. The hotel itself was very well maintained and the rooms were nice with plenty of A/C. All in all we really did have a great time and will go back, just maybe and an earlier time of the year.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Holiday We travelled with Direct Holidays (20th June-4th July) to La Romana which is a two hour bus ride from the resort, not exactly what you need after a nine hour flight, however it geve us a chance to see the area and the courier was extremely informative about his island.Arrived at the hotel to a welcoming drink, check-in was very smooth and efficient, room numbers are attached to your cases, do not worry about letting your cases out of your sight they were outside our room before we arrived. We were given a short explaination of facilities which was very helpful and then taken to our rooms. We were put in two suites which were situated in the beautiful grounds. I e-mailed the hotel previously asking for a third adult bed to be put in our room for our 15 year old daughter unfortunately this had not been done. However on contacting reception within 30mins one had been installed. The room was large with two queen sized beds, lounge area with settee etc and everything we needed including a iron and ironing board and a well stocked fridge. The resort is huge consisting of Puna Cana, Dominicana and Bavaro, you can use the facilities of the Bavaro but not the food and drink. The Puna Cana and Dominicana are more or less the same hotel. each has its own buffet resturant and they share the speciality restaurants, grounds, swimming pools etc and you are free to use all facilities at each hotel.The food was excellant at both buffet restaurants, just one tip, in the Puna Cana buffet on an evening, which caters more for Americans, on the hotplate they serve hugh steaks while in the European Buffet which is on the Dominicana side they serve burgers and pork chops!! we found the Puna Cana buffet on an evening served extras like hugh prawns.The speciality resturants were excellent our favouites were the Oriental and Steak House.At no time did any of our party suffer from food poisoning etc and I would suggest the reviewer from Rootstown Ohio has answered that question by confirming that they ate on the Jungle Safari where standards are much lower than the high standards at the Dominicana. I did notice that the people who complained about everything LOUDLY where American for example the poor chef one morning was shouted at by an American woman who was horrified he did not know how to cook eggs over medium!! This resort is excellent with something for everyone, the food is great the rooms were clean and drinks were replenished daily as were towels and bed linen. On an evening we had drinks before dinner in the Puna Cana bar and they were Premier Brands - Smirnoff Vodka, Canadian Club Whiskey and Baileys etc although you do have to ask. A group played most evening in the band stand which we prefered to the shows which took place on the Dominicana side although these were very professional especially the Broadway Show. There is also a Casino which is air conditioned and worth a trip even if you don't gamble,We have stayed twice before at the Iberostar Costa Dorada and though it would be hard to live up to but we enjoyed this holiday equally the beaches were better and shaded huts on the beach meant you could stay on the beach all day with the shade provided, all in all an excellent holiday.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good trip for the money We booked through vacationmart.com and flew direct from JFK to Punta Cana on AA. The airport was much larger than I expected with thatched roofing. It was quick and easy. The ride to the hotel took about a half hour. My first impression of the hotel was great. The lobby is beautiful. I'm not sure why there are 2 resorts (Dominicana and Punta Cana) because they mirror each other and it feels like one big resort. Check-in went smoothly with wonderful and friendly staff. There are beautiful ponds with turtles, birds and foliage all throughout the lobby. TIP: grab some bread and you can hand feed the Flamingos. I describe the hotel and rooms as 'basic nice (although the bathrooms are beautiful and all marble)'. They were very large with a sofa, table and t.v. A desk, large closet and patio with chairs. The decor I would describe as 'Ikea meets Mexico' Not bad, but not plush. Our room was clean and the staff was more than accommodating when asking for extra beer or water...your fridge is stocked with beer, water and soda everyday. Your first day they leave a beautiful and plentiful platter of fresh fruit and put flowers all around the bathroom.The pools are very nice. They are large and seem to go on for ever and ever. The one is very shallow at the one end almost like you are walking in from the beach as it gets deeper and deeper. There are thatched unbrellas throughout the pool area for more than adequate shade. TIP: Although the signs say that you cannot reserve chairs everyone does. Keep your towels overnight...reserve chairs when you wake up...turn in for new towels once you get settled at the pool. The beach is GREAT. Beautiful sand (although not as white as I imagined) one of the only resorts on the stretch of beach with thatched umbrellas. Make your reservation for a boat early in the a.m. It's great fun.Activities are good...didn't really want to participate...just wanted to relax.The food was average to good but not great. We didn't like the cold buffet but did enjoy the food at the hot buffet. They always had a couple of different make your own pastas and pizza, hotdogs, etc. (basics for kids). There is always food, ice cream and popcorn available. It's nice. We found that we enjoyed eatting lunch at La Cana everyday. It's right off of the beach and had very good food for lunch. TIP: La Marimba serves breakfast buffet as well as the main dining room if you want a change scenery for breakfast. Also note...dinner stinks here. Don't waste your reservation on La Marimba. We enjoyed (good not great) the Japanese/Chinese and La Cana.For the money...we had a nice time. We thought that as a family it would be a nice affordable place to bring the family for little money. Unfortunately, my husband and I (not our son) got very sick for 4 days upon returning home. We had a stomach bug that seemed to take over your body. BUT...my father in law has been to this resort 8 times and only got sick once. My brother and his girlfriend went in Feb. and did not get sick either. It might have just been a fluke, but it makes me uncertain if I'd want to return.If you are looking for a nice vacation on an affordable budget, I'd recommend vacationing here.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>holiday of a lifetime! returned in june after 2 weeks at the dominicana and i have to say it was a holiday of a life time. After our flight been delayed 24 hours on the way there it felt like we were never going to get there, but as we arrived at the hotel i knew i was soon going to forget about the trouble we had getting there! The hotel is amazing the rooms are really nice and the cleaners work so hard to make your room spotless! ive been to the dominican republic 3 times now and never had a beach as gorgeous as this one its fantastic! the STAR FRIENDS well what can i say....... theses people are amazing there working from 10 in the morning untill 1 the next morning but you'll never see them without a smile on there face! I cant believe how much these people go out of there way to make your holiday the best experiance it could possibly be... the star friends i spent most of my time with was, noel the towal guy (very very funny and geniunly a fantastic person) ding dong (lol some people would say a bit scary but once you take the time to get to know him he's a great person with alot of funny storys to tell!) last but not least the two most amazing people ive ever met in my life mac and martin, mac ( he's so funny and a great dancer, you've definatly got to take time to get to know this person to apriciate what a fantastic person he is!) and finaly Martin ( aww wot can i say.... i luv him to bits he's so gorgeous and funny and always smiling he's such an amazing person with a huge heart! i spent time with martin and really got to know him ;)and dont think it would be possible to ever meet a nicer person!) since ive been back from the dominican ive spoken to mac and martin everyday and either by phone or msn and im sure im going to be friends with them for a long time. but its not just the star friends that work hard there, all the staff at this hotel are brilliant the wataiters, bar men to the glass colecters on the beach work so hard to make your holiday as enjoyable as possible. the entertainment at this hotel is great the starfriends are about all day with lots of diffrent games and activities for you to do, and on the night the show starts at 9.45 and are definatley worth seeing especially the broadway show and the black light theatre these shows were fantastic! after the show i usually went to the club thats were i spent most of my time trying all the diffrent cocktails! theres alot of diffrent people in the club and its great fun to go along and watch the dancing comps the do 3 times a week! if your looking for a more quieter evening its worth going accross to the punta carna side of the resort were they have a great band playing every night. overall my holiday was excellent and i will definatly be visiting this hotel again very soon! carol 18 uk Carol_O@hotmail.co.uk  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not as great as the reveiws said We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana form July 1 through the 8th. We went with two families. We would never stay at this resort again. We had previously stayed at an all inclusive resort in Riveria Mia, so this was not our first experience with an all inclusive. Everything was terrible. The food, the service, the rooms, etc. All seven of us got sick. A few of us are still sick even though we are home. Infact, one of the lobby restrooms had written on the back of stall door Welcome to Hotel salmonella Take this to heart, many people were sick. The rooms were musty and the ceiling leaked. Room 5230 leaked so bad, every morning the sink counter was soaking wet. We had to call two times before anyone was sent up to check things out. When the maitenance man came he removed the recessed light and literally was drenched with water. Room 5229 had small leak in the closet area and in the entry. This was never fixed. There are no irons in the room. Again, we had to call twice before one was sent to us. You could only keep it for three hours. There are no alarm clocks, so we called for a wake up call on a day we had an excursion, no wake up call came.All buffets are very crowed and busy. Always running out of things. We waited 15 to 20 minutes for nacho chips that they kept saying 5 minutes for. It appeared no one really cared that they were out. I saw a lot of passing the buck here at this resort. All food sits out in the hot hot weather. We ate limited things as concern of the food. Although we were carefull, we all got sick.The towel card service was poor. They were always out of towels. They wouldn't open when they were suppose to and when they did open, there would be a long line and no towels. Oh, if you go to this resort take your own towels, the towels are so musty. It was disgusting. I dont think they either washed them or if they did they certainly didn't dry them enough. Be warned of the of bottles of water provided to you in the frig. We dumped many of them. The seals appeared to have been tampered with. Some looked as if they were refilled and the caps shoved back on. We heard this from other people as well. We did like the outback jungle safari. Be careful of the food. We are not sure where we got sick, but we know for sure one man in our group ate quite a bit of the lunch provided. He was very sick and had it the worst of all of us. We also liked swiming with the sharks and stingrays. We liked the free snorkling at the Bavaro. Great snorkling. You can go over to that pool and swim (less crowded) and also use their beach. Hint --you can also make reservations for the lobseter restaraunt at the Bavaro. I would do it. It was a nice experience. We spoke to many people on our bus (apple vacations) back to the airport, all of which I spoke to said the same thing. They would never stay at this resort again. We had been spolied in the Riveria Mai by the Royal Hideaway Resort. If you have never been to an all inclusive, this may not be all that bad. It was very crowed and busy resort. My husband and I prefer a smaller resort with more attention to quality and service.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant resort!! Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Dominicana 13th - 27th June 2005. We booked through Direct Holidays and travelled with My Travel. Flight: We didn't find out until we got to Gatwick airport that we had to stop at Manchester to pick up more passengers before we could start our journey to the Dom. Rep. This added a further 2 hours to our journey which we really could have done without. The flight wasn't too bad, tv's in backs of seats, good selection of things to watch, meal not too bad but seats were very uncomfortable, especially for an 11 hour flight! Transfer: We flew to La Romana which meant we had a 2 hour transfer from airport to hotel unfortunately. By the time we got to our hotel, everyone was a bit annoyed, especially as it was raining non-stop too! Next time, we'll check the transfer times and try and fly to Punta Cana airport.Check-in: Quick check-in, no problems, helpful staff and free welcome cocktail. Room: We had room 4155 which was on the 1st floor and had views of the pool and sea. We had emailed before we arrived to request a room with these views so we were very happy. The room was very clean and big. We had 2 double beds, a seating area, tv with cable and decent sized bathroom. No complaints with room at all and we would happily have the same room again. Resort: The grounds are very well-kept and full of greenery and water features. There are animals walking around everywhere (peacocks, flamingos, chickens etc) and aviaries full of birds. Fantastic way to present a hotel! The Dominicana and Punta cana face each other but are separate hotels and have separate pools. The Punta Cana is supposedly the livelier hotel but we never went there, so we never found out. The Domincana has lots of trees and a water fountain inside which gives it a nice feel. Entertainment: Every night a show is put on ranging from dancing to getting the audience involved. Fantastic shows for all ages! When the shows end, most people go back to their rooms. But there is the American Rock Cafe or the Disco for those who want more. We only went to the disco once. It was full of young americans/canadians under 20 yrs old trying to get as many alcoholic drinks as possible and they did succeed. The music wasn't brilliant, definitely aimed at the american market. But we had a good time. The disco has a plane theme to it. You walk through a part of a plane to get in, the dj is in the cockpit of the plane and the bars are the wings of the plane. Very well designed!Food: Buffet was very good, food tasted really nice. There was themed food night most nights. Brilliant selection to chose from morning and noon and night. The a la cartes were placed around the resort. We went to the Steak - brilliant steaks, definitely worth a try, Oriental - the best by far, Mexican - very nice, lots of starters to pick from, Gourmet - not our cup of tea, bit to fancy and we didn't stay for the main dish and the American - no need to book this one, just turn up and pig out on the great selection available! We did, however, get food poisoning in the first few days, which pretty much ruined the first week and we couldn't eat anything!24 hour doctor: Very handy! My boyfriend got food poisoning in the first couple of days and i followed a couple of days later. The doctor was fantastic! She came out to the room at 1am and 8am for both of us! Gave us treatment straight away and lots of medication to help us get better! Couldn't have been more helpful!Beach: Paradise! Go snorkelling in the sea and see all the fishes. You don't even need to go that far out!Activities: So much to do!! We only tried to scuba diving and snorkelling at the hotel but there is something to do every hour!Excursions: We went to Marinarium and swam with sharks and sting rays. Then we had a little cruise along the coastline and ended up drinking from the floating bar in Bavaro bay. You have to do this trip!! We loved it!What else can i say? We had a brilliant time after we got over the food poisoning. We are definitely going back to the Dominicana in a couple of years!! It is mainly Americans, South Americans and Canadians in the resort but they're friendly people so it all adds to the holiday atmosphere. Watch out for the sellers! They try everything to get you into their shops and look at their stalls and even give you free things but they don't let you look around in peace so you end up getting annoyed and walking away empty handed. You'll have a good holiday here for sure!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Allurita
<Content>Loved the Iberostar Punta Cana/Dominicana Just came back from a week's vacation at the Iberostar Punta Cana/Dominicana. We stayed the week of June 22-29 and loved it. We had traveled to Mexico many times and wanted to try something different. Two years ago we stayed at the Iberostar Paraiso Del Mar in Playa del Carmen and loved it. We decided to stay at the Iberostar Punta Cana/Dominicana since we had such a great time in Mexico. At first, I was concerned after reading many of the bad reviews about the food, rooms and entertainment. We had already booked and told ourselves we were going with a positive attitude. I really can not understand what people are looking for from an all inclusive. The food was great. There was something for everyone, from hamburgers, pizza, hot dogs, fries to gourmet, etc. The rooms were very clean and spacious. Our bar was supplied daily with water, pop and beer. The animation group works very hard and tries to get everyone involved in the daily activities. The beach is beautiful with silky sand. If you go there with an open mind you will have a great time. You should not compare this Iberostar to others in different countries. That is the fun of traveling to other countries you don't know what to expect. You don't want the same thing over and over again. There was a group of 12 in our party. We had three couples, teenagers and young children. Everyone had a great time and did not want to leave. We will definately be visiting Punta Cana and staying at the Iberostar in the near future. One more thing, the employees are the nicest people always greeting you with the biggest smiles. You can see them dancing and hear them singing while they are working. They are the ones who made our vacation such an enjoyable one. These people make very little money but they take alot of pride in what they do. We noticed that not very many people leave tips. I thought that to be plain rude. I know we've paid gratuity in our package but what are a few dollars a day to make someones life happier. We have so much to be grateful why not share it with others. If you are a tipper bring your own singles as it is very hard to get change. I hope this review helps. Have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best time ever This was our second time to this beautiful resort the previous time 7 years ago this time me my husband and our two children aged 2 and 5. This time better than before if possible everything was as beautiful but a much wider selection of facilities for children and adults. The food was fantastic and boy what a selection and the service amazing. The staff went out of their way to make it such a wonderful 2 weeks highly recommended to both families and couples alike. Meet some wonderful people a holiday hard to beat thankyou all at the hotel and everyone we meet sarah paul emma and lilli.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>staff made the stay throughout hurricane       noel from towel hut  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cariocagirl1brasilia
<Content>Great Place for all! My family and I just returned from a two-week holiday at the Iberostar Punta Cana. I flew out of JFK on a non-stop American Airlines flight. It was great! The plane was not crowded. I traveled with my husband and two children ages 2.4 and 1.1 years. Both children did not get much sleep the night before. They both fell asleep about one hour into the flight. Lucky me! The plane arrived half hour early at 11:00 a.m. Once you exit the plane the hot and humid air hits you right in the face! It was a smooth exit from the airport. I was one step ahead of the game because I purchased my tourist cards at the consulate in New York and had them already filled out. I headed straight for Customs. My bags came right away. I did not have ground transportation to and from the airport. I was told you can grab a cab as soon as you exit. The advice was correct.I had an air-conditioned van for $24 USD. The ride to the hotel was a little scary. However, I wasn鈥檛 surprised because the roads are similar to my grandparents city of Coamo, Puerto Rico. Going towards the hotels in PC there are two lanes. One going and the other coming. If you want to pass the very slow moving vehicle in front you would have to go into the oncoming traffic lane to pass the vehicle. This is scary. However the Dominicans are used to driving like this so I wasn鈥檛 concerned. I was also not surprised on how some of the poor people live. The housing is called shanty-towns 鈥淢ake Shift Homes鈥? I am familiar with this because I traveled to RIO and the poor people live like the same. Well to get off the subject and on to the hotel.Of course there was only one person at the reception and his last name happened to be RUIZ which is my mothers last name. He spoke English but I spoke in Spanish. I gave the guy $30 to upgrade me to a Junior Suite. I could have given him less because he didn鈥檛 even ask for money. The Junior Suite was nice but it was not conveniently located. The Junior Suites are located near the front entrance of the property. The front entrances is close to the buffet and Japanese restaurants. The suites have double or king size bed with a small table and chair a sofa and a very nice bathroom with a big tub. The downside of this location is that it is a far walk to the pool and beach. Not a big deal if I was married with no kids. But shelping beach stuff with two kids in toe is difficult. The same day I went to the front desk and ask to speak with the manager. The manager鈥檚 name is Mr. Coleman. He is a very nice gentleman and has a way with words! I guess that is why he manage鈥檚 all three hotels Punta Cana, Dominicana, and Bavaro. I asked if there was anyway he can get me a standard room closer to the beach. He pleasantly advised to come and see him the next day around 2:00 p.m. and he will see what he can do. Well patience paid off because he gave us a family suite! The family suite was located on the second floor hop skip and jump from the pool area.The suite was two rooms. The first had a king size bed, sofa bed, TV and bathroom. The other connecting room had two double beds w/ a TV. Both rooms had a patio with table and two chairs. It was really nice. I also asked for a crib it was clean and it served the purpose. The decore is a little outdated but the rooms serve the purpose. Pool  Beach  FoodThere are two pools side by side one for Dominicana and the other for Punta Cana. They were a good size but would have like a bigger pool. But then again who goes to the carribean to sit in a pool. The sun is strong to the pool water gets warm. There is a lot of space for kids to place. There is also a baby pool. The pools are kept very clean. The first week of arrival was not crowded so I did not need to reserve a sun shade. As the week past I found I had to wake up in the morning for the prime spot. Only because I had kids. The beach is absolutely beautiful. This is where I spent my entire vacation. I set up shop on the first row of huts. So I was two steps from the pools and two steps from the beach and right between the beach buffets! The front of the Dominicana pool is the activity side. They have lots of games provided by the wonderful star friends. I danced Merengue and my 2 year old sun did too! The ice cream at the La Cana is way better than the La Yola Icecream Stand. The La Cana has rotisseree chicken that is great better than the other buffet. BUT the buffet near the dominicana has frenchfries with cheese, rice and beans, etc. More of a selection.Food and RestaurantsI was pleasantly surprised that the food was pretty decent. I mean come on you are in the Dominican Republic not NYC! The buffet is an open air restaurant so you will see flies. Some people freak out. They are not swarming all over the food. They basically annoy you at the tables. I have a great tip. Take a napkin and place it over your food while you are eating. Leave a small opening. No flies will come. It worked. I did this the entire week. People must have thought I was crazy. I had low expectations of the food and brought every medication in gods creation. I only got sick once for a 陆 day took Ammodium AD pills and walla it was gone! At the buffet they have steaks made to order. Rice, Vegees, Pork, pasta, pizza, etc. I stayed away from the salads but I found everything was temperature controlled. I found them checking the temperature of the cold foods often, which is a good thing. The were constantly cleaning up. First couple of days I tipped the waiters for getting me water and soda but it was easier just to get it myself so I stopped tipping after the first week. Another tip is to make sure you eat your food well done. The pork shoulder is cook well. But the little cuts of meat (steak) is not cooked well. They just brown the meat to meet the demand of people. Just ask the cook to cook it more well done and you won鈥檛 get sick. This is why I had to take Ammmodium AD because I ate a raw piece of steak.A lot of people get sick because they drink too many of those frozen drinks. The frozen drinks are very sweet. Especially the coconut ones; these are pure laxatives! Hey if you drink in the sun and eat a lot you will get sick! I met a couple from PA and he was drinking lots of RUM. I said to him that you better slow down buddy you will get sick. He said nahh! I drink all the time and sure enough he was in the room the entire day sick as a dog with diareara. Lucy鈥檚 ClubThis club is for children 4-12? The club was small but they do have lot鈥檚 of games, movies and various indoor/outdoor activities. There is a staff of two. During the crowded point of my stay I saw about 12 children walking from one activity to another. There was one girl in the front and one in the back making sure everyone played follow the leader. The girls understand English quite well but speak a little English. They did a great job at the Mini Disco which is held nightly. It鈥檚 repetitous but that鈥檚 because they want the kids to follow them. They march, dance and do play skits. It鈥檚 really cute. My son loved the mini disco even though he was only 2.4. He danced around the stage by himself at times! and tuckered himself out that when we went back to the room he fell asleep really fast. IT was wonderful! The girls work really hard because again this is not there end of the day. They start at 10am and work until 10 pm. That鈥檚 a long day. Make sure you tip them. One of the girls lived in Santo Domingo and goes home every 11 days!I would recommend this resort for everyone. It鈥檚 a great chain. If you like to party stay on the Domincana side. If you like peace and quite stay on the Punta Cana. Remember the Dominicana side has everything from the shows, casino, etc. RUDE PeopleBefore departure I read numerous posts about people being rude (ie. Americans and Europeans). I always have an open mind when I am on vacation because who wants to argue? Well that statement was short lived. I guess because I was one week and five days into my vacation and the buffet was getting to me. I was standing in front of a dish that had ONE hot dog left. I had a plate in my hand with three hot dog buns (mind you my son was hungry). A gentlemen was using the thongs to pick up a piece of steak. I was waiting for those thongs because I have proper etiquette. Well long behold this French guy behind me (who see that I am waiting for the thongs with three buns in tow!) reaches over me and grabs the hot dog with his fingers!!!! I couldn鈥檛 believe it! That really ---- me off. I told him nicely that I was waiting for the thongs to get the hot dog and he pretended that he didn鈥檛 speak English. Well since he did that my husband went up to him and told him he was an ----. I knew he understood because a few minutes later he was sitting one table away speaking English to his friends. Go figure. The buffet at Lunch is like going to a High School Cafeteria. Everyone for themselves. Well that was my experience at the Buffet.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GoSpartans
<Content>The Beach Makes It This was our second trip to Punta Cana, and our fifth All Inclusive resort, including another Iberostar on the Riviera Mayan. We traveled with our two boys ages five and ten.The Bavaro Beach is wonderful, and really the main reason to go to Punta Cana. We all had so much fun playing in the ocean everyday. Really a spectacular experience. The water is warm yet always has pretty good surf and waves to play in.The resort was nice. The grounds were beautiful--our children loved the flamingos. The rooms were just okay. We had a standard and I think we are used to having our room upgraded to a JR. Suite, so maybe that is why I wasn't very happy with the room. It had two double beds that were very hard. We did have a single roll away that was very comfy and already set up when we arrived. In addition, the couch was made into a bed, also. So, we basically had four beds without asking for the two extras to be made up for us. That was nice.The food here is okay, not great. But, I have to say that I think that might be typical of All Inclusives in the Dominican Republic. We have also stayed at the Paradisus in Punta Cana, and remember the food to be only okay.The resort is divided into two sides--the Dominicana and the Punta Cana. From our experience, I liked the Punta Cana side a little better because it was better suited for families. The Dominicana side had all the activities, the pool was louder, etc. Some of the activities weren't really suited for young children--for example the drinking contest followed by several contestants falling into the pool because they were too drunk to stand. You can use either side, so you can choose what type of atmosphere you are looking for--either could be fun, just not right for everyone. I mention this because we didn't check out the Punta Cana side until a few days into the trip because we thought the two sides were identical. While they are a mirror image, there is a difference in atmosphere, especially by the pool.I love Bavaro Beach and am sure we will return, but will probably look at the Iberostar Bavaro or another resort next time. I think the increased cost of the Iberostar Bavaro might be worth it.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we want to go back! We have just returned from probably our last family holiday before the children fly the nest and find it very uncool to be with their parents.We had a fantastic holiday the hotel was incredible clean, the food choice was unbelievable as was the choice of cocktails, spirits and beers.The best part of the holiday for us was the entertainment, the Star Friends work incredibly hard, whilst remaining very happy and eager to please. The Dominican's (for want of the correct term) are a very happy race of people, and made us very welcome.We were very sad to leave such a beautiful country, where poverty is met with pride and spirit, it is very humbling.Highly recommended, white sand, turquoise sea, dance and music every where, happy happy people.Thank you Republic Dominicana for the holiday of a life time.We will be back!!!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mogsy12
<Content>Lovely hotel, shame about the weather!! We stayed here 5/5-19/5/2005. We found the hotel and grounds to be spotless, ALL staff very polite whether they are gardeners, cleaners or bar staff. Some speak excellent english, some not so good but we were always able to communicate what we needed. The beach is gorgeous!! The food in the buffet was okay. The gourmet restaurant was a bit like a fast food restaurant with the next course bought out as you swallowed the last mouthful of the previous one. We didn't like the oriental but the steak restaurant on the beach was great!We had no problems making bookings for the days we wanted.The one thing none of us can control of course was the weather. The first week we had a few days of sun  cloud but most of the 2nd week was heavy rain. One day it didn't stop for about 8 hours - a lot of the grounds were flooded but by next morning it had all drained away.We still managed to enjoy our stay (the mini bar certainly helped when it rained!!), though not quite a much as Cuba the previous year (Breezes).They were very similar of course but we found the service at Breezes to be more professional and prompt (maybe because most of the waiting staff were older perhaps??). Who knows but we would certainly recommend Iberostar Dominicana to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Holiday ever.........so far My Wife and I went to this hotel in September 2003 where we got married and I would just like to say that all the staff were fantastic. The hotel is beautiful and the rooms were clean, large and well air conditioned, the maid was great. The pool and beach were out of this world but you did have to get up early to get the best located sun loungers. the restaurants were great and we loved the rock cafe. I dont think that i have a bad thing to say about the hotel it waqs that good that my wife and i are returning to the Dom Rep in August 2005 and staying in the Iberostar costa Dorada. The only advice I can give is send off for your entrance visa before you go as this lets you not have to queue up for ages when you get there and also if you can Upgrade your flight, its well worth it.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kittym
<Content>Love Iberostar in Punta Cana! My husband and I just returned from our first all inclusive on May 15th. We were at the Iberostar Punta Cana beg. May 8th. Although we only had 2.5 days of sun, with mostly rain the remaining days, it was a great vacation and we are already making plans to go back. We just didn't know that May starts the rainy season. I found these reviews extremely helpful and educational, but we just can't understand the negative reviews about the resorts and food! I don't know what people expect sometimes! Our room was on the ground floor, was more than adequate, and was at the back of our complex, which turned out OK; slightly more secluded. We didn't mind the walk to the beach at all. We did the Apple vacation; flew on USA 3000. They both do a great job. From the stretches of beach we walked on, I would say the Iberostar complex (all three resorts) have some of the nicest beach there. We really didn't go in the pool too much, as that's where most of the children hang out. But it was very nice (and warm) as well. And yes, there are plenty of topless, but only on the beach. We also decided that the ratio of Americans to Europeans was about 30-40% to 60-70%. And that was okay - nice to hear all the different languages. It would definitely help to know some Spanish, though! We thought the resort itself was beautiful. Great service every day. Had no problems with the food at all and I ate a lot! Brought along medicine like everyone else, but didn't need it. No upset stomach or anything. And I mean I used the ice, ate fresh fruit and salads, ate the fried food, drank the water in the restaurants, but did use the bottled water in the room for teeth brushing. The variety of food is staggering. Most stations have little placards in 4 languages telling you what the food is, but if you need glasses, take them as the script type is somewhat difficult to read. Getting reservations for the gourmet restaurants was no problem. The set seating times are 6:30, 8 pm and 9:30, and the early seatings go fast if you're used to eating earlier in the evening. The really nice thing was one night was couples only in the gourmet restaurant, and that was great. The food in the oriental restaurant was good, and the appetizer buffet in the Mexian restaurant was the best I've ever had. The service personnel are friendly, attentive, and always there with the wine! Also, on the Punta Cana side, the beach front restaurant was great for lunch everyday. With the sand floor, you never had to worry about how you were dressed and you could just leave your beach items on your chairs on the beach while you ate. We did not do any excursions, but they are available for those who want more action. This is a great place to catch up on reading, and just sit on the beach and people watch and relax. The casino is small and winnings are not large, but is a pleasant way to pass a little time. Be aware, though, lots of smokers! There were no pushy vendors on our beaches, and you had to walk up to the beach shops on the point to do any serious shopping. They do start out high on price, and you just negotiate your way down. If you stay closer to the water than to the shops, they won't bother you at all when you're just walking. The evening show activity on the Dominicana side doesn't start until 9:30 p.m., which may seem late if you're used to turning in early. Also, there is a nice bandstand on the Punta Cana side that did have music every night too with a small area for dancing, if so inclined. And, watch for George the African rooster perched on a plastic chair in that area sound asleep even with the music playing! And yes, one of the best pieces of advice from this site is the recommendation to take along a large insulated mug. This was truly great out on the beach all day. We did tip the bartenders and waitresses, as well as the maid daily. We saw people tip not at all, and we saw people leave tips in the restaurants as well, especially towards the end of the week. I think the service was great regardless. We did have some little tiny ants along one wall in our room, but I had read that was a possibility, so I just sprayed our mosquito spray on them and that took care of it = I did not call to complain. And, we only saw two mosquitoes the whole week, even with all the rain. I do believe they treat the foliage to prevent bugs. Do watch for the little lizards on the pathways - that was one of the highlights of each day for my husband. And if you don't read, be sure and take card games of some type for when it rains. We thought this was a wonderful resort and will definitely go back, as well as possibly try Iberostar in other areas. It was a great value. The Dominican people are very friendly, so brush up on your smiles!  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana I recently returend from Iberostar Dominicana. I was there from 05/09/05 to 05/14/05. Let me start out with the pros. The water is amazing and thats about it. First of all, the weather sucked. There was no sun and all rain. Most of the time it was cloudy. The food sucked. I ate nachos all day long. If you are a vegetarian, it will suck for you. There is no imported beer. All you get is domestic beer. The people are really nice at te resort, but if you don't speak Spanish, you will have trouble communicating. The rooms are average. When you get there, you can get an upgrade if you want to pay additional money. We payed 100 US dollars at the reception desk to upgrade three rooms (33 dollars per room for the entire week) to beach front suites. They had no problem doing it. They keep that on the down low. Also, please take enough cash is you decide to gamble. They will not convert your dominican peso back to US dollars. The dominicana and Punta cana resorts are identical. The food sucks at all resturants. Make sure you book your reservations the day you arrive. That way you will get guarantee seating. The club at the resort was average. it was huge but noone was really in it. They had different rage of ages and mainly local music. They did play hip hop and club music later on in the evening. The casino was really small and the people dont speak english except the pitboss. IF you are a huge gambler, please make sure you take US dollars so that way they can give you US dollar s back if you win. Otherwise they will give you pesos back and there is no way to convert the money back to US dollars. I will never return to this resort again.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, Excellent and Excellent!!! Stayed here in 2002 for our honeymoon and was very impressed as soon as we arrived! Staff are very friendly and the welcome cocktail went down a treat!Room was very nice, spacious and well decorated in clean bright colours. Air con was much appreciated as the weather was hot hot hot!!!Bars and restaurants are all there and all included in the price so that is good. Food was to a very high standard and there was plenty to choose from at all hours!!! Drink was pletiful and served on request at all bars, I like rum so was well happy with their 'Dominican Measures'!!!!!Pools were good and got well used by us as did the beach and the lovely sea! There is so much to do at this hotel, the Star Friends do all they can to keep you active and entertained. There was one that sticks in my mind as the mad man...he would go round walking a wig as a dog and shouting Hola..Coca Cola. Quite why I'll never know!!If you get a chance go on the 8 wheel drive monster truck safari as this is superb and great value...Manati Park is also well worth a visit. If you go on a sailing trip tie your hat on as the wind is very warm but will take your hat...I lost three!!If you want to ask any questions then feel free to e-mail me and I'll do my best to help. Having been to the Dom Rep a few times now I'm getting an expert. I can also give any advise about the Iberostar Group as I have stayed in many, many of their lovely hotels!  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travelin'Rose
<Content>Best Vacation We've Had In Years !!! I hate to sound like so many others who have reviewed this Resort, butI found everything to be way beyond my expectations !!!The resort itself is beautiful. The grounds are so spacious, that we didn't at all feel like we were confined.Everything is extremely clean  well maintained. We ate in the Japanese, Gourmet  Steakhouse restaurants, and felt theywere all very good. The 2 buffets, American  European, were both huge, and I can't imaginethat you couldn't find something that you like. The food wasn't veryAmericanized but I didn't really expect it to be.We were very cautious, and avoided all salads, etc. so our selection wasa little bit limited by that.We also got our Hepatitis A shots, and took the anti-malarial drugs just to be on the safe side.There was plenty of bottled water to brush your teeth, etc. and the mini-barwas well stocked with soda  water.You do have to stake out your chairs early, but that was no problem sincewe were up early anyway.It truly was a fabulous vacation, and we can't wait to return to Paradisesoon.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scosh24
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana/P.C. Here are the facts: Just returned from 8 nights at the Iberostar.Had a great time, nice place, soft sand, warm water, free drinks.Fact 1: Don't be fooled by the 'Two hotels in which you may use both facilities.....so it's like a two for one deal. It is but one hotel with two sides and a different name for each wing, not a bad thing but not as advertised.Fact 2: NO MOSQUITOS! Not a single sighting or bite. If you stay around the beach you don't need to take medicine. Again not a single sighting.Fact 3: Water is fine, you may wash and brush and drink the water. Lets be real, changing of anyones diet will produce a softening......or liqufication in your regularity (if you catch my drift). You will need your Pepto or Imodium. BUT don't think brushing with bottled and turning down ice or the water from the waitress is going to stop a trip to the bathroom. Enjoy yourself and just plan on it......Fact 4: The buffet will get boring but the food is far from Bad. The resturants are good and reserve your table when you arrive, as to get it out of the way. SteakHouse, Seafood, Mexican were best. Rock Star Cafe was great and a good alterative to the buffet for you do not need a reservation.Fact 5: Getting a shade hut on the beach is a blood sport. If you think your going to party all night and be in the shade on the beach the next day.......you'll learn a lesson. If you do not have your towels down on some chairs by 6:00 a.m. you will be sunburned. Shade huts are a must, if you want a good one 5:30 a.m. is even a little late.Fact 6: Notice to Americans. Iberostar is prodomitely European, in fact I joked that the Punta Cana was East Berlin and the Dominicana was West Berlin. German is the widely spoken language there.Fact 7: If you do not like cigarettes or smoking you will want to avoid all public indoor spaces. Everybody had a butt going in every room, beach, resturant, bar, even while getting food from the buffet!Fact 8: The staff seems to get stiffed on tips from the majority of the guests. We tipped our favorite bartenders and waitstaff, and the service was 110%. A dollar once in a while will get you top shelf booze the moment you step to the bar and a full drink to your table as you finish your last sip. It may be a cultural thing but the Americans took good care of the service and the service took good care of us.Fact 9: If you are a young couple (under 35) looking for action this may not be the best choice. The disco is small and the casino smaller. The entertainment is weak at best, but they try hard and in many ways the shows would be considered cute. The Iberostar is fine for just hanging on the beach thats for sure, the sand is soft and the water is warm. If you get a hut it may be considered perfect by some.Fact 10: There were many kids at the Iberostar. At times at the pool you could walk across the water on their heads. But a corner could always be found to just float and sun yourself.Fact 11: Do not pay more than 50% of said item. Even while shopping in the resort. Except lobby gift shop.Fact 12: BlackJack rules are a little different there and heavily in the Casinos favor. Many an empty pocket left that place. Keep an eye on the dealers ALWAYS. We caught many mistakes, there were a few each night! Know the game and know what you have on the table. Your cards and money will be gone before your finished adding them up. The dealers have a funny way of dealing past a seventeen and winning with twenty twos.Fact 13: We had a week of sun!Fact 14: There were more reports of excurions being un-fun than very fun. More people we spoke with wished they had stayed on the beach, regardless of the event. Long bus rides and late departures were the norm.Also Dolphins should swim freely and not be in cages so we can take a picture.All in all we give the Iberostar Dom./P.C. on a scale of ten.Hotel: 6Grounds: 8Pool: 7Beach: 8Beach people: 4Staff: 9Entertainment (day): 8Entertainment (night): 4 (they try hard though)Rooms: 7Bugs: 0VALUE: 9 Great place for the money. It is what it is, very relaxing.scosh24@hotmail.com if you have any questions.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abucklin
<Content>Loved this vacation!! Many tips to give for travelers...       Flamingos at Iberostar Dominicana  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, wouldn't stay anywhere else Just got back from the Iberostar Dominicana, Punta Cana and loved it. I went with my sister (who celebrated her 30th birthday) and a friend. We feared being the only 3 single girls staying in a resort of couples and families. While there were many of the latter, the resort is huge and it was easy to find people similar to ourselves. The resort was beautiful! We still cannot believe we paid so little for all we got. The beach was incredible and the staff extremely friendly. The rooms were clean and service was great; tip the maid a couple of dollars each day and you'll have an unlimited supply of beer and water in your room. Make sure you bring lots of singles; if you tip, you'll get treated well.The nightlife is what it is. There are relatively entertaining shows every night, a casino, and a discoteca...and the drinks are all included, so who can really complain?But since I mentioned complaints, I do have one. The food. I love food and there isn't much of it that I don't like. Or so I thought until I was there. If you don't like buffets, you have to make a reservation each night for dinner. But in my opinion, the buffet is the only way to go, but chose your food wisely. Stick to the basics...pasta bar, bread, grilled chicken, eggs, etc. Also, if you fear drinking the water they pour at the restaurants, ask for agua con gas (seltzer). My sister and I drank it everyday and we're not sick...yet.There are several day trips that you can do; we did a snorkel tour that was about $75 per person. The trip included a boat ride with more live entertainment, unlimited beer and mamajuana (a nasty bark concoction that tastes like a mixture of rubbing alcohol and whiskey). We also made 2 snorkel stops: one in the coral reefs and another to swim with sharks and sting rays. Scary at first, but great. I would definitely recommend this trip.All in all, our week in the DR was great. Don't listen to anything bad you might hear. We're 3 generation Xers from Manhattan, and even we found little to complain about.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The food was really bad, but... We have stayed at the Iberostar in Playa Del Carmen, Mexico, for the past three years and loved it. This spring we decided to try the Dominican Republic for a change. The weather and beaches were excellent. The resort itself was not up to the same standars as the Quetzal, in Mexico. I don't think the Dominicana should be considered a 5 star. The rooms were smaller, not as clean, and in need of minor repair. For example, the shower was really not operational. We complained, but no action was taken. The air didn't work very well either. The room had some peeling paint, and cracks in the tub and bathroom floor. Our biggest disappointment was the food. It was just awful. We are not picky, and can eat just about anything. I don't plan vacations around eating, but this was really bad. They were always running out of everything too, from ice to silverware to cups to fries. There were not enough staff, and the tables were dirty. We found none of these problems when we stayed in Mexico. Another thing was the staff was not nearly as friendly or helpful as in Mexico. Actually they were somewhat rude!! We found many more European tourists in the D.R., and a lot more topless!! All in all, it was okay, but I would much prefer to go to Mexico, and stay at the Iberostar Quetzal!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>quebeker
<Content>Back from the Paradise! Hol脿!We are a couple in our early 50鈥檚, who spent a week of vacation in Punta Cana, DR , 3-10 April. We chose Iberostar Dominicana, and didn鈥檛 regret a minut of it. EVERYTHING was awesome. Beautiful and huge hotel, incredibly wonderful, well manucured grounds, the beach is out of this world鈥?.the hotel is spotless, these people work so hard to make everything beautiful, nice and so clean. The staff is sweet and courteous, especially front desk, the maids, the restaurants waiters and waitress鈥e loved the room, the entertainment, the pools, the flea market鈥?.the food is also very good, hot, everyone can find something he would love.... We especially loved the restos a la carte鈥?try the Gourmet, the Steakhouse, the Carribean restaurant and the oriental one, La Pagoda.I fell in love with the dominicans, and the wonderful weather鈥︹€berostar is really the top鈥?we definately will book for another Iberostar resort in the future鈥?.we want to go back to the Dominicana some day鈥?Please, DON鈥橳 listen to the bad reviews about this hotel鈥?so picky people who are so hard to please鈥?.really, if you complain that things aren鈥檛 the same like where you live, that the standards don鈥檛 meet the same than in the USA, if the food doesn鈥檛 taste the same, it means you have a very closemind鈥?you should spend your vacation at home and spare us from your whining. IMHO鈥?.any questions? Feel free to ask鈥?.I鈥檒l be pleased to help. Go there with an open mind and ENJOY YOUR STAY!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>suntaned
<Content>loved this paradise       room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back. I was a tad bit leery about stay at this resort after reading some of the reviews. But the vacation was already booked, and the travel agent assured us that it was wonderful. Boy was she right.There were 7 in our group. 2 married couples, 2 teenagers, 1 adult male. We stayed 4/1/05 thru 4/4/05. Not nearly long enough....The food was good. While I was there, the food was above average. With that said, the second I walked off the plane, I wanted a burger. :) There are many choices. If you can鈥檛 find something, then you aren鈥檛 looking hard enough. Keep in mind that you are in a different country and they have their own standards. On the second day, my stomach was upset (from too m any pina colodas) and the mashed potatoes were my life saver. Oh, and the buffet with the sand floor in the Punta Cana has soft serve ice cream and popcorn. Unfortunately, we didn鈥檛 find it until late in our trip.The shows were extremely fun, just don鈥檛 expect the Cirque du Soleil. If you do go, participate. We are not big into partying, so we where way out of our element. We loosened up and joined in on the fun. It made the experience that much better. Go to the Men vs. Women show on Friday nights if you can. And, ladies, be prepared to hate Mini, the emcee. Too funny.The rooms look exactly like they do on their website. (The yellow walls with the yellow and blue bedspread pictures.) We had one issue with our toilet not flushing. We left a message before we left for the lunch buffet and when we returned it had been fixed.The beaches are fantastic. Listen to the members here and get there early to reserve your spot. The primo locations go quick. The massages in the huts are awesome. The best one that we found is between the Dominicana and the Barvaro (closest to the spa). I had the 陆 hour relaxation, the foot reflexology and the swedish full body. Go for the full body. You鈥檒l be happy you did.The shops off the resort and on the beach were not fun for us. The shop keepers were almost insulting with their starting prices ($45 for a glass ashtray). You could work them down to $10, but for $11 you could buy it at the gift shop. I can still hear the 鈥淐heapy, cheapy. Looky, looky鈥?I do think that the rooms could use a moderate remodel. The mini fridge shuts off when you leave your room, making it difficult to have a cold drink in room.Go with an open mind, and remember that you are in someone else鈥檚 country. You will have a great time. We have already booked our next trip for July. Counting the days to go back to paradise....  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WiMilwaukee
<Content>Excellent vacation at Punta Cana We stayed at Iberostar Dominicana from February 20- February 28, 2005. We had a group of 9 people including three small kids. Everybody had a wonderful time. Rooms were clean, beach was gorgeous, ocean was a little wavy but we still managed to swim. The water in the pool was colder than we expected so we mostly spend time on the beach. Food was above average and we preferred the main buffet over the specialty restaraunts. This is an excellent place to spend vacation with your kids. Our kids enjoyed the evening entertainment and participated in all of the activities.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana I visited the Iberostar Dominicana in Feb 2005. Our party consisted of my parents (60's) myself, my husband and daughter (5 months) and my brother, his wife and their 3 children ages 9,8 and 6. We chose this resort because it was one of the few avail by the time we made our reservations and we had previously visited the Iberostar Quetzal on the mayan riviera and loved it, and therefore our expectations were high with the exception of the food as it was our general understanding that the DR isn't known for it's cuisine....PROS:The beach is magnificent! Beautiful, soft sand, waves big enough to have fun but not so big the kids (w/the exception of the 5mo old) couldn't handle. It was a little crowded but we were there during president/school vacation week. Arriving tues and leaving the tues after everyone else had left . You can walk in either direction, to the right there is a collection of little shops right on the beach which is kind of fun. There are also quite a few shops in the resort itself which are a little pricey but reasonable (except pampers - they are a rip off BRING your own! My luggage got lost so I was forced to pay $15 for 12 diapers ... check if prices seem wrong though - at first they were telling me it was $25 - for 12 !!! I said no way and turns out each package had a different price so they called someone and came up with $15.The pools are free form and very pretty. Both have one end with gradual entry which is good for little ones. There are plenty of cabanas at both the pool and the beach. However, during school vaca week you had to get out there early (by 7am) to reserve chairs if you needed more then 2 together by the pool. Our trip went to the tues after presidents week and this was not a problem the mon/tues of that week. We brought our daughter's johnny jumpy and hung it from the cabanas which worked out wonderful :) The were trees in an island in the middle of the pool which created shaded areas that were good for taking the baby swimming.It is kept very clean.You don't need to worry about bringing money with you for drinks etc... which is the biggest benefit as well as not having to pile everyone into a car when it is time to go eat....There are lots of fun things for the kids to do. They all enjoyed getting photos taken with the monkey, iguana and birds... a different one each day. They walk all around with them so you don't need to leave where ever you camped out for the day. For addt'l money there is pottery painting whoch for the $15 was great as we had the kids do it in middle of the day so it got them out of the sun for over an hour - 2 days in a row since they took their time painting them (they let them come back later the next day to finish.) Our kids chose not to participate in the kids club but had a wonderful time - they are water dogs and we couldn't keep them out of the ocean and pool.The hobie cats were great - though again b/c we were there during such a busy week you we had to wait 3 days to get a reservation for them - we did end up going out twice but would have gone every day if we could have - I imagine this is not a problem most weeks. (in contrast to Ib. Quetzal - the gentlemen at the boats were very nice and helpful - at Quetzal they would make you wait for someone to bring a boat back in even though there were 3 sitting on the beach with sails up ready to go - they were a little lazy- that was my only problem with the quetzal)The staff were all courteous and friendly. There were a few issues with language but nothing too major with the exception listed below under cons..... Our room was all set with a king bed and a crib set up for the baby (we didn;t even request one) My brothers room had a king bed and the couch was made up as a twin and a cot was set up as well and then my parents room had 2 fulls. The rooms were kept very clean. Upon arrival my parents had a few tiny ants in thier room but none were seen after arrival and my brother had one bug (cockroach type) in his room - but only one - and his kids had cookies and chips and all sorts of stuff all over the place so... The first 3 days were very dry and no humidity but then the weather shifted and it became very humid. I did see (and squash) one mosquito which was concerning bc of the malaria outbreak bUT we were all on chloquine so no worries (even the baby - it was compounded for her and we just mixed it with her vitamins - we also had a bug net for her stroller that we kept on at night and her stoller was sprayed with permethrin) I have no complaints about the bugs but I wouldn't want to say there were NONE. I also happen to be one of those people who has very allergic skin and i did get eaten up on my foot and leg - probably by an ant - and had a few itchy days - I belive this happened at the steakhouse dinner which is one the beach - sand floors - we had been to the same location the day before for lunch (buffet) and I didn't have a problem - maybe it was a night time creature - no one else in our group got ANY bites - just me - this happens EVERY vacation I go on - nonetheless I always sat with my feet crosslegged on my chair when we went back there for lunch just in case:) The food was good though - it was worth the itchingThe mexican rest. and steakhouse were both good. I had the sirloin at the steakhouse and everyone agreed it was the best choice. The rib eye and ribs were both also ok NOTE!!! the ribeye at the steakhouse is NOT the same as the ribeye at the carribbean rest - the steakhouse one is cooked to order and the carribbean one is shoe leather - very important to remember this!CONS:my biggest dissapointment were the beds - they were old and uncomfortable. I have different standards for all inclusive vs regular hotels to start (not as high for all inclusive) but these beds were the pits - I mean really awful - and it wasn't just in my room - it was the same in all 3 rooms we were in.the food was only soso but I had expected this anyway. You can always find something at the buffet- we ate at the american side because they always had fahita style meats and toppings which the european side did not. Not much difference between the 2 though. The carribean rest and the rock cafe are a waste of time for food - basicaly buffet food but you had to order and wait for it and if you didn;t like your choice you couldn;t just walk up and get something else. (though the rock cafe does have pool tables which the kids enjoyed) Don't bother! On the other hand the mexican and steakhouse were very good (wear bug spray on your feet!) We did have a bit of trouble with the Dominicana/Punta Cana split - these two hotels are really one with the exception of the lobbies. This however proved a pain! This was alos true at the Ib Quetzal/tucan (?) but I didn't experience prolbmes with it there. In the DR we ran into the following .... they dropped us off at the wrong side and so we had to lug our luggage out and around and down to the other side upon arrival - a big pain for us because we had alot of stuff but would have taken 2 seconds for the van! Our VIP rep on the van (that was our tour group or whatever) specificaly told us and emphasized over and over that even though we were staying at the dominicana we would be picked up at the punta cana side when it was time to leave. When my brother went to confirm our pick up he said that he was told to go to the dominicana side so when it was time to leave no one knew where to go - we decided to head to the punta cana side since the van guy told us that was where we should go but my dad went and checked with the other side and they had a list with our names on it there - turns out we were on the wrong side so had to lug all our stuff to the other side again ... this was after carring it all there from our rooms because the bell man never came with the electric cart (funny because usually they are jumping all over you to help most of the time - figures no help when we actually needed it!)It also was a problem when we tried to go on a snorkling adventure to marinaquarium -- we were told to go to the dominicana side by 8:20am for an 8:30 departure and don't be late or they will leave with out you so we got there at 8:15 and waited and waited and finally at 9 my dad went to find our vip rep who happened to be on the other side that morning (one rep for both sides so he switched days which side he would be at)and it wasn't the regular full time guy but the weekend guy and he didn't speak english well and unfortunately my father doesn't speak spanish but to sum it up the guy called the marineaquarium place and they said they came and waited 10 minutes but we were not there so he left at 8:20 my dad said we were there at 8:15 and the vip rep pointed to the front of the punta cana and my dad said no - the otherside - the dominicana and the the guy looked puzzled, shrugged his shoulders and basicly too bad because the bus was to a sailboat and it had left already. Luckily our regular vip rep refunded us our money the next day but a few things here 1) we were told to be there by 8:20 for an 8:30 departure and then we were told the bus left at 8:20 (which shouldn't have mattered since we were there at 8:15) 2) it is still unclear which side we were supposed to be waiting at 3) there were no more openings avail the rest of our trip so we never got to go.instead we went on a snorkling trip on a boat right off the beach of the Ib.bavaro (next to but not as intimately associated as the punta cana/dominicana - seems a bit nicer - I'd try that side next time) the gentleman running the boat didn't speak the entire time - now he didn't speak english but he didn't even attempt to communicate much. He threw two life vest at the kids (9 and 8) and took off before they even had them buckled - at high speed! ...the two kids, my father and myself.... now luckily we have a boat we go out on in the summers so we are used to it but if you weren't one comfortable on boats it would have been a very scary ride - on the flip side I enjoyed it - a nice view of the coast from the water side and all the different hotels etc.... Then when we arrived to the snorkling spot there were several other boats there and poeple in the water and my father and I boht agreed it wasn't very comforting how close our guy was driving to the snorklers - he kind of weaved in and out of them - quite dangerous really, and then he dropped anchor and waved us to one side of the boat , my dad pointed to the other side and he shook his head - we took it as don't go over the direction and hopped in. All 4 of us are also experienced at snorkling so this was fine - we hopped in and started checking out the fish but boy - if you had never snorkled before you probably never would again - no instruction or reassurance and the dangerous way he drove thorugh other snorklers made we worry about more boats that might come when my head was under water! and to top it off it wasn't all that great of a spot. Well, we were there at the end of the day (3:30) and the water wasn't very clear - don't know if it is always like that or subject to weather etc...and it was a little cloudy which didn't help we did see some fish but the coral wasn't all that impressive - I've definatley snorkled at many better sights but the kids got a kick out of it. I read one other review that there is snorkling right off the Ib. bavaro end of the beach which is just as good - unless you are up for an invigorating boat ride I would stick with that. We didn't try it but should have. Finally, because we were there during a peak week it was very expensive. We went to the Ib Quetzal the first week in march and it was $500 less per adult and overall a better experience (with the expcetion of the beach - the Dominicana beach is just lovely - though very busy - quetzal beach is nice too but not AS nice and it is also busy)In genral our trip was great but in light of the beds and the punta cana/dominicana mix ups and knowing that we had a better experience and got a better deal at another resort we wouldn't go back to this same spot unless it was a fabulous deal over all others. I would prefer to try a different chain if returing to the DR or a different Iberostart first if money etc... was all the same. This is only the second all inclusive I've been to but I've been to many other places at regular resorts.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is GREAT! We just returned 3-15-05 and like so many of you, we read all these reviews and were freaking out before we left. I am so glad we went. I feel compelled to write this.First tip, bring a pen with you, when you arrive at the airport and pay your $10 for your tourist card there are no pens to fill them out with. Then don't lose it you need to show it when you leave. 2nd tip, the pool closes at 7:00 pm and there is no big Jacuzzi to hang out in and meet people, there are private ones located in the spa, fenced in. I thought that was weird, but I got over it.3rd tip there is a dress code for the Mexican rest. (food is excellent) you have to wear long pants, they made my boyfriend change from dress shorts to jeans to eat.So many people said the food was terrible, I am fairly picky and let me tell you the food was excellent. There was a huge variety in the buffets. They do like there meats on the rare side, so when I ordered my steak which I like med-rare, I ordered it medium and it was perfect. If you can't find something you are not trying hard enough.The service was outstanding, there is little language barrier with the housekeeping staff, but if you know a little spanish you can get what you need or go to the front desk, there is always some one there to help you.The weather was great, Iberostar keeps there beach very clean and there are plenty of chairs, if you want a tiki hut, you do have to go out a little earlier in the morning around 8:00 or so.The shows are a little corny but entertaining. The only other advice I can give is, this is a place to go if you like to relax and soak up the sun. If you want to snorkel, dive or be very active, you may get bored. We were there for 5 days and never did any excursions, (but we did the daily archery tournements, my boyfriend was the 3 day champ!!!) and were never bored. We were amazed that we never saw any bugs, flies or mosquitos the whole time we were there. I hope this helps. Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beaches - Resort just average Just back from the Iberostar Domenicana. I really relied on these reviews for my trip and felt it was really helpful so now that I am back I wanted to reciprocate.Just to get an idea of my travel profile, I am in my early fourties and traveled with my husband (of same age) and 2 boys ages 10 and 6. I have lived in Europe and traveled throughout Europe, the Far East and to Mexico and St. Martin in the Carribean.Here's a summary of what we found:Rooms: The room at check in was musty and not really large enough for 4 people. My husband (a patient persuasive type) spoke to the front desk and managed to get us moved to the block of rooms near the SPA and gym. This room was great. It had a very high ceiling and a sunken living area with a couch, coffee table and led out to a balcony overlooking gardens. We were less than a minute walk to the beach and maybe a 3 minute walk to the lobby. We ended up using the 2 beds only but the staff offered to set up an bed on the couch. Avoid the first floor rooms in the long building, they are musty and dark. Our room was 3924.Food: The buffet is really very average. We found the meats to be underdone and very heavily sauced. It wasn't bad food, just not as fresh and simple as I like to eat. It is probably a personal preference. The kids ate pizza and french fries which were available at lunch and dinner. They aren't really picky eaters but since the junk food was available they ate it.I didn't really sweat the fact that the food was just ok. We had a bit of tummy trouble on return home but I don't know if that is attributed to a steady diet of grease (the pizza and fries) or just a change of diet. We only drank bottled water, brushed teeth in it and ordered all drinks without cubes. Just remember that the variety of food is huge and you can find something to eat that you will like. The specialty restaraunts were ok. you need to book those reservations immediately upon arrival especially if you have kids because they book up fast and only have very late reservations. We booked the Asian, Mexican and Steak house. The Steak house was probably the best, it is right on the beach with sand underfoot, you really feel like you are on vacation. Bottom line, don't worry about the food it is really ok not spectacular but passable.Beaches and Pools: The beach is absolutely the best I have ever seen. The water is warm, sand is soft and never gets too hot to walk on. People do reserve a spot early in the AM which is a bit of a pain but I just jumped on the bandwagon and reserved a spot at the beach and pool and never had a worry. The kids loved the pool and met lots of other kids to play with. Lots of Europeans around, no problem with manners at all. Tips: The shop that sells floaties will blow up your floaties, we gave them a couple of dollars for doing ours. I picked up a couple at Target for $2 and packed them in our suitcase. We just left them at the pool. The Kids club looks a little weak, it seems like there was a bit of wandering and I personally would not leave my kids with them. However, that could very well be a personal choice and the kids that did it seemed to have fun. We just felt we didn't need it. In the evening the kids can get up on stage and do a show which is very cute.Summary: We really relaxed on this vacation. I think we would try a smaller resort next time, but the Domenican is just beautiful. There are plenty of excursions to go on (Outback Safari was a blast - didn't bring the 6 year old way too long of a day) so go and have a great trip. Do some shopping at the beach, the kids will love the coco loco drinks and ice cream. The Domenican people are so kind and sweet with children, you will feel very comfortable taking your children on this holiday. Have a blast.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Love The Iberostar This is our 3rd trip to the DR. and Our 2nd time staying at the Iberostar Hotels. We love it! we are so confused when people say the food was adequate and the beach was so-so? The food selection is above and beyond, every night in the buffet they have a diffent theme: like Italian, Japenese, ect. There is even Pizza. Every kind of food you can think of is available, even burgers and hot dogs for those folks who like to live on fast food. The drinks selection is also above and beyond. The servers in the restaurants and buffets could sure teach the servers in the US and Canada some lessons on customer service, and they only get the equvilant to 200-300 dollars US per month and they always have a smile on their faces and are singing happily. The rooms at the hotel were always clean and they were always well stocked with fresh towels and water and pop. Some people say the rooms have a musty smell, but you must remember where you are. The humidity and tropical climit make things smell different then at home. Now for the beach...it is beautiful and well kept. We had no problem getting chairs each day and as for all the complaints I've read about the topless women, I say to you OH Well, You know what to expect when you go to a destination that is frequented by Europeans and topless is the norm in their country. So if you don't want your kids to see --- then take them to the pool. I really hesitate to tell you any more about this beautiful country because I fear too many people will over run it with their trips. We loved it so much and we have so many good friends down their now that we would love to eventually move to the DR. I want to point out one very specific thing about these reviews that people write in, Almost all of the negetive reviews come from people who are Spoiled rotten with fast food, they are demanding of being catered to every minute of the day and night and have very little respect for the beautiful country and the beautiful people who have allowed them to visit. They stick out on the resort like a sore thumb and you can spot them and hear them a mile away. Otherwise the Iberostar is like home away from home, if you want for anything they will try to get it for you or find someone who can. We will be going back in Feb 2006 to have the honour of being witness' for a young Dominican couple who have become like family to us. We thought our trip last year was great, but this year was even better.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation We just returned from the Punta Cana Dominican. We were there 2/20-2/27. We live in Vermont, but flew out of Montreal, which is a 2 hour ride from our house in VT. It was very pleasant to leave such cold weather and experience 7 days of sun and 85 degree weather.There were four of us, and we had 2 rooms. My wife and I in one, and my daughter and niece in the other. They are both 15. The rooms were comfortable. The mini fridg was filled everyday (beer, soda and bottled water). We had 2 double beds and it was quite comfortable. The only problem was the hair dryer. It just wasn't what my wife was used to. The pool and beach were AWESOME!!! There were two restaurants to choose from for lunch, and the food was great. There is absolutely no reason to go home hungry. I had to laugh at my niece. We travel all the way to Punta Cana, and her favorite food was french fries. The entertainment staff works hard and trys to keep everone happy. They organized games like water polo, soccer, volleyball and water aerobics. If you want to sit and watch that's OK too. Get to the pool by 7AM, or the chairs disappear. I'm an early person so that wasn't a problem. Bathroom facilities were immaculate, although going to the bathroom with a cleaning lady there was a little weird.We went to the shows every night, and they were great. Lost a little $ in the casino, but had fun. We went to every restaurant. Mexican was our favorite. Make your reservations right away. It wasn't a problem for us because I took care of that right away. We have been to Playa del Carman, Cancun, Aruba, Jamaica and Bermuda. We have stayed at the best places. This compared favorably with any trip we've had. You can't go wrong.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Iberostar Dominicana, Punta Cana We stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana in Punta Cana. This was the second vacation in a Iberostar, and we were very happy with the over all stay.The flight with Air Transat was great a bit crowded but comfortable, we upgraded to first class on the return and this was excellent. The only caveat about this is on returning to Toronto, we landed at 1:30pm afternoon and before we could pick our luggage, clear custom, walk great distances to pick the shuttle, we did not get out of the airport and our hotel till 5:20pm. As much time to do this than the whole flight. We do not think too much of Pearson International and the whole airport atmosphere. The volume of travellers seem's overwhelming to the system at time and make for long wait, the fact that you arrive in one area, walk a great distance for your luggage and to custom is also poorly organized.At the resort the building the ground , the people, are all fantastic, the beach is one of the best we have seen so far, the temperature was very comfortable in the mid 70f, at our arrival, because our room was not ready we were upgraded to the Bavaro side to a mini suite , this was excellent and very comfortable, huge room 20x30ft and a full bathroom and storage on top of that. everything worked well , a/c, plumbing, fridge, tv. We had a silent air conditioning system that done a superb job quietly. The staff cleaning were also excellent.The food was excellent with a great variety of meat and other main dish, salad, cold cut fine cheese, excellent pasta, fresh fruits and deserts. The serving staff was excellent an not intrusive, we found they reacted very well to enthusiastic Hola and a smile. You have to remember that Iberostar is training their staff very well, being in a crowded and very competitive environment in Punta Cana, they will do much to please and have satisfied customer that will want to come again.The beach was beautiful,well groomed, with ample chairs and cabana, supply of towel was excellent. The sea was somewhat rough at time as it was windy most of the week, but it was not entirely unpleasant, you just needed to be careful in the water.We did not take in any a la carte, being satisfied with the buffet, according to conversation with other the food and service was also excellent.We found the food at time somewhat a bit oily, this caused a bit of problem for a day or so, but overall that was minor.As we love to see new area we probably will not go back to the exact same location, but I would not hesitate to recommend this resort to anyone, adult or families with children. The resort itself is part of a huge complex of 3 resorts and there is room for a great many, it feel like a small village at time.Claudette and Lucien, Chelmsford, ON Canada  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you become like jello.... Just returned home from this beautiful resort...This was my 4th time in Punta Cana I stayed at other resorts in the past. The food was very typical of DR...Oriental Rest. was great and the Gormet Rest was very nice and food was great...Everyone was very friendly and more then willing to help you...Weather was a bit cloudy and a few rain showers...I usually go in March and April and the weather is always sunny and warm, my next trip I will go during those months again...I only have one complaint ...the blowdryers in the room are not strong I would suggest if you have long or thick hair bring your own from home...But sit back and relax and enjoy every minute there because the time goes by very quickly and then back to our real world...Don't forget to join the fun at the Disco at nite every age group is there...Have Fun!!!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok I work for an airline and so travel a lot. I chose the Iberostar because of recommendations of friends, the write-ups and the reputation of the hotel. I was a little confused because there are 3 different hotels on this property and didn't know which to choose. The Bavarro was the most highly recommended but it wasn't available for the days I went. The Iberostar Dominicana and Iberostar Punta Cana are huge vacation factories. They are a little too big for my taste. The 2 hotels face each other and guests can use any of the facilities in either hotel, including the restaurants, but not those in the Bavarro. The rooms are standard, clean, no bugs, nothing to write home about. The beach was so packed with guests that it looked like the Jersey Shore. Also, there is a watersports center directly on the beach in front of the Punta Cana, so there are many, many boats emitting fumes right in your face. The water is beautiful, just not as in front of this hotel. They have animators all over the place which is cute for those who like it. They do not have waiters on the beach. You have to hike it to the bar which always has a line. The waiters and employees are very nice and friendly. The food was edible. The chairs on the beach are those uncomfortable plastic ones. They give you cards in order to collect your towels and if you lose either they charge you. You cannot get bottled water outside of your mini-bar, they will charge you. Iberostar Bavarro is the best of the lot. It is separate from the others. The rooms are suites and some have ocean view. They offer top shelf liquor. This hotel is a solid 3 star, including all that that implies. It is a good value for your money.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing 2 weeks at a brilliant Hotel This Hotel is amazing. It is a must for anyone looking for a fantastic relaxing holiday with activities on hand if you want them. The all inclusive nature means that you don鈥檛 take any money with you as all food, snacks, drink, water sports, and activities is included. We had the best time and are definitely planning to go back.  Travel Company: We flew with Direct Holidays through My Travel and paid for an upgrade to Premier Class. The flight was great and the upgrade was well worth it for the free drinks and extra legroom. However the crew were a bit snooty.  The Staff: The staff go out of their way to ensure that you are happy and encourage you to join in with all the activities such as aerobics, darts, shooting, football etc. The 鈥榮tar friends鈥?organise the day activities and at night put on shows in the theatre, which are great, fun and good to watch whilst sipping on one of the many cocktails.  The Food: The food was amazing and I'm a very fussy eater but every night was spoilt for choice. The main buffet restaurants are full of salad platters, meat platters, and have an amazing array of hot foods. The speciality restaurants are also great and the beach side steak restaurant was fab. At lunchtime you can chose to eat either in the buffet restaurant or down at 1 of the 2 beach bars/restaurants. The drinks are great to; good wine, beer and all the iced cocktails are to die for. Everyone tells you to beware of buffet style servings and not to eat fruit or veg, but we ate it every night and weren鈥檛 ill once during our 2 week holiday  The Rooms: The rooms are great and the junior suite that we had was huge. There is a slight musty smell, but I have found this in many hotels in tropical resorts due to the humidity. All you need is to pack a small fragrance candle and the scent of that will solve the problem.  The Activities: After eating so much every day, all day, I had to keep my size 8 beach body trim so I did the aqua and beach aerobics. It鈥檚 great fun and a good 30 mins of exercise. The tennis courts are also included in the price and the courts are great to play on in the late afternoon.  The Pool  Beach: The pool is huge, and very clean. There is a slight problem with early rises reserving sun beds, but my advice is head to the wonderful beach. Usually we are pool people, but the sand is so nice and white and the water fairly clear that you鈥檒l probably end up there every day. Plus there is a lovely breeze that comes of the ocean that you need to cool you down, cause it is hot!!! Unlike neighbouring hotels, Iberostar Dominicana has parasols for shade on the beach and the seaweed is cleaned away from the sand every morning.  This hotel is 1st class, and you will not be disappointed.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>malvern
<Content>Shigella, Malaria, Bad service Went to Iberostar Domincana over New years. Several problema all sould be aware of:  1. CDC recommends Malaria prophylaxis with chloroquine starting 1 week PRIOR to departure. We did not know this - our and our travel agents' fault. THe resort professes iognorance about this risk and you cannot get chloroquine there.  2. My wife contracted Shigella flexneri an invasive infectious gastroenteritis that is food borne and transmitted by contaminated food from poor hygiene from food workers. This causes a severe gastroeneteritis that require antibiotic therapy. After our return, the health department contacted us and 20 other people returned from Punta Cana 1 week after us with the same organism. Basically, this reflects extremely poor sanitary conditions at this resort. Its not a water thing - its is food borne. We did not drink the water, by the way.  3. The staff is singularly unhelpful. We booked and paid more for the Domicana and they tried to put us in an inferior room in the Cana part of the resot. The front desk denied the two parts of the hotel were different but they clearly were and othe staff admitted it. They could not professionally adress simple problems like a broken phone. I had to fight with them to lend me an unused phone to replace mine (we had two rooms with kids and needed the phone) instead of wait until tomorrow when the technician comes.  Beaches - absolutley gorgeous. Unfortunatley give the above, would NOT go back or recommend to others.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BarbGeo
<Content>Great place to relax Our return home to snow and ice was depressing. But the previous seven days from Saturday, January 8, 2005, to Saturday, January 15, 2005, were all that we could have expected at the Iberostar Dominicana resort. First let me tell you that I found this web site 36 hours before our plane was to take off. Some of the reviews were to say the least, questionable and had us wondering. But I can honestly say after the thirty minute ride to the resort from the airport (which was harrowing!!) EVERYTHING was great. We were also up-graded to a Jr. suite because our room with the king size bed was not ready when we arrived and the Jr. suite was awesome. We just pushed the beds together and it worked for us. The pool and the ocean were superb, it was a little windy but no big deal. Get down early to get your spot at the pool or at the beach, no one bothers your stuff. There was a little rain every day but again no big deal, we just pulled our chairs under our hut and in a few minutes it was sunny again. My wife and I went there to relax and that is exactly what we did. No tours or running around, seven days of pure bliss. If you want tours and that stuff there's plenty to do. The casino was very good to us and we won $1800.00!! There are about 2 dozen slot machines, all 5 and 25 cent machines and about 10 tables for various card games along with 2 roulette tables. We gambled all week on the money that we won which enabled us to take the money we brought to gamble with back home-what a deal!! The one drawback at the casino is no A/C but we got by. Look for the Wizard and break his spell, it's a 25 cent machine but it was lucky for us. The food on a scale of 1 to 10 was a solid 8. There are so many choices, just take your time and pick what you like. Most of the fish was good to excellent, very well prepared and that makes sense when you look out over the ocean. There was also plenty of poultry, pork and beef to chose from. We found the food by the pool and ocean around lunch time to be the best of the buffet style food, try it. There is no possible way that you can't find something that you like. The staff was truly outstanding, there is a slight gap in communication if you can't speak Spanish, but you try and they try and it just works out. A few tips that will make your trip better, bring over the counter stomach stuff. It costs a bundle in the shop and it's better to have and not need. Put a piece of tissue in the vent by the motion sensor. The fan and room A/C will keep it moving and your power will not shut down when there is no movement in your room. Close your eyes and hold your breath on the trip from the airport to the resort, the only bad part of our trip. There are no stop signs and no speed limits signs so what does that tell you!! We had absolutely no bug issues at all. Take along plenty of sun screen and suntan lotion as well as skin lotion for after the sun. I came back with the best tan of my life. This stuff all costs plenty in the shop. Last but not least, take along plenty of U.S. singles to tip with. We took 100 singles and used them all. The staff work long and hard hours to make your stay unforgetable, handing them a dollar or two is equal to handing the kid bagging your groceries a 10 dollar bill, and they ALL seem to appreciate it. The staff do not expect a tip since it is included in the all-inclusive package and I found this quite refreshing. Have a great stay and if we can help you in any way, please feal free to drop us a line. The guests at the resort were from all over the world and we found them to be all pleasant and friendly. We met people from all over who shared different stories with us. Many had been to the resort before and were on return trips. The resort was extremely clean and well landscaped, simply beautiful. We would definitely go back again. George and Barb from Willowick, Ohio  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place-but a few things to keep in mind We have just returned from our one week stay. It was my parents, my sister (age 17), and myself (age 26). Overall, it was a nice place. The staff was very friendly and helpful! However, there are a few things I wish I had brought along and were difficult to get while we were there. First of all, to our SUPRISE, and in a GREAT way..we were upgraded to the Junior Suites-my parents in one room and my sister and myself in another. (We didnt ask to be upgraded, and that is one of those situations where-you are thankful and just smile-not making any mention of a possible mistake!) The main thing that I had wished I had brought was a Amercian/Dominican plug adaptor for the use of my blowdryer and curling iron. I was able to rig up a defuser type concoction due to the fact I have curly hair and without a defuser I look like a frizoid! (My mother-for whatever reason had brought along electric tape and we were able to tape our defusers to the blowdryer in the suite.) I purchased an adaptor from the gift shop for $1 US, and it didnt work. Second thing we could not get enough of was singles. It seems that when you tip (imagine that) you get much better service. I also had difficulty cashing a $100 US travelers check. I visited the bank on the resort after attempting to cash it at the front desk and even the BANK would not give me the entire amount in US dollars. I did have luck cashing it at the Casino though-but still had trouble finding singles. When you arrive at the airport in the Domician Republic, have cash ready for your VISA It was $10 US per person, and luckly I had $40 US cash on me because they would not give change for a $100 bill. The food was good (if not very good) especially if you care for Euopean Style Cusine. The only problem we had is that our flight came in very late and after 10:30pm they only have VERY FEW things for you to eat in one restaurant until 5:30am. And at sometimes-in between lunch and dinner-it is difficult to find any food at all. (I have taken several cruises and in the comparison of this resort to even a Carnival Cruise-if you are hungry at a off time of day- you will have difficulty finding something to eat.) I also HIGHLY recommend bring an isulated travel mug from home. (This would have come in VERY handy for a morning coffee drinker and for the FOO FOO drinks later in the day.) Also- I was disappointed that they do not have room service for food. It's nice on vacation sometimes to just order in breakfast. The grounds were immaculate. The shows were very entertaining and a lot of fun to watch. I left a several US dollar tip on my pillow everyday reqesting additonal water bottles from my housekeeper and that did the trick! Overall we had a good time and I would return again-that is if I had read about a few necessary items first!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Crystalwaters
<Content>Very Relaxing The IB-Dominicana is an immuculate hotel. Tons of workers constantly keeping the grounds clean. The buffet is just OK, but the specialty resturants are really good. Try to get in as many times as you can. Drinks were never watered down and the service from the bartenders was wonderful. You will not be disappointd!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Choosetts
<Content>Very nice week! We stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana from January 2 2005 through January 9, 2005. We have previously stayed at Iberostar Hacienda Dom. in the DR and Iberostar Pariso in Mexico, also a few others various resorts in parts of Mexico and the Caribbean. We have so far liked the service at the Iberostars and try to stay there when we vacation. This was our 1st time to Punta Cana. We flew GWV/Iceland air out of Boston. It was a 3.5 hour trip and uneventful. Checkin was a breeze since it was a charter we just follow the signs and are bussed to the resort. We had many drinks at the lobby bar before heading off to our room!!. The rooms are not as nice as the other 2 newer IB鈥檚 we have stayed at but certainly not bad. The beach is long and beautiful but so so windy that we often had to tip another lounge chair on the side of us to block the wind. The ocean was also very wavy with quite a bit of undertow. I don鈥檛 know if it is like this all the time or just this time of the year. The weather was not the best but it wasn鈥檛 horrible either. The rain would come in the form of a black cloud that would last for about 5 or 10 minutes. Not really a problem, we would just go to the lunch area and have another drink and play cards until it passed. It rained at night quite a bit. There are many topless and bottomless Europeans. By bottomless we mean thongs ahah! Some on beautiful people and some on not so beautiful people.The staff is terrific. Always hard at work and smiles for everyone. We tipped here and there throughout the resort with $1 bills. Also we brought along some school supplies and left them at the front desk for the representive to pick up. As per the instructions on Debs dominican travel site.The food is typical AI, if you can鈥檛 find something you like then something is wrong with you. We ate at the Oriental restaurant and had mixed reviews. My wok dish was fab my husbands pork fritters were horrible. The gourmet restaurant only served lobster but 2 of us asked for something else instead and got a good filet mignon. The steak restaurant on the beach was not so good and the Mexican restaurant was okay. we had no problem getting into 4 specialty restaurants when we were only supposed to be allowed 2. We just asked at the reservation desk. We liked the buffet restaurants on the Punta Cana side as it seemed to be less crowded. They also serve a cook to order steak and chicken area in the buffets which was great. You have to wait in a long line for that though. Breakfast is my favorite and we all enjoyed the chicken at the lunch buffets. Again the lunch area on the Punta Cana side was less crowded. They do tend to run out of coffee cups and juice glasses around 9 am though. You just have to wait for a clean cart to be brought out. At times it seemed very crowded at other times not at all. Paella lunch day was so crowded we couldn鈥檛 find a seat. The entertainment was typical, we always enjoy the audience participation shows better than the Broadway night theme shows. We went to the casino a few times but it was very warm there, no air-conditioning for some reason. Our friends like to play black jack so they liked having that available. The disco was filled with the 20 something and younger crowd. Children are not allowed in under any circumstances. You need the adult wrist band to enter, it doesn鈥檛 matter if you are with parents or not. There were many more teens and 20 year olds here than at the other 2 IB鈥檚. We didn鈥檛 go on any excursions. We went to relax and get tanned and that鈥檚 exactly what we did. For $1069 pp it was a steal. Our friends were upgraded to the jr. suites and we went to the main hotel. Their suite was nice but they got rained upon at night when walking back to their rooms where we had the covering all the way back to ours. I wouldn鈥檛 bother paying the extra money for a suite unless you have children along. Only my husband got some stomach upset as he did last year but the rest of us did not. He was annoyed and ate only bread and pepto bismal for the day. I took a pepto chew tab everyday. Yes my tongue turned black but the tummy was fine. Every other year we bring the kids along, age 16-23 for their xmas present and we may very well head back here next year as I think they will enjoy the evening entertainment better than the other resorts we have been to.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice getaway We just got back from there on January2,2005We spent a week there. It is a beautiful resort and good food, the service I felt could of been better. We just got spoiled at the Iberostar Lindo in the Rivera Maya. We were there in August and the service there was the best ever. The DR seemed primitived to my husband and I. No down town area, just villages. We did take the Outback Safari and it was great. We had a nice time at the resort, not sure I would go back. But that is our point of view, everyone has different opions.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow I went to this hotel from the 01/12 - 15/12. I had never done an all inclusive deal before and wow what a starting place.The staff are all really friendly and the food is really nice, although we did only try 2 of the gourmet restaurants because there was such a wide choice in the buffet style restaurants.The only thing I would say, is that I wasnt a big fan of the birds that were allowed to walk around - maybe thats just me being a wimp!!The massage that I had was fab and was made even better by the fact I managed to be away from the room, as my boyfriend had found a TV channel showing the English Premiership and his beloved Portsmouth FC.Would reccommend this hotel and holiday to anyone!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic holiday Went to the dominicana between 4th october till the 18th. the weather was great, but when it rain it rain hard, which only last for a max 5 minutes, the next thing you know your back sunbathing. I personally didn't rate the buffet restuarnts to highly but my partner absolutley loved them.So it's up to your own personal taste. However the speciality restaurants were superb. Prices in the shop are extremley high for aload of old tat really, and makesure you take plenty of sun lotion, because you will definatly need it, and it cost around 拢18 per bottle. We did the horse riding excursion which i throughly enjoyed, you go for a 2 hour ride all along the shanty towns and you can see how the local people live, but the most spectacular part of the ride is when you ride along the beach watching the sun set. The rooms were spotless each day we had a towel made into a heart or an animal. the mini bar was always stocked, and we had freshley washed towels everyday. The staff were great very polite, and the entertainment staff (star friends) were great and had you all up dacing and joining in the fun. i actually won miss iberostar whilst my partner came second in mr iberostar. the entertainment can be quite funny when its the residents joining in, but can be boring when the have local dancers in, nothing much more happens except dancing. the nightclub was ok only went twice, but enjoyed it. The rockcafe is out of this world it's next door to the night club, the food is magical. The beach is gorgeous and it is so hot all day and night the temperature never change. So take a fan with you. Hotel beautiful so are the swimming pools. The only downside of the holiday is being confined to the complex, apart from that great. Plenty of europeoans there and americans. a great holiday overallLorraine and David  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>did NOT want to go home......       christmasbuffet  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever!!! We just returned from the Dominican on December 22, 2004. Iberostar Dominicana was absolutely wonderful. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The food was unbelievable, we had seafoof at least once a day. Although, you have to be willing to try new things. I tried sushi for the first time at the Oriental restaurant and it was great. They garauntee three reservatoins at the a la cart restaurants but, we made reservations for each night we were there. The beaches were amazing, we spent half of the day just walking up and down the beautiful beaches. I over-packed packed my suitcase. The only things you need are swimsuits and casual/a little dressy clothes for the evening. I didn't need any shorts or tops that I had packed. Only one caution to warn you about -you will gain a few pounds with all the wonderful food and drinks! We can't wait to book our vacation at Iberostar Dominicana for next year. We're telling everyone we know who likes to travel that they need to go here. Forget Mexico, this is the best place! I loved that the resort was not americanized, that's what made it so special.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok trip Overall, we really enjoyed our trip. This was the first Iberostar we have been to, but we have been to two Club Meds. I think Club Med provides more of the things we like, but it is a bit more expensive. The pool was great, and the ocean was gorgeous. The rooms were very comfortable although we had a somewhat boring view of a tree and a path. If you aren鈥檛 a picky eater, the food is great. My boyfriend loves buffets, so he was in heaven. Since I don鈥檛 eat red meat and shellfish, my choices were much more limited. The Asian and Mexican restaurants were the best choices. Also, the espresso bar in the lobby was wonderful for this Starbucks addict. We loved relaxing by the pool, and the aerobics in the ocean was easy but fun! We took one excursion to the Santo Domingo, which involved a bit too much time in a cramped van. Europeans, most of whom were friendly, mainly occupied the resort. However, the amount of smoking in public places was a bit bothersome.When we brought our luggage back to Boston everything smelled incredibly moldy. I had to through out a swimsuit and piece of luggage, as I couldn鈥檛 get the smell out. And, what I thought was an insect bite turned out to be a parasite (cutaneous larva migrans.) I had to have a prescription compounded at a specialty pharmacy after a trip to the dermatologist. I think I got a bit unlucky with the parasite (likely picked up from the beach). We won鈥檛 likely go back, but overall it wasn鈥檛 a bad value for the money.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>NADS1979
<Content>Loved it and will go back I have just come back from Punta Cana Domenican Republics, and I stayed at the Iberostar Domenicana. Let me first off say that the hotel was paradise, it was beautiful and big, and comfortable. The people (waiters, waitresses and animateurs) were fantastic. They made sure that my vacation was great. The animation team was also spectacular, always doing activities, and inviting us to dance and participate in the shows.The food was everything you would want.. from seafood, to meats, veggies, and fruits. I never ate the same thing twice. If you do go I recommend you try the oriental and tropical restaurant. The weather was very very hot... it rained once but for 5 minutes.The room itself was spaciaous and clean at all times. The whole hotel is actually kept clean at all times.. the grounds are constantly attended, and you feel like in your own little world.I would go back to Punta Cana in a second, especially to stay at the Iberostar.I do not have any compliants, but if you are going with children many europeans go topless, it took some getting used to.I recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to visit Punta Cana. It is a Paradise resort.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yellowhed68
<Content>Don't believe the negative reviews We just returned from a great week at the Dominicana last night, wish we could've stayed longer. Before booking this vacation I used this site to help decide what resort to stay at, and even with the negative reviews decided to go to the Dominicana because the price was right. I was concerned about the food and drink situation because of some of the reviews and because my only other experience with an All-Inclusive was terrible. After the first meal we ate there my concerns were put to rest. Anyone who complains about the food at this resort will just never be satisfied. Anyone should be able to find something that suited your tastes at every meal because the variety is so extensive and the quality was very good. The specialty restaurants were adequate with some better than others, I would recommend the Gourmet and the Japanese, and I would skip the Mexican. We had no problem getting reservations for the specialty restaurants, which had been an issue for us at our last AI. The drinks were good for the most part, some of the specialty drinks varied from bar to bar. I think it was because the bars are not all stocked with the same supplies, and if you ask for something that they didn't have they did there best with the mixes they had, rather than telling you they couldn't make it. Above all the staff just wants to make you happy, if they understand what you want and have the ability to make it happen they will. Everyone works very hard, and like others have said, they don't expect tips but very much appreciate them. The room was very nice, and we had maid service everyday. After the first day I left a note for the maid with a couple of dollars requesting extra water and beer in the minibar and never had to ask again the rest of the week. The rooms have a motion sensor in them that turns off the power when they are not being used which can make both the room itself and the drinks in the minibar not as cool as you would like them to be. I solved this by making a streamer of toilet paper that hung in front of the sensor. The air circulating from the ceiling fan provided enough motion to keep everything nice and cool for us upon returning from the beach. The resort grounds were immaculate and pheonominal. You literally felt like you were in some other world that consisted of beautiful gardens, flowers, walking paths, and festive decorations. It was a perfect place to escape from the hectic daily lives we all lead. And there was never a moment when we (including two women) felt unsafe or hesitant to walk out alone. Another sometimes overlooked yet important observation were the immaculate restrooms. All public restrooms....that being adequate in number......were immacualte as well. All had private doors and stalls and were always clean and well stocked. A very pleasant surprise. The weather was great, hot and very humid with a little sprinkle of rain mixed in occasionally, but nothing that even remotely affected our activities. We did one excursion to Saonoa Island which was not worth the money or the time, we had fun but I would not recommend it, would have rather done the Monster Truck, everyone said it was a riot.All four in our party were quite happy with our trip and would certainly go back without hesitation. My only negative observation that I would like to point out is the how rude and self-centered many of the Europeans were, especially the French. I don't think that they were rude because we were Americans, I think that they are just rude to everyone. It must be a cultural thing, but they just take what they want, jump ahead in line and have no concept of manners and taking turns. I have no bias on this subject, and I knew when we booked that this was a more European vacation destination than it was American. In fact on our Funjet charter flight from Chicago nearly half of the people were European imigrants that spoke English as a second language.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sixpak76
<Content>Wonderful Week Just got back from our week trip 11-28-04 to 12-05-04. Weather was sunny and warm everyday. Got upgraded to a villa Jr. Suite. Pool was clean, the beach had a nice breeze. Restaurants were great! Beware of the black sausage at one of the restaurants. Waiters couldn't explain what it was.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be aware - ask questions Just a word of warning... We were there the last two weeks in November (which is neither here nor)... The water is NOT Cariabian (no pretty fish, no flurishing corals reefs, no warm water, not so clear water). The free none motorized activites are not so free or available. You can only check out a non-motorized activity (including snorkeling) for one hour a day, if you are not experienced don't expect to be able to use any of the sail boats or bords. There is really not much to do there at all, unless you like to drink and sleep on the beach. We were bored to death and couldn't wait to leave, after 10 days. It really is a 3-4 day vacation.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect holiday! Our family stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana from 7/10 - 21/10/04 and had the holiday of a lifetime! We had originally booked for Superclubs Breezes, but were transferred due to storm damage. On arrival we were made very welcome, and given an efficient and friendly check-in, with all our bags (too many, I'll come back to that later!) taken to our room by the bellboys. On arrival in the room allocated, we found two double beds, which caused a slight problem, as my husband is very large and took up one of them, (and I hadn't come on holiday to sleep with my daughter!) so we went back to reception, and explained the problem, and were immediately allocated another room, with a kingsize bed, and a single for our daughter. During our stay we received wonderful service from eversmiling staff. Our room was kept spotlessly clean, with plenty of towels, and a wellstocked minibar. Please note - for those who don't recognise a bottle opener when they see one (us) it is on the wall in the bathroom! As is the only full power socket! Hairdryers etc only work on half speed in the bedroom area, but are fine in the bathroom. (Needless to say I was only told this 2 days before we left!)The entertainment is really Butlins in the sun, but no less enjoyable for that, and perfect for families. The animacion staff work really hard, with everything from dance lessons (you will like merengue, you will, you will, you will!) to shuffle board and aquarobics during the day - but you don't have to join in, and the first week is usually chilling! Watch out for Jonathan! He is really funny, and underneath all the cheeky chappy routine is a young man who has a very sensible head on his shoulders, and is very caring - he gave my daughter some very good advice while we were there, and like most teenagers, she listened to his every word, rather than listen to Mum (who gives the same advice every day!) In fact all the staff keep a very weather eye out for the younger teenagers, as they are at a very impressionable age, and in the case of the girls, often look older than they are. My husband and I felt able to relax knowing our daughter was in safe hands. Food was excellent, with plenty of choice, and no problem with the seafood, which I ate every day. If you want to eat in the speciality restaurants, make reservations as early as you can, as you often have to queue for ages to make them. Try to decide where you want to eat and when, and book the lot in one go! The steakhouse was great, and they offered my husband another steak when he finished the first! The pool areas are kept very clean, and are beautifully landscaped. If you want sunbeds with palapas (umbrellas) you do need to go down early and leave towels on the ones you want (7.00am ish) but no-one will move them, so you can go back to bed! (take it in turns, it's no hardship) You do not need to take towels at all! you get a card for towels at the pool side, which you change as often as you want - you can even take them off site, on trips if you want, and think of the space it gives in your suitcase. BE WARNED - they charge $10 per kilo excess baggage coming back so although the airline lets you take it out with no problem, coming back can be pricey, especially if you have bought gifts etc. You don't need clothes during the day at all, as you can eat at the poolside in your swimwear, and a lot of the trips only need swimwear and maybe shorts and a tshirt. We tried 3 trips: -Manati Park, an all day event with a variety of shows, and the chance to swim with dolphins if you wish; they have some very entertaining guides, (ask for Eric, my daughter loves him, and he made our day very special). A half day trip to the Marinarium, swimming with sharks and rays, and over the coral reef, was amazing, and great fun!, and last but not least, the day trip to the Island of Saona, with a catamaran trip out, under full sail, and a speedboat back, stopping in the natural pools on the way. The BBQ on the beach was great, and if you want cigars, haggle, we got a box of 25 splendidos for $20 with no problem!Nightlife! The disco opens at 11.30pm and does not allow under 16year olds. What the security guard does is check your arm band - if it is a junior one, tough, you can't go in! However, when you check in at the hotel, and they issue your armbands, if you have paid full price for your child (over 12) if they ask how many adults, I think you are quite justified in saying that your child is an adult. In fact they make it quite easy by just saying 3 adults? ( or however many are in your party, provided they look old enough) Just agree with them, and you will get adult armbands for your teenager, and it saves a lot of sulking! When checking in the disco to see what your terrible teens are up to, watch out for holes in the wooden floor - it was the only thing I could find in 2 weeks to complain about, and I didn't bother, cos everything else was so good, it seemed petty! They have dance competitions every other day (ish) in the disco, and there are always willing partners - part of the job for the overworked staff, who, by the way, are not allowed to eat, drink or smoke in front of residents! (Mind you, a sneaky glug of your beer can often be arranged!)Shopping - several shops in the hotel and the adjoining Iberostar hotels give a good selection of souvenirs and gifts. Tobacco is pricey, sun lotion exhorbitant, so take plenty with you, especially high factor ones, as blisters are not a good look, and at 拢18 for a bottle of factor 50, it's cheaper to buy a tshirt! There is a doctor and clinic on site, if you really need it, but commonsense beforehand is much cheaper. There are markets on the beach, about 10mins walk, where you can haggle to your hearts content, and you can get a taxi to Bavaro Plaza for approx 拢6, but there is nothing different there, and the traders there are expert cryers, who make you feel as though you are personally reponsible for starving their children if you offer a low price! Sorry if I have gone on a bit, but with a little information before you go, you can avoid any potential pitfalls, and have the same brilliant holiday that we did! We are in the process of booking again for next year, so hope to see you there!Pat, Terry and Jacqui Wilton.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChampagnePaulie
<Content>Fun In The Sun We stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana from October 7th to October 21st 2004. The check-in procedure was good, but it did take quite some time for our bags to arrive. The rooms were spacious. Ours was on the first floor and we had a king-size bed. There was also a bed-settee if you had more than 2 in the room. We had the usual satellite TV, mini bar stocked with soft drinks, water and beer and hair drier. We did have a problem with our wardrobe door sticking, but we told housekeeping and it was fixed the next day.The pool area was kept clean and tidy and there were enough sunbeds (although you had to be up fairly early if you wanted a one with a parasol). The gardens were really well kept. The gardeners worked really hard keeping the grass cut and the hedges neat. There were peacocks strolling around with their peahens and babies. There were also flamingoes in a pool up near reception. There were 2 buffet restaurants (one European and one American), a Mexican , Asian (Japanese/Chinese  Thai), Steak, Fish and an a la carte. There was also the Rock Star Cafe which served burgers and steaks etc. You did not need to book for the buffet restaurants or the Rock Star Cafe but the others had to be booked. Due to the storm damage, the fish and steak resstaurants were housed in the same building when we were there. A new roof was going on the usual steak restaurant whilst we were there and it will probably be open again now. Lunch times were quite busy and it was often difficult to get a seat if there was more than 2 of you. We usually waitied until the rush was over. There was more than enough food to go around.The bars were quite busy and service could be a little slow. There is a casino on site but we didn't go in. There is also a small parade of shops selling everything from t-shirts to paintings. As you would expect for shops on a hotel complex, they are quite expensive.The hotel gym was small and some of the equipment had seen better days. It was starting to rust. This was hardly surprising as the gym is upstairs and just has a palm thatch roof, the sides are open to the elements. In general we enjoyed our stay. This was not our first choice of hotel, but our intended hotel (Superclubs Breezes Punta Cana) was storm damaged and not taking guests.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Returned home 11/1/04, ready to go back. Before leaving for our trip we read quite a few negative reviews about The Dominicana. After getting in touch with one of the people who wrote the review I felt much better about going. All I can say is it was a wonderful vacation. We only drank bottled water and didn't eat any green salads and nobody in our group got sick. The staff is exceptional. They are very kind people who can't do enough for you. They are so helpful and pleasant. The activities staff are unbelievable. They make you want to get involved in the activities, but they never push. They make everything fun. They work so very hard. They work all day doing the activities then they are in the shows at night. They alone were worth the trip. Nelson who works at the reception desk became our Guardian Angel as he did many other people. He remembered us after meeting us once. He took care of any needs we had. The specialty restaurants we tried were the Gourmet and The Steak Restaurant. Both were excellent. We thought the buffet catered more to the European taste, but after the first couple of days we found ourselves eating more and more. The grounds are absolutely beautiful and the maintenance on the grounds and buildings are nonstop. We met many people from all parts of the world and they treated us all with respect and kindness. We didn't meet one stinker. Overall, I would say don't hesitate to stay here, but be prepared for a few boobies. After the first few you don't even notice anymore. We just thought it was funny.We had a beautiful vacation.Linda  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Amazing I have to say that this hotel is truly awesome.Just got back 10/24. The hotel shows very little hurricane damage. The food is really good,animation team and shows are number 1, and the hotel is very well kept. The rooms are standard and what is really good about this hotel is that they really cater to kids. Some topless at the pool which we found annoying but otherwise everything else was perfect. I truly recommend this hotel,whatever the price.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jane71
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana, Just returned We have just got back this morning from the Dominicana 29/9 - 13/10. After all the reports about the hurricanes i was a little apprehensive about taking my family there but it was great, the complex itself is huge and the landsceping although a little battered was still really nice. The pool is excellant although the run for chairs and palapas starts at 6.30am if you have small children i would advise getting one cause the midday sun is very very hot,the beach is fantastic, the sea is a little choppy though.The food is nice and there is a huge choice but it does get a little repetative. The star rock cafe is nice as is the steak restaurant,we tried the chinese and the mexican they were ok but children do not always like it. The queue round the ice cream bar gets a little hectic at times but do shout up cause the spanish people do.The Star friends team are really great they have far too much energy in heat like that, there are activities going off most of the day and you get certificates and t-shirts presented at night. The night time entertainment left a little to be desired it is the same music all the time.The only thing i missed was the chance to have a walk round outside the complex on a night and to visit other places,you are confined to your complex.I would go back if there was a large group of us.Do take imodium with you cause everyone we spoke to including ourselves had tummy upsets and my husband was sick.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>icourier
<Content>Lucky to have missed bad weather       Wildlife on the resort  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>definately interesting i have been to mexico 5 times, and to the D.R. 1 time before this trip. i have always loved mexico, and the time in D.R. before was great, but this time was not. the europeans were not the nicest people, they acted as if the resort was there for them, and them only. they had a mean demeaner about them.food was ok, i think the asian resturant was the best.my room was very hot, the air conditioner just did not seem to be able to keep up. there was lizzards all over the place, they were worse then the bugs.my safe was robbed, but luckly most of my money was on my person at the time of the robery. when my safe was robbed, the management had no explanation for it, nor did they try to reconcile.the beach was wonderful, and the turquise water was great.the topless on the beach is nice (as long as there under 6o), but i did not like seeing the men wearing their beanbag baithing suits.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst holiday of my life we stayed at the dominicana between 08 sep and 22. we chose this particular hotel as our tour operator thomas cook gave it a five star prestige rating and when we arrived the hotel did give that feeling. the entrance and service we received were brilliant. the beach was powdery white sand and we never had a problem with sunbeds. the only down fall were the rooms which weren't as luxurious as described but as they were only to be used for sleeping in it didn't really matter. however the downfall came when hurricane jeanne hit. the hotel didn't have any procedure in place to advise guests what to do. they just said to expect adverse weather conditions as it was a tropical storm.they sent us round matches with no candles and 4 small bottles of water. when the hurricane hit they didn't want to know about flooding in the rooms or balcony doors being blown off. one of our friends was left in one of the suites where this happened for 3 days to clear it up themselves. the hotel staff even allowed us to walk around the eye of the storm without informing us this was the case.after the hurricane had gone we were left for 2 days with 2 restaurants, one with no lighting and the same range of food. we also waited 3 days for our room to be cleaned and to be given fresh towels. when this did happen they only gave us 2 towels and no toilet roll so we were taking it from the bar. up until the second to last day of our holiday we had no pool, no loungers, extra restaurants or bars as advertised. even when these were reopened we were not informed. the hotels main concern seemed to be standing up trees that had fallen over.i would also advise people to take their money everywhere with them as all of ours was taken from our bags and the safe in the room.it might be a good idea not to travel to this hotel in hurricane season as although many occur the hotel do not seem prepared for them and the staff only seem to understand english when there are no problems. my advice would be to research the procedures the hotels have in these circumstances before booking any hotel in the carribean.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Great hotel-Horrible w/ hurricane! 9/13 Before hurricane Jeanne hit Iberostar Dominicana/Punta Cana it was beautiful...well the beach. As for the rooms they were suppose to be 5 Apple through Apple Vacations which is about equivelant to a Red Roof Inn in the states. You don't hear to many complaints because not much time is usually spent in the rooms. Well, with the hurricane we were in our MUSTY smelling room alot and our room got cleaned twice in 6 days! The food was good before the hurricane and then after that it was the same cafateria food for 3 days strait! Hurricane not their fault, but poor planning did not help. Not a great trip overall...would not recommend or go back if someone payed me!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the vacation!! I went to the Iberostar Dominicana with my husband and daughter (7) August 15-22, 2004. We all had a wonderful time. The people are very friendly and helpful. We had no problems checking into our room. The room was nice and clean with a well stocked fridge. The housekeeping does a great job!!We had a lot of fun going to the shops along the beach and dickering for our purchases. We got some really good deals on clothes and gifts for our friends back home. The beach itself was well kept. We didn't see any seaweed or stones on the beach. I was surprised at all the topless sunbathing. I had read some reviews before our trip and knew that I was going to see some, but there was quite a bit of it. Luckily, I had talked to my child about different cultures prior to our trip.Once my daughter tried the mini-club, she was hooked. She made many new friends and wanted to spend the day with them. She enjoyed eating with the mini-club staff and being in the nightly shows. That was my main concern when I initially planned this vacation.We did do a couple of the excursions. We went on the Jungle Safari, which I highly recommend. It gives you the opportunity to see how the Dominican people really live. It really made us appreciate what we have here. The staff was fun and friendly. They eally made it an enjoyable experience. We also did the marinarium. That was very cool!! We got some really good pictures from swimming with the sharks and stingrays.We didn't try any of the specialty restaurants because the buffet was just fine for us. There was plent of variety each day to find something to eat. The turkey was the best!! The fish was very good too.We didn't participate in any of the daily activities. We were too busy hanging out by the beautiful pool. The pool is huge and kept very clean. As others have suggested, we got up around 7am to place our towels on a chair by the pool or on the beach. The one disappoining thing from the vacation is the pool closes at 6:30 in the evening. They said that the chemicals they must put in the pool are very harsh and that is why they must close it so early.We met some wonderful people from the states there and I hope to keep in touch with them. Who knows maybe we can travel with them again someday! Hello to Tim, Alex, Phillip, and Nicole from Virginia!! Write back soon...I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a great vacation. I would go back in a heartbeat, but it's Riviera Maya in April!!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Clean Fun! Not knowing what to expect, we got better then that! The rooms, beach, resort, et al were clean and comfortable. My son (@ 7) loved the Mini-club. The ladies in charge did an excellent job. Philip and my daughter (2.5) loved the evening program of games and dancing. The Star Friends left many memorable moments for my family. Don't be afraid to ask for additional water and such for the room. The front desk folk are okay. Check out was a hassle.The buffets were excellent and varied. We ate in the gormet resturant, and were very pleased.Remember to mind your manners, and the hosts will treat you that much better!Took two Apple excursions: one moterboat/catamurran (sp?) to the island and the trip to Santa Domingo. Both were very nice, just tiring; so don't do them back to back.The Emergency Clinic was professionally staffed and offered wonderful service to my son. Calmed his fears when he had to have a cortazone shot due to an allergic reaction to *something*.Overall, wonderful. Would I go back? Not sure. Too many other places to visit in the world, but yes otherwise.Love the all inclusive!-tim  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MariePrei
<Content>Had a great time!!       Inside our room  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation, Only minor complaints My wife and I arrived in the DR on August 13th for our 7 day all inclusive vacation. After a long flight around hurricane Charley, we were ready to relax. We traveled with Apple Vacations and as usual, we had fantastic service from them. Our airport/resort transfer was flawless. The bus ride was however a little un-nerving. You may have to close you eyes a few time on the road. Their driving habits are atrocious. When we arrived at the resort, our check in was fast and easy. The only real problem we had was the room. I requested a king size bed and was given two twin size beds. We had to wait until 2:00 PM on the next day to change rooms. The staff was however very accomodating. ROOMS: The overall cleanliness of the room was ok. There was some dust and the pipes leaked in the bathroom. The bathroom was outdated and in need of modernization. The shower is really good. We did have one day without cold water. If you need a hair dryer, bring your own. The one provided just puffs air. Beware, there is only one American standard plug in the room. Our air conditioning was sub standard. We did have a great balcony on our room overlooking a grove of palm trees.POOL: Excellent pool, but, very, very crowded. Too many young kids running amuck and a shortage of chase lounges. There is a bar and snack bar at the pool.BEACH: Magnificent! Best beach I have ever been to. It was clean and very well kept. Beware, if you are traveling with children, there are topless babes everywhere. The water is clean and crystal clear. The water is so salty that you can float effortlessly.OCCUPANTS: You will soon see when you arrive that Americans are in short supply. The resort is mainly Europeans that are taking their two week holidays. They act like they own the resort. They are rude and will not give you the time of day. They cut in line, they bump in to you, and will not move to let you pass on a sidewalk. They are loud and make it clear that they are European. The British were the best of the Euros. Very kind and caring.FOOD: The food had a bit to be desired. The meat was tough wherever you went. Hardly any good seasoning. There are five specialty resteraunts that must be reserved. There is Tropical, Mexican, Asian, Seafood, and a Steak House. They were all rated as poor on my dining index, however, the appitizers were excellent. There is also a nightly buffet that has fairly decent food. You can eat at all hours of the day. Be prepared to sweat during breakfast. It is open air and very hot and humid. The buffet lunch and dinner is the same. Air conditioning is at a premium in the reserved resteraunts.BARS: They are everywhere. You can drink all hours of the day and night. Most alcohol is weak. A tip will bring a stronger drink.ENTERTAINMENT: There are nightly shows that are put on by an entertainment team. They are there working in the pool area all day, and putting on shows at night. Very hard working people. The shows are quite good.All in all, we had a fantastic time and would visit again. We have done other all inclusives in Mexico that were much better. Please remember. Be kind to the staff They are very hard working people and deserve tips. Average monthly income of a Dominican is about $100.00. The staff works hard and always seem to be smiling. Have a great time!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We didn't love it We stayed at the Dominicana Iberostar from 7/25 to 8/1. It was our first trip to DR as we usually travel to Jamaica, Aruba, or Mexico. The beach was beautiful with white powdery sand altho the waves can be a bit rough. Contrary to previous reviews that were posted, we found fellow Americans friendly and courteous. It's the Europeans- French, Germans- that we found were quite rude. We could always tell the Europeans as they were the ones that would not yield an inch when approching the sidewallk, as there was not enough room for 2 couples to pass. No greetings of hello (or ola) nor a simple smile of acknowledgement. At the bars, they were the ones who would not wait their turn to order a drink. They were also the ones that would cut lines in the ladies restrooms. The food was OK. We found the Asian restaurant the best (ate there twice)- GREAT tempura and spring rolls. We bypassed the entre and stuck with the appetizers.I read how the gounds were impeccable but was somewhat disappointed. It was OK but the reviews had me anticipating a garden of eden. Oh well.. What I found to be different was sitting at the bar 11:30 at night with kids, ages 7-10. They would sit there with milkshakes but it still felt strange. I found the waitresses and bartenders to be excellent. They were always smiling and extremely helpful and accomodating.All in all, I would rate the trip as average. I really miss the swim up bar. :-)  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hunnyjuly
<Content>Full marks to Iberostar! Like other reviewers this is the second Iberostar we have stayed at - last year at the Costa Dorada.Found weather and evening entertainment slightly better than the C.D., but the food was slightly better there. Anyone who finds fault with either of these hotels is just being picky.In fact we are thinking of booking for the new Iberostar in Cuba for next year, due to open in a couple of months.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be ready to have fun! We stayed in Punta Cana at the Iberostar Dominicana from July 25th through August 1, 2004. The beaches are absolutely the most beautiful I have ever experienced. The pool is clean, I never felt crowded and the grounds are incredible. I just loved the pathways that took you through the resort. It is like a private garden that takes you from one place to the other. We did experience a problem upon check in. The room wasn't ready until nearly 4:00 so we couldn't unpack, shower or change our clothes to begin our vacation right away. Even though we booked a room with a king sized bed nearly a year in advance, and received a room with two double beds. We were told there were no rooms with king beds available but were switched to a room with a king size bed the next day. We basicly lost an entire day of our vacation waiting for the room we reserved to be ready. Washcloths are in short supply as we had to track down the maid three days in a row to get washcloths. Then you are limited to two. We didn't get our room cleaned two days in a row. When it did get cleaned, she did a great job though! The food reviews we read are pretty much on target. The meat is tough, and I wasn't sure what some of it was, but there was a variety of other foods to try if you didn't like what you took. (I always started with just enough for a taste first.) You can always go back and get as much as you like later. I would strongly recommend forgoing the seafood specialty restaurant as it was the worst of all. Also, beware that the steakhouse restaurant is ON THE BEACH. THE FLOOR IS SAND, SO DON'T DRESS UP! I wore a nice dress and high heal sandles. Big mistake! I had to take my shoes off to walk. A little warning would have been nice. It turned out to be the best meal we had on the trip though. My husband had a birthday while we were there and the waitress brought out a cake and several others sang to him. Later in the evening, the Star Friends brought him on stage and the whole audience sang to him also. They made the day special for him in a way he will never forget. We would definately go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic well what can i say we have just got back from paradise . food was very good rooms spotless the only thing i could fault was the bathroom was a bit scruffy in need of refurbisment. the people were great any one who complains about this hotel should not be going on a package holiday. i would say it deserves a5 star rating. we really enjoyed the starfriends they really work hard and we would like to thank jonathon jack and jay jay for making our holiday special.the only thing i would say is dont go thinking any of the food tastes the same as at home i think a lot of americans think it should. i would recomend this hotel to any one what ever age.the entertainment was done in three different languages which can be a bit drawn out but it did not spoil our fun  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holidaylover45
<Content>Another great holiday at an Iberostar Hotel We have just returned from another fantastic holiday to the Dominican Republic, once again staying at an Ibersostar Hotel. The first time we visitited the island was 2 years ago, when we went to the Iberostar Costa Dorada on the Atlantic coast.I must say, this Iberostar was as good as, if not better than the Costa Dorada.The main reasons for this is, the food, which we found more to our liking. Plus, the main attraction was the beach. The sand is beautiful, white and powdery, just like we imagined it would be. The sea, well...... I didn't realise there were so many shades of turquoise!!!There was never a problem geetting served at any of the nine bars we had access to. The waiters in the restaurants were always attentive, even though we didn't always leave a tip.We absolutely loved the Steak House (La Cana) on the beach, both for lunch and dinner. It was really great to have the sand between your toes whilst having a relaxing drink. The wine was a little weak in the buffet restaurant, but was of much better quality in the a la carte restaurants. My husband enjoyed the Presidente beer!!One of the first nights we arrived, we had a tremendous tropical storm, with the lightning flashing and thunder crashing, but needless to say, it was lovely again the following morning!! We did experience a couple of days rain and cloud, one of the rainy days, people didn't seem to bother, and just carried on playing volleyball or swimming in the sea!!!!!The BBQ and paella beach parties on the pool were great, though we didn't partake of the food at the paella one, as I was ill from lobster a couple of years ago, and didn't want to chance it.We only went on one trip, thought we did book for two. We cancelled the Saona Island trip as I and my little boy were not well enough to make the long journey. A pick up at the hotel at 7.20am, followed by a 40 minute bus ride to a meeting point. You then had to change coaches, for a further 1 and a half hours coach journey (on a coach with no toilets!) before reaching Bayahibe where the catamaran sailed from. It was then a further 1 and a half hours on the catamaran before reaching Saona about mid day. We just felt that we couldn't take a chance, and were extremely disappointed, as this was one of the resaons we had returned to the island.The other trip was brill, though we felt a little expensive for the money. It was the trip where you can swim with nurse sharks and sting rays. Yes, they are REALLY in the cage with you, and no netting between you. We took loads of pictures, and it was very unnerving. My daughters' screams as one swam beneath her must have been heard in the whole of the Caribbean!!!! It was made worse by the fact that she had just been studying Jaws in Media Studies at school!!We would definitely recommend this hotel, and if you have already booked, trust me, you have made an excellent choice!! I wish I was back there now, enjoy yourself, you lucky people!!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to visit Just arrrived back today, after 2 fantastic weeks at the Iberostar Domincana, with 10 others. The hotel was clean, tidy and very spacious. Plenty to do if you wanted to, if not then lay back and enjoy. The entertainment staff never forced you into doing anything, and respected your space and holiday. The beach had plenty too, ie, watersports. The food was ok, have had better, but certainly something there for everyone. The Gourmet Resturant was well worth a visit, the Lobster was delicious, never tasted it before glad I have now.Plenty of room around the pool, amply sun beds. Noel the towel man always happy to help with a beaming smile.The one and only draw back, well should I say it,,, the Americans... they are so rude and loud. I am sure they are not all like this, or is it that we English are too quite. They certainly liked everyone to know that they were there, and never a please or thank you. They do not understand the queing sytem either. But hey do not let them put you off, in some way they are amusing...Well worth a visit you will certainly enjoy this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brill We visited this hotel between the 23rd of june to the 7th of july, This was the best hotel i have ever visited in the caribbean. The local people and staff where very friendly and the food and acommodation was first class. I would reccomend this hotel to my friends and hope to go back sometime.  Alan jewitt  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic place great beach lovely people We have just returned from this hotel and it was wonderful, it was our 4th stay in the Dominican Republic and our 3rd stay at an Iberostar. The hotel is clean and well kept, the grounds are excellent. The rooms were very clean and well equiped and the maids make a big effort with flower and towel decorations. All the staff were helpful and friendly. The beach is better than at the Iberostar Costa Dorada. The food is good but not quite as good as at the Costa Dorada hotel. The childrens club was excellent for my 6 year old boy and operated from 10am until 5pm and again in the evening from 7pm until 9pm we couldn't get our son out of it which caused a bit of a problem as my husband had nobody too play with. Overall a very good holiday with one small complaint which I'm probably going to be lynched for saying THE Americans. Now I like the Americans and have travelled in the USA but they are very loud and shout alot eg at the bars they go up and say I want a beer or I need a beer no please or thankyou. Because of this the Dominicans are learning to respond to shouting and not to people waiting at the bar. I can hear the American response now and I'm sure it will involve tipping issues. I noticed at meal times Americans leaving a one dollar bill on the table which I found insulting to the Dominican people, by all means reward good service but don't insult it.One evening I was talking to a senior member of the hotel staff and he was saying that he really liked the English people because they are so polite unlike the Americans. I'm not saying all Americans are loud and rude we met some lovely ones but there did seem to be alot of loud rude ones.Please go and visit this hotel it is one of the best and I'm sure you will have a great time. happy holidays Anne  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was FANTASTIC!! We had a great time!! The hotel was beautiful. I was a little nervous about going b/c of a lot of things I had read about the food. But the food was Good! The dinners in the restaurants were Great! The Japanese was our favorite!! The beaches were beautiful. The grounds of the hotel were beautiful. Everyone was so helpful. It was a truly wonderful vacation!!! (We were there 7/15-7/19)  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic honeymoon !! We stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana from june30th- july14th Nothing prepares you for how hot is when you arrive, we moved quickly through to get our baggage no problems.We then took the interesting trip to our hotel never again will i complain about my husbands driving!!we were welcomed at the hotel with a very refreshing cocktail and then taken to the room, we had booked a junior suite and it was well worth it. Our luggage was delivered within 10 minuites.The grounds of the hotel were fantastic and the beach breath taking, we had no problem finding a place at the beach, which we enjoyed better as their was a little breeze, by the pool got very busy and hotter. Make sure you take high factor sun creams and penty of it we ended up buying more at the hotel shop.The food was great plenty of choice even at 3..amWe loved the steak house as it was on the beach, also the mexian was nice and the tropical restaurant.We went on two trips one was to saona island which was fantastic, but our favourite was the outback safari our guide was sammy he was so funny we laughed from begining to end.We will never forget this honeymoon it was relaxing, exciting, funny (dancing in the disco !!)We will be back!!! nicole + james  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome vacation - Sucks to be home!! My boyfriend and I traveled with a large group for a wedding at the Iberostar Dominicana. It was one of the best vacations I have ever been on. The pool was great for socializing with the group (however, chairs were hard to come by past 9AM) and the beach was more beautiful than I imagined. The cabanas provided great shade in the hot sun and were plentiful. The sand was white and soft and the water was crystal clear and refreshing. The cuisine was interesting but made for an adventure and we both tried things that we had never had before. The staff and entertainment was a lot of fun and we never lacked for things to do. They were not at all pushy about participation. We particularly enjoyed the catamaran ride to Sonoa Island -- it was a fantastic excursion and the hosts were so much fun. You only need to know 3 Spanish words to have a successful trip at this resort -- Presidente, Por Favor.We checked this great site frequently before our trip so I wanted to be sure to give back. Please let me know if you have any questions about this wonderful vacation. If you've booked already, you've made a great decision!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Ever Holiday We stayed from the 2nd June - 16th June, and from start to finish it was just perfect. We chose this hotel to get married at and it was stunning from start to finish. The hotel was beautifuland very well maintained, the staff had so much energy and they could'nt do enough for you. Our wedding coordinator Alida was great she made everything so special for the day, it was the most memorable day of my life.We had no problem with the food, we enjoyed the buffet as there was alot of choice, as i am a fussy eater and i found things there i could eat. We made up our own cocktail drink at the hotel bar in the punta cana called 'Purple David', named after my husbands band, so dont forget to ask for one they will know what you mean...... ( pina colada, grenadine, blue curacao and white rum).We hope to return very soon to this hotel as it was such a relaxing place i never wanted it to ever end.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Introduction to the Caribbean I stayed at this resort with my mother and sister for a week in January of 2003. It was my first Caribbean vacation and I loved it! I was 21 years old and a university student in Wisconsin. My sister was 17 years old and 3 months pregnant. My mother had been on one cruise to the Bahamas, but my sister and I had never been anywhere like this. --Airport--It was almost surreal to step off the plane into such gorgeous weather (especially after leaving the Minnesota cold). At first I thought I had passed in front of an exhaust pipe from the plane - but it was just that hot! The airport really does look like Gilligan's Island. I kept thinking of how impractical it was to have open air lobbies, forgetting that they don't have winter like we do. We got our luggage fairly quickly and were directed to the right bus to our hotel with no problem. --Bus ride--Harrowing! The roads are narrow and full of potholes, and our driver seemed to fly around curves with little abandon. It was kind of exciting, though, if you could stop cringing at how closely we brushed by pedestrians and bicyclists. --Check-in--A breeze - literally. Beautiful, beautiful lobby with a nice breeze blowing through. They had a fabulous Christmas tree set up and the d茅cor seemed perfect. The front desk employee was very friendly and helpful, and we had no language problems. The only misunderstanding was that he told us that the spa activities were included in the price, when in fact they are not. Let them take your luggage to your room for you - it could end up being quite a walk. --The Room--After reading some reviews, I had emailed ahead of time for a room with a view. We were given a second-floor, pool-side room that was only one room away from the corner (beach-side) room. We could see a little of the ocean from our balcony. We were very pleased, and became more so after we saw how big the resort was and where we could have ended up. That location ended up being pretty important. We could dash up there from the beach for a shower or anything during the day without feeling like it was a big production to get all the way back to the room. The two beds were nice, but the third 'bed' was actually a couch with sheets on it. This was disappointing, and my sister and I took turns with it during our stay. The towels were arranged beautifully by the maid staff, with fresh flowers tucked in them. We had no musty odors. The TV had an impressive number of channels, and quite a few in English. During our stay, I ended up catching a great many American shows (eg Saved By the Bell, The Practice, The Pretender, Friends, Seinfeld, ER) and some movies (Charlie's Angels, The Firm). I know you don't go to the Caribbean to watch TV, but sometimes it's nice to just veg out in the air conditioning. And I'm sure there are some kids and teenagers out there who would be relieved to hear it! The bathroom was very clean. My one issue was with the ceiling, which was leaking. We let the front desk know and they took care of it quickly. It was a full tub and shower, so baths are possible for those of you with kids. The air conditioning worked - almost too well. We ended up turning it off at night because we were too cold in the mornings. It was a welcome respite during the day, however. Electricity occasionally went out, which I discovered is very common on the island apart from the resorts, but it never lasted too long. My one recommendation for the room is to make a policy from the start of washing your feet before you go in. There is a little, low sort of sink in the bathroom which we guessed (too late) was for this purpose. After the first day, sand was absolutely everywhere, even if you washed your feet at the pool. On the floor, in the sheets, there was no escape. --Hotel Grounds--Beautiful. The palm trees were ringed with white Christmas lights and the effect was breathtaking. We thought that was normal, but they were taken down after a few days, so I'm guessing that was carried over from the holidays. It was cool to see the peacocks and hens and flamingos, although the flamingos often came up to our table at breakfast and freaked out my sister a little. --The Pool--We spent most of our time on the beach, but the pool was nice if you wanted a break from the sand and salt on your skin. The water aerobics class was fun. --The Beach--The white sand and blue water were just like I had dreamed. We never had a problem getting a palapa, and usually got there a little after 8 am. It got more crowded as the day progressed but never too bad. Even as an American myself, I was often annoyed by loud people nearby who seemed invariably to be American. Oh well, different cultures I guess. Smoking was also sometimes an issue, and we moved our chairs a few times to avoid it. All three of us tanned topless for the first time. Kind of liberating! There weren't too many other women doing so, though. I felt completely comfortable except for one man with a camera one day who seemed a little too interested. Other than that, everyone was relaxed and casual. I recommend girls with long hair getting it braided for the duration. It only took one day in the ocean for me to decide that. Plus, it was fun! I shopped around for awhile, getting estimates from the hotel spa and women on the beach. The going rate seemed to be about $50-60, but you can haggle. I ended up getting mine for $30 one night after dinner, when there weren't so many customers. I guess she figured she might as well make some money rather than not. She did an excellent job and ended up doing my sister's as well. I kept mine in for nearly a month, actually. I just kept rebraiding the top ones that were getting a little fuzzy. Be prepared to take about half the sand on the beach home with you! No matter how many times I washed my hair during that week, the sand just kept coming out. It was a little itchy the first day, but fine after that. If you can, watch someone get their hair braided before you, so you can see what it looks like and what style you want. There was a big range of quality, believe me. My hair is halfway down my back, and she finished braiding it in about an hour. My hair was pretty ravaged after I took the braids out several weeks later. They usually recommend only two weeks, so I'm not surprised, but it really took several weeks after that to get it looking healthy again. You can borrow the boogie boards for free from the yellow hut on the beach. Do it! We were kind of bummed one morning because the weather was so blah, and these made all the difference. We had such a blast riding the waves in over and over. We looked pretty silly every time we fell off or missed the wave, but it was fun. Watch that your knees aren't dragged along the bottom when you get shallower. I myself was ground full-length into the sand several times when the board slipped out from under me, but I always got back up and tried again. Don't wear a bikini doing this! We also borrowed the snorkeling equipment from the hotel a few times. Much more interesting than I had envisioned. There are a lot more fish than you thought joining you in your swim along the beach! I am not a very confident swimmer, and I had been nervous about going very deep with the waves so high, but I had no problems. Lots of interesting coral and fish. Make sure you get a good, water-tight mask that fits your face. Go back and exchange it if it isn't working for you. We had a couple bad ones, but the good ones made it all worth-while. Make sure to laugh at your friends and family while they're trying to put on their flippers while standing in the waves! --The Weather--As I stated above, the weather was a little disappointing. It was always warm, but we only had real sun for 4/7 days. It even rained several times. But, what are you gonna do? It's not under our control. --Clothing--Don't bring much of it! I brought shorts that I never wore. I used my sarongs as skirts most of the time. A couple tank tops were fine, since most of the day was spent in a swimsuit anyways. Bring more than one suit if you can. There's nothing like a nice shower after lunch followed by putting on a cold, wet, sandy suit. Our towels never really dried in the humidity, so just trade them in when they're damp. --Sunscreen--Bring lots. Lots and lots. The three of us went through almost two 2-liter bottles of SPF 45 in one week. I am a person who rarely burns and only uses sunscreen when absolutely necessary. Even on the cloudy gray days, I was reapplying several times a day, and I was still horribly sunburned. The pictures of me look like they developed the film wrong! Very ouchy and I was peeling for a long time after I got home. Bring along aloe or something to treat the sunburn with. My aloe was my best friend for the last three days of the trip! --The Mule--Yes, there was a mule! They had some animals on display in the hotel lobby one night. I stood next to the mule for a picture and glanced down to find him chewing on my purse! It came out to be one very unique photo, as I shrieked and batted at his nose while pulling on my purse :-) --Food--Here again I had a bit of a problem. I like kid food, pretty much (pizza, mac and cheese, sandwiches, pasta, tacos, etc). They did have some of these things, but they tasted strange to my sister and me. My mom got along just fine, food-wise, but Liz and I were hungry a lot. The grill close to the beach had things more to our liking (french fries, nachos, occasionally burgers) than the buffet near the lobby. There is also a hot-dog cart by the pool - very good! We spent several meals eating rolls of deli meat, bread with butter, and little desserts. Pancakes were good at breakfast. The milk is not refrigerated, so consider yourself warned. The fruit shakes at the buffet were EXCELLENT, I highly recommend them. Make sure to appreciate the fruit sculptures! Basically, if you're adventurous, you'll be fine. If not, expect to eat the same meal over and over again. My sister and I wished we had brought along crackers or something in our suitcases. It was tough to get our restaurant reservations, but we ate at the Mexican place, the new American food place, and the beach restaurant. The American place was nice, and my burger was good, but my sister felt pretty sick after her burger. The Mexican place did have nice appetizers, but I wasn't overwhelmed. The restaurant on the sand was nice for the novelty, but the food wasn't fantastic. Don't wear heels! We kept laughing at all the girls in spiked shoes falling over in the sand. The ice cream by the beach was the best, food-wise. The people serving it never understood English, though, so I highly recommend looking up flavors of ice cream in Spanish before you go. The flavors are difficult to guess (and I speak French and Italian), so I ended up with a few surprises (including both banana and bubble-gum, blech!). Note their closing hours - there's nothing worse than working yourself up for a nice vanilla cone and finding the window closed. --Excursion--We went on one day-long Marinarium excursion, Swimming with Sharks and Stingrays. We were very happy with it overall. Our guide, 'Sharky', was funny and personable. We had a nice ride in a glass-bottom boat out to the swimming enclosure, listening to an audio-recording about ocean life. Let the guides help you put on your life jacket! If you wear it normally, you won't be able to see as well. This was a first experience with snorkeling for my sister and me, so we were a little nervous. However, there was plenty of time to float right near the boat and practice putting your face in the water, so we were fairly comfortable by the time we went out to the enclosure. There were two young children aboard, both girls about 5-6 years old. One had been prepared by her parents and had obviously had practice wearing a mask. She did just fine on the trip. The other was very frightened by the mask and her mother ended up staying on the boat with her. It was a good lesson in when to bring your kids and when not to. I was surprised at how much more quickly I could swim while wearing flippers. Take the time to get the right size - it made a big difference for me. We swam over a little net in the water and suddenly we were swimming with the sharks and stingrays! Slightly unnerving at first, but we adjusted very quickly. It was unbelievable. I snapped pictures like crazy on my underwater camera. I wish I had saved some for later in the day, but I used the whole roll on those sharks. The pictures came out well for the most part. We had about half an hour in the enclosure. The rest of the day was a nice boat ride around the coast. My one complaint with the whole excursion was the focus on alcohol. My sister is a recovering alchoholic and my mother and I didn't want to drink. They were mixing drinks on board as part of the entertainment and I found some of the comments to be offensive. It was never intentionally cruel, just thoughtless (such as jokes about AA). It left a bad taste in my mouth. We stopped at one point and got out of the boat to float and swim on a sandbar (about 4-5 feet deep). Very relaxing! All in all, I really enjoyed myself. It was a wonderful choice for my first snorkeling experience. --Souvenirs--I am not a haggler. I gave it a good shot, but it's just not me. We explored the vendors down the beach (it's a good distance away, and they never bothered us on the beach). It was fun, but they were very aggressive. I preferred the hotel gift shop, where the prices were what they were. There are also some nice shops on the little 'street' next to the hotel. Very friendly salesmen! I found the hotel gift shops (we also went down to the Bavaro one) to be reasonably priced. The packaged food was fairly stale, though. I never knew that Nestles Crunch had an expiration date! They are closed during lunch, however, so plan around that. I ended up spending ~$100 on souvenirs for the week. Leave space in your suitcase or bring an extra to get everything home! --Entertainment--We never went to any of the shows. They seemed so energetic, and we were so tired by the end of the day! Same problem with the activities, although other people seemed to be enjoying them. --Going Home--The security at the DR airport was rather lax. They opened our bags, glanced in them, and waved us along. My sister has diabetes and had packed several needles and vials of medication, but they never bothered to open the box and find them in the bag. Oh, well.It was a pleasant wait at the airport on the way home, with the breeze flowing through the building. Our flight was delayed, and we ended up standing in line for awhile before getting on the plane, but so it goes. The worst part was that there was a fuel shortage on the island, so we had to make a an extra stop half-way to refuel. They wouldn't let us off the plane during the fueling and we were starving! We wished we had packed some food for the plane, as with all of the delays that popped up after we boarded, we ended up not arriving home until after 10pm. Our first stop after the airport was Burger King! --In the End--We had a fantastic time. I can't wait to go again someday! I don't have anything to compare it to, but the Iberostar fulfilled everything I was looking for in a resort. If you have further questions, you can email me at Nikitangel(at)hotmail(dot)com.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC! Well...Words cannot describe how fantastic this place was. It was right on the beach, fantastic weather, fantastic rooms and service, amazing food and brilliant shows at night from the extremely hard-working staff and dancers. If the likes of Jonathan, Hose, Rocky, etc. etc. read this, then WELL DONE. You all did a great job (you're all good-looking too!!!! I would definately recommend the DOMINICANA Hotel and will be going back again soon hopefully, just need to save up a bit!! Thanx again, it was wonderful, by far the best holiday i've EVER had.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>most relaxing vacation We stayed from june11-june 18th. everything was awesome. the people are really nice and fast and courteous. If you have been to jamaica this is similiar, except jamaica has better music,however the Dominican people are 4 times faster than the Jamaicans.The resort was run extremely efficiently.ATV tour was awesome.stay away from the snorkeling tours,they have just as good of snorkeling right offshore from the dive shop.food was adequate and always available.rooms are great. lots of topless woman from all over the world.you can walk for miles in either direction. not much GOOD shopping but plenty of shopping.A great place to learn to scuba in 3 days for $295 or $265 cash. certified. glass bottom boat tour was blah . no complaints my wife already planning to go back, best bargain for the $.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding and faultless holiday paradise We travelled as a group of 6 which included 2 children in two rooms and our expectations were high having read the many TripAdvisor reviews singing the praises of the Iberostar Complex.The 2 week holiday exceeded our expectations immeasurably. The hotel complex's are spotless thanks to the army of cleaners/gardeners and they work night and day to keep it that way. Its only guests with no etiquette that spoiled the beauty of the place.The poolside area as well as being large and freeflowing had ample sun beds and you are serviced with free towels through the day as you need them with the smiling and always happy Noel (the Towel Man). The adjacent beach is full of sun canopies, beds and the sand was cleaned most days (Yes - they even clean the beach !). The many available restaurants provide a great choice for all palates and unless your American (because they seemed to not share our expectations when it comes to variety) your will be delighted with the offerings. We found the gourmet restaurant the most disappointing but only because its a fixed menu and with 2 young children they didn't like the prospect of eating Mr Lobster who had been boiled alive !.We were upgraded to the junior suites as we had emailed in advance setting out to the Hotel the holiday was a special one for us (a good tip to take on board). The suites were functional and spacious and any problems will be dealt with before you have time to put the phone down to report them - and that's no exageration.The water sports provided were great and the equipment in excellant condition. Expect to pay $35 for a 30 minute lesson before being allowed out on the catamarans though. However, if you haven't done it before, as I hadn't, its worth every penny given it allows you thereafter the freedom to sail were you like. The 1hour/day isn't strictly applied and if they have free slots available you can take them, which was really pleasing for us.The diving lesson is as we expected no more than a taster to entice you onto the $300 - $400 packages. Worth it if your happy to spend 3hrs / day for 4 days in a class room - but not what we wanted from our holiday.The Star Team entertainers work relentlessly and if you want to get involved in the raft of day time activities they welcome you enthusiastically, if you don't they will leave you well alone - a real take it or leave it choice. The night time entertainment was as we expected. Always provided with overflowing enthusiasm we felt at times it was a little repetitive - but hay when your working 14 hour days, 6 days a week we loved it all the same.Anyway with the Casino and night clubs and disco bar open till early hours of the morning you have plent of other choices.We managed to win a fortune at the casino playing Caribbean Poker (suggest you check the rules they play to if you haven't played before as we witnessed some very interesting arguments on what exactly the rules of Poker should be v's how they apply them). Anyway winning $500 + payed for our holiday expences thank you very much and enjoyable Company to boot - great fun.We went on the Marinarium Park and Aquarium trip at $65 for the afternoon we loved it. Its not often you get to swim with 8ft sharks and sting rays. Would recommend to any family as clean, safe, entertaining and highly enjoyable 6 hour trip - our 5 and 8 year old loved it and will probably never forget the experience.Overall this is a stunning destination and setting with exemplary standards of holiday qualityin all facets of services offered. If you come back feeling disappointed email me and let me know what hotel you have been too that beats this one - I will book it the next day as I think you will struggle to beat the quality at the price anywhere in the World.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>9 out of 10 people can't be wrong! This resort is just what Punta Cana is, an all inclusive, stick-to your resort destination! I am however, sick of people complaining that not enough people there speak english! Hello, it is not America. I cannot speak my true feelings about those individuals who have previously posted their reviews because the kind people at trip advisor will not post this review! Iberostar is a fine chain and this resort offers a better variety of dining options than most other 5 stars there! And if you come to Punta Cana to eat hamburgers, serves you right to get horse meat! Be a little adventurous, steer away from American Foods! or stay in America!Anyhow the food here was more than adequate and drinks were up to par. If your drinks are watered down....JUST ASK FOR MORE LIQUOR! If you are nice to the bartenders they will accomodate you, without a tip!! Kindness goes a long way!!! I also loved the pool and beach was absolutely gorgeous!! This was a relaxing vacation , away from the hustle and bustle of our City life! The property was beautiful and staff was very friendly and responsive! The only complaint I have is that the entertainment was not what I would call Vegas style shows,but hey it's an all inclusive and I did'nt pay $90 a seat! After a few drinks, just hit the disco and have fun with your friends or new friends!I loved the Iberostar and would return in a heartbeat!!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it, great fun, great entertainers! This hotel is lovely. The pool is lovely and the beach is great. The food is good and the staff work very hard for not much money. Everyone goes out of their way to help you and although it is very relaxing here you can do as little or as much as you like, will go back as soon as I can, like tomorrow if I could!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great We used this web site before we went and found it most useful, so we would like to help others. Hotel, variety of food, friendly staff all made this a memorable holiday for us. A few tips if thinking of having a junior suite, don鈥檛. We paid for one and on arrival got allocated a standard room. It was lovely and big, I thought it was a suite! We could have stayed the whole two weeks and not of realized. Staff were very cooperative on moving us right away, but could not see much difference between the two. Hotel is four floors high but if you don鈥檛 like waiting for lifts or climbing stairs then a suite maybe for you as they are in blocks only two floors high.If your reps don鈥檛 offer the variety of trips you want, then there are local companies in your hotel reception. Be aware of booking anything on the beach. If doing the Jeep safari - no flip flop or sandals as you get filthy 鈥?wear old shoes. Please be aware some sights are distressing in local areas 鈥?children begging etc. If you would like to help take books, pens, pencils clothes, shoes toiletries to give them. If you don鈥檛 wish to do the trips take items to your rep who can give these to the guides to pass on. Many people on our trip were unaware of this and wished they had brought items along. Take as much as you can afford to carry. A torch maybe useful as you may experience the odd power cut, usually only for a few minutes.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Going Back I went to this resort last year and absolutely LOVED it. I loved it so much I'm going back this year. The resort was gorgeous, the activities were amazing, the pools beautiful, and the beach was crystal clear. I would say the best part of the trip was the people though. The people that work at this resort work so hard and are always so friendly. They are a big part of the reason why I am going back to this resort instead of other resorts I've been to in the past. The Star Friends work from 9 am-3 am and are ALWAYS friendly with smiles on their faces. Get to know them- they'll remember your name and say hi to you when you see them around the resorts. I hope when I go back this year all of the Star Friends from last year are still there.... I hope so! I got to know a lot of them well through the various activities. I got to know johnathan best prbably. If anyone has been there lately and met these amazing people please let me know they're still working there! Everyone should go to this resort and experience the amazing energy of the Domincan people!  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana Resort is Great! This 8-day stay was superb as a relaxing yet adventurous vacation. It was picture perfect in that it looked just like the photos in the brochures I'd seen - white sandy beaches with the thatched-roof cabanas, plenty of lounge chairs beach-side and pool-side and comfortable enough for frequent napping. It doesn't get much better than that! A siesta by the water with a nice tropical breeze...wow! The room was clean, the air-conditioning worked well - so much so that we usually turned it off at night as to not awaken to frigid temps in the morning. Plenty of bottled water was provided for in room consumption. The shower/bath was nice and big with a nice added touch of a hand held wand to help rinse sand off. We had perfect weather up until the second to last day when it rained all day but that didn't stop us or many others from strolling out around the resort or beach and it was a perfect day for catching up on some sleep from the earlier excursions we had taken. The Outback Safari is very enlightening for those who need to experience the countryside culture and the trip into Santo Domingo is also a good excursion to experience the city culture. This was a once in a life-time experience for me and I would recommend it to those who are looking for a great vacation in the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>May 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Therapy in heaven Just spent 7 days at Iberostar Dominicana. This was one of the best vacations I've had in the Carribean. Everything was perfect: the beach and pool were clean, the room service was impeccable, there was such a wide variety and amounts of food that everyone could find something they like. There were many activities going on during the day a t the beach and poolside: water aerobic, sports at the beach, dance lessons, BBQ/paella lunches. The atmosphere was very festive. The people who work with the toursts were very attentive and speak 4 languages: their native Spanish, English, German, and French. There were many European and Canadian tourists and feeling of internationalism prevailed. In the evening there was entertainment: shows, disco, and bar. We never had to ask for anything twice. This was also an inexpensive vacation costing around $1000 per adult and included air, hotel, food, all drinks - alcoholic and not, and still more. Don't believe the negative reviews because these grumpy people would never be happy anywhere and should spend at least $5000 for equivalent vacation elsewhere. My kids (ages 4 and 13) also loved it and were sad to leave. I recommend this dominican therapy to everyone.   
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TRUE PARADISE Just returned from our vacation (APR.15-20TH.) It Truely was PARADISE as far as my wife and i were concerned, the staff and the ground crew were as friendly as could be . LOVED ARIEL MR. IBEROSTAR 2000(HOW YOUUU DOING). Very friendly. If you do not like to get up early for a great breakfast. Which included champagne mamosa's, or you do not like live pink flamingos and peacocks walking the grounds. Then this place is not for you. But if you do like these things as well as a beautiful pool which they serve drinks poolside and buffet restaurants which i thought were great. So great we cancelled our reservations at the A La carte restaurants. Then this is the place for you. Can't say enough about the friendly staff, the beautiful pool, and the clean beach and the great food (AND I AM A BIG EATER, ENJOY ALL KINDS OF FOOD). And we are not 100% shure, But we think the actorSTEVEN SEGAL -ABOVE THE LAW OUT FOR JUSTICE FIRE DOWN BELOW Was staying at thePUNTA CANA NEXT STORE. If it was not him, he has a look alike who is just as big a man. WE WILL BE RETURNING To the DOMINICANA Again next year Even though we said we would never to the asme place twice. If you go, YOU will Understand............  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sparky021006
<Content>Had a great time! We returned from Punta Cana on April 25th. we had a great time at the Dominicana. The hotel was so nice and extremely clean. We tipped our maid and always had a stocked bar and towels and the beds were turned down every night. She folded the towels into animals and added fresh flowers too. Our kids really liked that. The pool was gorgeous. Big and clean. The chair policy was unfair as you had to get up at dawn to reserve chairs and they say you're not supposed to but it's the only way to get them. The problem is people save them and dissapear all day at the beach or on excursions and no one can use those chairs in the meantime. If you do and they return, they get mad. We just played along with everyone else and the first person awake got the chairs. The food was ok. We liked the buffets better than the restaurunts. Steak dinner was good, but hated La Sibila. Also the service was better at the buffets. The food court near the pool should have opened earlier than 10:00 as we would have liked to have coffee in the morning before 10 and not have to walk all the way to the lobby area to get it. The employees were wonderful so helpful and friendly. We hired a native to take us snorkeing and that was the best trip. He took us out on his boat (just our family) for about 3 hours and we went to a reef to snorkle. He had equipment. Then we went to a sand bar to swim and he took us all the way up the coast for a tour of the resorts. It was 25.00 a person and well worth it. It was the snorkeling taxi he's located on the beach before you get to the flae market tents.We really had fun,the weather and the beach were unbelievable and we would go back again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will NEVER go back :( Well, let's start with the good...the beach and the cleanliness. We have been to numerous resorts in the Carribean and Mexico, all of which were 5 or 6 star resorts. The Iberstar Dominica is rated as a 5 star, but would qualify as about a 2.5 in our books. The beach was gorgeous. There were a lot of lounge chairs beachside and it was a great beach for those who like to take long leisurely strolls along the ocean. The sand was beautifully white. There seemed to be a lot of seaweed, but the beach staff did their best to keep it to a mininum by using tractors to keep clearing it. We were never hassled by beachside vendors. There is also a place to go shopping where you can find great bargains...just be willing to haggle a bit and you will get great deals. Also of note, out of all the areas we have been to, this (not just the Iberostar but all of the resorts as you stroll along the beach) had the greatest number of topless women. It didn't bother us a bit, but just a forewarning in case you have kids that you don't want to subject them to all those breasts. The other good thing was the cleanliness. We did not have any issues with bugs or litter. Our maid did a great job. Considering all the drinks there were awful, the best thing going was the bottled sodas in the fridge. A note with a small tip to the maid kept our fridge very well stocked. The actual grounds were very pretty. One last positive note..we had no problems going thru customs at the airport and they got us thru fairly quickly.OK...for the bad...which would be everything else. The food was horrendous. The buffets, the restaurants....everywhere was just plain bad. And unless you like horse meat, make sure you ask what it is your eating...because the chef stated that one sausage/burger looking thing was actually horse meat (although the little food sign doesn't state such). The buffets have the same food daily...careful of the meats and cheeses. They were left out all day and there was no way we would eat it...Our diet consisted of nachos, french fries and ice cream...the only things tolerable. The drinks were not any better. Mixed drinks were terrible. There seems to be a premium for ice cubes...you are lucky to get two cubes in a drink. Even the fountain sodas were terrible..very syrupy. Poolside chairs were a luxury there. You must claim a chair by 7am or you will never get one. One tip: you can not get towels until 8am...so either bring your own towels or something to claim your seats or save your towel from the previous day and head out early to claim your seat. One of the most annoying things was that we have never previously incurred a true language barrier (at least not with the staff that deals directly with the tourists..ie: reception, guest services, gift shop)until our experience here. We were unable to hold a conversation with 95% of all workers. Even at the gift shop, the lady had to show us on a calculator what our purchase rang up to because she couldn't communicate in English. One thing was very misleading to us, both from our agent and in the Apple brochures was that it was one of those stay at one play at all three. Well, if you stay at the Dominicana or Punta Cana, you are not able to eat or drink at the Bavaro side unless you pay for it. We were mislead on that, which cut our food options down (although I don't know that their food was any better). We did the beach front massages. They were comprable with other resorts...it felt good however their English was also pretty poor. If you have the internet, I would suggest you use that to communicate with your friends/family back home. Phone charges average $20 (US) per minute plus service charges. The hotel has four computers that have internet access. It costs $3 US for 30 minutes, which seemed to be a fair and reasonable price. We were able to check and send email to let everyone know we made it, etc. There was not a whole lot of excursions to choose from We thought about going to Manatai Park to swim with th dolphins, but read a lot of bad reviews. Our rep pretty much confirmed what we had read, so we opted not to do that there. We did hear great things about the Outback Jeep Safari and the Kon Tiki Boat/Snorkel experience. Also, the people that stayed below us stated that when we took a shower, their room flooded.....and I mean flooded. Also, when we looked up to the ceiling while in the shower, we could see straight up to the room above us. We met other people who had air conditioning issues. The fridges never seemed to get real cold. One last complaint, which again, was an issue we had not experienced at any other resort. The water that you drink was purified, however the tap water and shower water is not. We had to brush our teeth using bottled water. Careful washing your face...the shower/tap water is very salty and burns if it gets in your eyes or on any cuts/scratches/burns. One last tip: I read on a previous review how friendly the dogs were by the shopping huts on the beachside (the place I previously mentioned to get good buys if willing to haggle). I am not sure how friendly or not those dogs were...but just be sensible..those dogs are not madated whatsoever to have vaccinations, so be careful.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a wonderful vacation My husband and I were recently vacationing at the Dominicana (Apr3-11) and had a wonderful , relaxing time. We chose not to do any excursions, just simply enjoyed the beach and catching up with our reading. We enjoyed long walks and runs on the beach and I swam in the beautiful water. I did take some step classes and used the gym which were all enjoyable. I even indulged in an on-the-beach massage which was ok...not too fierce, but very pleasant. The food was incredible....we cancelled our reservations for the specialty restaurants since we enjoyed the buffet so much. I particulary enjoyed the local fruits. I loved being surrounded by so many different ethnicities....Americans seemed to be in short supply but we met plenty of other folks from different countries...a wonderful experience. We don't enjoy the bartering system when shopping so we avoided the on-the-beach shops....the shops on Caribbean Street were just fine for what we wanted. We would like to go back, perhaps during Christmas with our four children who are older. I know they would enjoy the experience.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK but I would not go back If you just want to relax, eat, drink and sit in the sun then this is a great place... but I don鈥檛 think I would go to an all-inclusive again especially in a remote location like Punta Cana. The adventure of finding restaurants and places to explore was just not there for me. I did struggle daily to get a few reservations in the nicer restaurants at the resort. I got tired of buffet style dinning but the others in my family would have been happy to eat at the buffet more often. As far as the Iberostar Dominicana I think it should not have been rated 5 Golden Apple. I鈥檝e been on other Apple vacations and would not rate this portion of the Iberostar resort more than a 4 Apple. The Iberostar Punta Cana portion of the resort shared the same restaurants and pool. It has great facilities but it was a bit run down and some areas were not maintained as well as it should have been. The grounds and public areas were well maintained. Some problems with things like clean maintained public restrooms with no toilet paper by the pool and no glasses by the beverage machines became annoying. The waters sports and special restaurants always were in high demand and difficult to obtain. Waiting in line to get a reservation to take the catamaran got lots of people mad. The water sports were limited to 1 hour per room not per person. The 'Star People' entertainment was great for one or two nights but it got to be 鈥?the same show with different costumes鈥? They should have brought in some fresh entertainment. Using people from the audience as entertainers was the only alternative. I've traveled to Mexico a half dozen times and never experienced problems eating and drinking. I always watched what I ate and drank bottled water. This was my first bad experience. While I was not sick enough to spoil my trip it was scary. My personal choice for my family would be a cruise not an all-inclusive.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ibersostar was Wonderful My family and I were a little hesitate about visiting this location based on some of the reviews. I personnaly travel a great deal on business, and was somewhat nervous about claims of bad food etc. However, we all enjoyed the Iberostar very much. Upon check-in, we were upgraded to a junior suite with beach front view (no extra charge) by the manager Domingo (thanks again).I agree with other reviewers that the beach, pool area and gardens were immaculant. The beach was cleaned of sea grass every morning, and you were left with perfect soft sand. The pool itself was large and well kept. Although we spent most of our time at the beach, it was nice to go back and forth . FOOD- I'm not sure where the other negative reviwers got their impressions, but we found it all to be very good. The buffet was well staffed all day long (Juana was the cutest waitress, always a smile) and the choices were well prepared. A lot of the food was geared towards Europeans, because there is so many of them there. We had a good time tasting different types of food preparation. We ate at two of the speciality resturants, the steak house and the gourment resturant. They were nice changes from the buffet, but the food was along the same quality. The snack bar areas were nice by the pool as well. ENTERTAINMENT- The Star Friends had a full schedule of activities during the day, so you could do as much (or little) as you wanted. The evening stage shows were mixed. A few evenings had a live band that was pretty good, although after 4-5 numbers, latin music grows a little thin on me. It is what it is however! We measure a vacation by the urgency of wanting to get home. We didn't want to leave the DR so quickly. We would definitly return to Punta Cana and the Ibersostar!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>reviews were right Have to agree with most of the reviws, food was terrible. They claim 6 restaurants could only reserve 3 for the week, and they were not much different from the buffet, same old recycle beef, fish and chicken. The resort was beautiful and clean. was suppose to have a Jr. suite at the Dominicana ended up at the Bravaro, put could'nt use the bavaro only the dominicana and Punta. No king bed two doubles instead. When I asked for a king was informed by Sexy Jaun that the Jr Suites all had two doubles, however after talking with others staying in a Jr Suite found this to be untrue they had a king. The Rock was worth the visit food was better then the buffet but very loud, still worth a visit. Entertainment was poor, the only thing that save some of the shows was when they got the guest involved in the shows.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very nice place! We were there for the last few days of February and the first 10 days of March and enjoyed every minute we were there. The last few days seem to have been a spring break somewhere, because more young people showed up. They were not disruptive in the slightest though.The staff is friendly, helpful, and do their very best to speak English for you. It would be good if you could learn a bit of Spanish so you can speak a little of their native language.The food is very good and always available and there are different kinds to suit all diets. The specialty restaurants were on the whole good, but we experienced some windy moments in the restaurant on the beach - the Marimba.Bring at least two bathing suits (drying time) and some coverups - you need to wear them in the restaurants.Most important of all is an insulated mug - ice melts fast in that heat. Oh yes, and lots of sunscreen. We did the fake and bake thing before we left home, but still had some slightly red moments. Some people there were brilliant red - ouch.We had a lot of fun and did a lot of beach walking and snorkeling. The nightly entertainment is great, but after about 10 days it gets a little repetitious. Very lively and happy, but if you don't want to be hauled up to join in, don't sit near the front.The rooms are kept very clean and the staff are cheerful and appreciate the $1 or so tips, but don't expect them.Beaches are soft, white, clean sand and the beach vendors are kept off the property, but are within walking distance. You can deal in pesos or US dollars - your choice - but beware - those vendors are quick and can calculate pesos a whole lot quicker than we could!We would go back there in a flash - tomorrow if we could and certainly would recommend it to our friends and family.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Found Heaven in the Dominican Republic Spent a week @ Iberostar Dominicana in Punta Cana in early March. This was our first week @ an all inclusive and also our first time in the Dominican. Can't wait to go back. Tht employees of the resort were all very friendly and out going. If you wanted to stay busy you could, or if you wanted to relax, you could. The food was excellent,both in quantity and quality. We ate at the on grounds Steak House twice and enjoyed both times. The after dinner shows, put on by the entertainment team every night were always fun to go to and an enjoyable way to pass the evening.All in all would strongly recommend Iberostar Dominicana  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Iberostar! We just returned from a one week vacation at the Iberostar (3/13/04-3/20/04) and we loved it. Our hotel room was immaculate. We didn't like our 1st room because it overlooked one of the restaurant kitchens so we requested a room change and got one of the best rooms in the hotel. Room #4250 overlooked the pool and ocean from the 3rd floor. Management kept saying how lucky we were to get that room. THe grounds are beautiful so is the beach. The food was all good. The steakhouse was our favorite as far as the a la cartes go. We had no problems finding anything to eat and that was also true as far as our 9  10 year old children were concerned. I did have to get up early in the am to get chairs by the pool. I just went out in my pj's every morning while everyone in my room was still sleeping. We have travelled a lot throughout the carribean and mexico and the people of the Dominican Republic are by far the nicest we have run into. We were warned that tips would be expected by everyone in the hotel but we did not find that to be true. We brought lots of ones and fives just in case. Speaking of money, there are no atms available so make sure you bring all the money you will need. There is a bank on the grounds and I think you can get pesos but then you can't change them back to US dollars. I have absolutely no complaints about this hotel. We travelled out of Boston on GWV and they are by far the worst tour operator. We had a bad experience with them last year and only went with them again because they gave us a substatial credit for this trip. We will never use them again. Have a great trip and don't worry about anything. It is a great place to go!!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth Every Penny - Naysayers beware OUR TRIP - Two weeks, March 2 - 16, 2004. AIRLINE - AirTransat, we flew Club Class and it was worth the money!!! (FYI: it was an additional $150/person each way from Edmonton) I can only imagine how much longer the flight must feel in Cattle class. Spend the money! THE HOTEL - It was great!!! I love that it is in conjunction with the Iberostar Punta Cana. Make sure you go over to the Punta Cana Lobby/Lounge. It is really beautiful. That's where we spent alot of nights drinking wine. They have a band there every night too. Check out some of the shows at the Dominicana. They have a different theme everynight. They are also big on audience participation, so if your not into that make sure you sit in the back! There is a Rooster named George that sits in the 2nd last row every night. He is absolutely adorable. He loves to be petted! Depending on where your room is, he will probably be getting you up in the morning too. By the way - if you have previously requested anything specific about your room ie: view, bed size etc. you probably won't have it when you check in the first night. This seems to be the norm, judging by all the reviews that I have read on various web sites. Don't sweat it. Simply let the front desk know. They couldn't change us the first night we were there, but by noon the next day we were exactly where we wanted to be! (We have had to change our rooms in Vegas practically every time we go there too! Nothing that can't be fixed!) FOOD - It was GREAT. The buffets had huge varieties to choose from every night. Different themes too ie: italian, seafood, mexican etc. Their pizza is awesome!!! My husband who is a very picky eater ate pizza everyday and never got sick of it. He is also close friends with the guy who works at the Ice Cream bar by the beach. I'm pretty sure he consumed most of the chocolate ice cream on the island! As for me, I ate everything! Seafood, Chicken, Beef, Pork, Fruit, Veggies. You name it, and not one gastronomical problem! PLEASE REMEMBER THAT EVERY DISH IS NOT COOKED EXACTLY THE WAY IT IS IN NORTH AMERICA!!! So when you go to the Mexican Ala Carte restaurant, don't expect it to be just like Chi Chi's. DO TRY the Ala Carte restaurants. It does break up the buffets. The American Restaurant does not require reservations, but be there right around 7pm when it opens, because there are not alot of tables and you could end up waiting awhile. Again there food it not just like home, but try it all anyway. We ate there alot. POOL - Yes, you have to get up early and claim a chair/palapa. It is an unwritten rule and if you want to lay by the pool, it's what you've got to do. Don't fight it, just do it. If you are a joiner, then pick a chair on the Domincana side of the pool. (That's where all the activities occur) Otherwise, if you just like to read and soak up the sun (like us) hang out on the Punta Cana side. Very nice pool by the way. BEACH - We had the niciest beach by far. My husband walked an hour in either direction of our beach, so we know this to be a fact! If you can't get up early to put out your towels, you can always find chairs out on the beach. THE LOCALS - I can't say enough great things about them! They are so friendly, always have a smile on their face, helpful, kind, just wonderful people period. The Iberostar Star Friends are a real hoot! SUMMARY - Take everything in stride! Be prepared for alot of topless(ness) and speedos. YOU ARE NOT AT HOME, so please keep an open mind in regards to everything. It's called WHEN IN ROME people. Only you can ruin your vacation by being narrow minded. The few negative reviews I had read befor I went, just made me more determined to have a good time.Please feel free to ask me any questions. I would be happy to help!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation!!! We just got back from Iberostar Dominicana yesterday and had a wonderful time. We got upgraded to a suite wich was really nice. Food was very good. We read many reviews of people that said the food was bad, which is crazy because people were eating 24 hours a day and no one was complaining. Drinks were good, but not always frozen like they should be. The people were very nice, and pool side activities were fun. The beach was one of the nicest beaches We've ever seen. The sand was so soft, not one rock or shell anywhere. The pool was also nice, but like other people have mentioned, you have to go early to get chairs. We went on three excersions: Monster truck, Sanoa Island, and La Romana. All were very good, Sanoa island was the best...Absolutly beautiful. Just so you know, all of these excersions were 1 and a half hours or more by bus. We loved Punta Cana and would go back to Iberostar in a second. By the way, no one in or whole group got sick!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation A group of 10 stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana Feb 13 to Feb 20, 2004. This is one of the most beautiful resorts we have encountered. The grounds and the accomadations were great. The staff was very friendly, couterous and most helpful. Had 1 out of our group of 10 got sick from something. Since we didn't drink the water, most have been food. Got sick 2nd day there, still trying to recover. Food was good, but not spectacular, but what do you want from an all inclusive. One complaint was lack of a variety of liqour at the pool and beach bars. Unless you drank rum or beer, forget it. All and all a good value for the money. Planning a return trip next year.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mooski
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana/Punta Cana We returned from a weeks stay at the Iberostar Dominicana/Punta Cana. We were there from Feb. 24th - March 2nd. It was a very awesome trip. The resort is great and I didn't have any trouble with the food. I might add for all of the complainers that I thought the food was good. A few things are bland but if you can't find something to eat you really need to stay at home. Also, the Star Friends are wonderful. To those of you who said they were hitting on you or your daughters then you must of stayed at a different resort. I danced with several of them and they were perfect gentlemen. I did see some younger women hitting on the Star friends. Maybe you get what you receive. I did get a few bites from either sand mites I believe. I got the same bites when we stayed in Grand Cayman. I believe I get a reaction from them. No one else in our party of 6 had any bites. The resort and people are wonderful and they go out of their way to make you enjoy your stay. Also the reviews that stated hardly anyone speaks english, BULL. If you want to stay at some real classy resort go to New York. If you want to see other parts of the world and how other people live go to the Dominican or Jamaica. We have it so good in the USA that I believe several of those who wrote reviews are really spoiled and can't live without the very best. Stay home. I was disappointed in our Fun Jet Rep. who was suppose to be their 24 - 7 to help you with anything. Ours was NOT. The one time we did speak to him about excursions he certainly fed us a line of Bull. Do not go on the Catamaran. They tell you the snorkeling is the best on that excursion. IT IS NOT. It is the best right on the beach where you stay. So don't pay $80. I had heard this but my husband booked it without consulting me. It is a waste of your time and money. Monster trucks was great. Do it you won't regret it. Would go back in a heart beat. Loved it. Marsha Moe  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, Not Great I've just returned from the D.R. on the Feb. 28th, and I stayed at Iberostar Dominicana. I have to say, even after reading all the listed reviews, I still went with high expectations. Now that I've visited the hotel, I reccommend not making my mistake. The hotel is ok, the rooms are of pretty poor quality, but the grounds are beautiful. Every morning, you see landscape maintenance people out, tending to the grounds. The food was edible, if you're careful. The first day we got there, we ate at the buffet, and we got seared burgers, completely raw on the inside...so be careful! It's better they overcook your food, than you getting it half done. What dissapointed me, on our 7 day stay, is that they limited the amount of reservations to the five restaurants to three. At an all-inclusive resort, it should be unlimited, as long as there's availability. Another let-down was that there was always someone constantly trying to sell you something. Beware of the guy standing next to the towel stand by the pool, selling a 4-wheeler excursion, he'll haunt you there, as well as on the beach. He approached us at least twice a day. A couple of good things: there is a guy in the Star Rock Cafe, rolling cigars. He was so interesting to watch, his family owns the Aurora cigar company, and if you chat it up, he'll roll you one to try...that was interesting. And most importantly, enjoy the weather and the ocean. That's the most important thing, and thank goodness that was a success. The weather was ideal everyday, and the ocean was of perfect temperature...so enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pulphead
<Content>It was Great!! My wife and I stayed at the Dominicana from 2/6-2/13. It was great! We traveled on a charter through Apple Vacations...therefore there were NO worries with the flights or transfers...everything was handled. After our short 1/2 hr bus trip to the resort we were greeted at the reception desk by the smiling reception manager that spoke great english. (though I rather enjoy trying to communicate using my very limited spanish vocabulary). Within 10 minutes we were wisked away on a golf cart by the bellboy to deliver us and our luggage to our room. The room was on the 4th floor and faced into the garden--but we could see the ocean from where we were at. The room itself was very accomodating, clean and pleasent--mini bar, large bed, and marble bathroom. The food was good at the buffet --there was quite abit of variety due to the fact they are catering to many different cultures (Europeon, Canadian, US, Central American etc.) The service was terrific! There was always someone there to get you something to drink or clear your plate. The Al a Cartes were acceptable with some better than others (My comparison is that of several Sandals resorts that we have stayed in Jamaica). But overall the food was better than average. The Beach was awesome...we spent 90% of time there. We would walk down around 7-8 and throw our towels on some chairs and then head back around 9-10am to lay out all day. The sand is nice and fine and not too hot. The beach itself is cleaned every morning and there is always someone picking up cups and/or garbage all day. I really enjoyed the fact that as Americans we were the minority. It is refreshing to go somewhere and be surrounded by so many different cultures-- though there were some Americans there that gave the rest of a bad name (loud, demanding, asking why everything is the same as in the US), kinda annoying....but easily ignored. There were many other pluses to the resort that I do not have time to mention here...but if you are interested I will give my opinion by e-mail. My wife and I are thinking about going back in November, but this time bringing our 10 yr old daughter along so she experience the great atmosphere, different cultures, and friendly people (resort goers and staff alike) The only reason I can think of not to recommend this resort to others was so we could keep all to ourselves!! Happy vacationing Mark  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Dominicana Just returned from a 7-day Iberostar Dominica vacation. Beautiful, huge beaches. You can walk the beach in either direction for miles and miles. The staff at the Dominicana was wonderful. There is a language problem but nothing we couldn't deal with. Maybe we should have learned a few Spanish words like milk, black coffee, cream, no, and especially 'ice.' Speaking of ice, it was our one complaint. Not enough ice, empty ice bins, etc. The food was abundant and there was a large variety. I especially enjoyed eating some of the things Europeans seem to like: cheeses, cold cuts, pickled vegetables. Since 75% of the guests seemed to be German, French, or Spanish, there is a distinctive European flavor. Take the 'Monster Truck Safari' and really get back into the hills to see the real Dominican Republic. We also took a tour to Santo Domingo. It was very long (2.5 hour bus trip both ways), but our guide was great and we learned a lot about the D.R. The only fly in our vacation ointment was the charter airline: Ryan or Fun Jet. They were two hours late going and three hours late leaving: not a good record. All in all: we would go back. It is a good value.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give it a break I have stayed there 3 x  i find the place very nice.Yes u can get sick there also in mexico.1 of the things people over look not just their water but their milk 2. drink your coffee black  drinks (white russian) they do not pasturize! their ice is purifed. do not over eat.Because if something is bad u will just add 2 the problem. I have 2 say ad least they try to get people moving. They are very motived  friendly. Some places could care less.Sometimes i wonder what people expect.You get air, food, drinks, room,  some form of entertainment For 7 days for about a grand each. Yes, at times there are inconvenience, but add least u get to go home they have to stay there for the crowed.  SMILE ALL OVER AGAIN.so lightin up  have fun(LOL)  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything was nice EXCEPT FOR: Our family of six..all grown-ups have been doing all inclusives specifically in the Play De Carmen (Mexico) area.. we have always stayed at the RIU chain  decided to try the Iberostar Resorts. This is the first time we have ever ventured into the Domican Republic. We arrived  immediately noticed how everything was so beautiful  manicured. We stayed there from Jan 10th through Jan 17th 2004.  I will make this short  sweet...the place was awesome, everything looked so good BUT..we all got so sick on the third day (Tuesday) that we could not enjoy anything from that point on..Myself, I had to go to the Doctor when I got back and he confirmed what I had suspected..FOOD POISONING, he said I had a severe case from food poisoning  it took me until Friday to get well.  The food poisoning destroyed any thoughts of us ever returning to the Iberostar Resort in Punta Cana. Richard from Denver  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Trip... Minus the FOOD... I just got back from a 1 week stay at the Iberostar Dominicana in Punta Cana, Domincan Republic. The good: Beautifully landscaped resort  beaches, large  clean rooms, wonderful entertainment staff, easy to speak with almost everyone (in English), great excursions to the safari  swimming with sharks, excellent nightlife at the disco... all of the above surpassed by expectations for the trip (and the Temperature was great in January: highs in mid 80's; low in mid 70's) The bad: There were 19 people in our group  I can honestly say that at some point during the week ~15 of us got sick. Most of those occurences happened around day 4 or 5. We tried everything from Immodium AD to some blue pills that are sold in the pharmacy at the resort designed to kill bacteria, with success ranging from minimal to none. There was no particular meal or thing that we could pin-point the problems to. Beware! I read a review on this site about eating yogurt  taking pepto bismol daily... might be a good idea to take that advice.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>butchchambers
<Content>If you complain about the food then your just a complainer I just returned on 1-22-04 with a group of 36 people I took. We go to a different place every year. iberostar dominicana was just great, the food was all good with many choices of food and restuaraunts. The grounds where unmatched the people are some of the nicest at the hotel and abroad.The check in manager Mr. Medina will do whatever he can to make you happy. if you have kids make a request for room 4056 it is the only 2-bedroom room in the hotel. The only small problem might be the size of the place it is huge so there is alot of walking from one spot to the other. Don't let some winey cronic complainer steer you away from here because out of my group of 36 people all said they would return. The weather is also no issue warm and sunny alot if it does rain it wasn't very long. Last but not least don't just stay in the resort take a safari tour ar one like it. The people in the country are very nice so don't miss out.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Place We went in August 2003. The hotel was really nice. Rooms were clean and the food was good. We did not get sick but we did eat yogurt every day for 2 weeks prior to our trip per our travel agents suggestion, and we took pepto tablets twice a day. We drank bottled water supplied in the room and pop and juice in the buffet. The food was really good. The Steakhouse was excellent. I would reccomend it highly. We mainly ate at the buffet and the choices were many. The beach was great. You do have to get out early if you want a spot up front. The guys at the desk do speak some english and were very helpful. Our Apple agent was also fluent in english and was also helpful. This was my first trip out of the US but I went realizing I am the visitor, the foreignor. They speak spanish so we learned a few words and tried speaking to the staff. The people were very nice and overall I would go back again.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel, average food I am a native Dominican that just went back after 5 years of being away from home. I spend 2 days at the Iberostar Dominicana. The hotel itself is beautiful. The rooms are very spacious and clean and very comfortable. The people of the Dominican Republic will be one of the friendliest and nicest people that you will ever come across in your travels, I guarantee that. The staff at the hotel was no exception. They learn a little of all languages just so that they can ask you how are doing and how you like your stay. The beach at Dominicana was just gorgeous and the pool at the facilities are also very inviting.My only complaint with this hotel is the food. Although there was a lot of variety I must say that the food was pretty bland. I was shocked to see that there were no dominican foods at the buffet. This hotel would get much better reviews if it wasn't for the food. I can't understand why there was no authentic dominican food. It's one of the more delicious cuisines in the world!!While I was there there was also a power outage that lasted for a at least an hour. I had never seen that happen at a hotel. But I think that was a very rare thing to happen.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! My husband and I spent 6 wonderful days in Punta Cana. The beaches were beautiful. The food was delicious, the service at our hotel was fantastic. We went on the Kon Tiki party boat and had a ball. It was the first time we ever went snorkeling. We also swam with the dolphins at Manati Park. It was fantastic. Everything was perfect. We would go again in a minute!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristine2378
<Content>would go again hey guys well i got back last night and dr was nice and relaxing the beach was nice and sand was so soft i wished i could have stayed there the people were very nice a lot of people from europe were there i rented atvs and went on a monster truck sarfai i saw the sugar cane a witch doctor house and a cock fight the food was good i had emailed the hotel liek 3 days before i left asking in spanish for a suite and they gave me with no charge the airport is like 30 to 45 from the hotels i would have rather had a direct flight it pays to have the food and drinks included but right outside the hotel is the slums and poor people but i would go back there in a second  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Iberostar Dominicana I have been to the Iberostar Dominicana 2 times. We were there, once in April of 2003 with my family, and again in August of 2003 with my family, friends, and even my aunt and uncle. We LOVED it.Food: The food isn't bad; you just have to be open to trying new things. And if youre like me then take your garlic shaker. Its all a little on the bland side. They have pizza and French fries for those who aren't so venturous.Wait Staff: The wait staff was absolutely wonderful. Sometimes it may take them a while to get to you, but they are serving other people than just you so just be patient. They are all very nice, and even joke around with you. I would advise everyone to know a little Spanish before you go because language barriers aren't good.The Beach: BEAUTIFUL! The beach is kept very clean, and the water is spectacular. You can stand up to your neck and see your feet plain as day. Wear strong sunscreen and reapply as the day goes on. I have very fair skin, and burnt fairly badly. Thats a sure way to ruin a vacation. Getting a chair was never too hard for my family, but my mother gets up early and heads to the beach for an early start.Activities: There is always something to do, but you won't be nagged if you don't care to participate. The Star Friends work so hard and just love their jobs. They always have smiles on their faces, and love to make you have a good time. Starting early in the morning, they have games like volleyball, mini golf, archery, soccer (way to hot to play my brother did and got very sick), then it goes to dance lessons, aerobics by Yamilli, water Gymnastics. It just never ends. The Star Friends greet you at dinner, and then put on a fabulous show. They rotate the shows every so many days, and it just so happens that both times I have been there the same shows have been on. But they are good so I won't complain. After the show my brother and friends, would head to the disco. The music isn't too bad. Theres a lot of Spanish, but what can you expect in a Spanish country where Americans are the minority. They have dance contests in the club, but good luck winning if youre not the partner of one of the Star Friends. Our vacations wouldn't have been the same without these fabulous people, look for them when you get there. Frankie, Jonathan, Yamilli, Jack, Rolando, Frank, Hose, Rocky, Ostami, Gabriel, Jonas, Naomi, Casalingo, and the rest of the Iberostar staff. The guys might try to get a little fresh, but just let them know your not interested and they will back off.Room: The room is nice. The bathroom is all marble and beautiful. The maids come everyday and are very quick and through. We didn't tip them everyday and they still were wonderful. DO NOT do anything with the water EXCEPT shower. I accidentally brushed my teeth with the water and was sick for many days. I have never had a problem with my balcony view. It's a beautiful place to be.Overall: The Best vacation I have ever had. I have been to Aruba, which is beautiful, but more laid back for married couples maybe even a honeymoon. The Iberostar Dominicana is more for around the younger ages, although my parents are in there 50's and love it. We loved it so much that we actually sent a couple there on their honeymoon that also loved it. My aunt and uncle joined us on our last journey there. A former boss of mine went with a small child; she loved it but would recommend not taking small children. I have had friends join me, who also loved it. We have already decided that we are going back in May. We have made great friends with the Star Friends group, and are still in touch with many of them. I would recommend this vacation to anyone. It is WELL worth the money.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big Chilly for Big Willy Resort grounds are beautiful. We were upgraded to a suite at the Bavaro, which can easily be accomplished with a $20 U.S. Tip upon check-in. Just have it translated to spanish and printed out and show it to the worker at the check in desk. Food was marginal at best. Same food everyday for breakfast and lunch, dinner was possibly the worst meal every single day. Even the specialty restaurants were bad. Beer is ok, nothing like Mexican beer, which I was expecting a similar taste. Drinks are not slushy at all due to heat.It rained at least once every day, but never did disrupt out vaca, as it only rained during the day once, and I was so hung over that day, it did not matter. 4 of the nights after 9 pm it was a terrential downpour.The beach is great, and if you like BEach volleyball and water polo, which I played daily, then you will enjoy.It is a very depressing country though, as the resorts are amazing, the avg citizen lives a lowly existance in small shacks and crappy towns.I would highly reccommend Play Del Carmen Mexico over this location.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Experience I'll Never Forget!! My husband and I stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana from 11/8-11/15. This was our first all inclusive vacation, so we have absolutely nothing to compare it to.We thought the hotel was amazingly beautiful,the ocean was awesome and the excursion to Santo Domingo was simply breath taking. If you get a chance to go to the city to see the Cathedral--it's worth every penny!!We went to the Disco a couple of times and had a lot of fun--we were with a group however and I can see that if you were alone you might feel uncomfortable. Don't expect that they are going to play American music all night--alot of European and Salsas.If you're going for the drinking--WOW you're in for a real treat!! You can drink from sun up to sun down--It's all inclusive 24/7!!We did get tired of the food, but one thing to keep in mind is the first thing that we saw coming into Punta Cana--right down the drive way of our Hotel was a SYSCO semi. Now I know that SYSCO is headquartered in our neighbouring town, so alot of the food that us Americans are complaining about could just be from America! The meats are preserved with salt--it was quite the site to see when we went to Santo Domingo and the water even botteled is softened with salt. I was quite bloated from all of the sodium for the first couple of days but when I got used to it the retention went down. I ended up coming home needing Immodium, but it's probably not because of a bacteria or bug--it's probably all of the salt I ingested mixed with all of the alcohol!!We took Travlers Checks and should have just taken Cash--there was absolutely no reason to fear any of the staff or locals robbing you. Our Apple tour guide made a good point--If we went back home and told our friends that we were robbed in the D.R. they are going to tell all of their friends and then the locals that are making a mere $148/month(or less) are going to start making even less because tourism is their top revenue. Our Tour guide told us he was more likely to be robbed than one of us, and I totally felt safe when we were in the City and at the Resort.If there was ever a question of cleanliness in our room it was taken care of immediately without any questions asked. There is maid service on the grounds for at least 18hrs. a day--their lights to the maids quarters were on 24hrs a day.The specialty resaraunts were O.K. but try going to them early in the week otherwise you'll be disappointed no matter what. By the end of the week you just want to eat something farmiliar and most likely nothing is going to be excellent unless it's a grilled hamburger or fresh chicken like at home. The Mexican Restraunt was our favorite, but the staff was very rude in that particular restraunt. Everywhere else the staff was very pleasant!!If you are planning your vacation and have not yet set the dates plan around the full moon!! The tide is high closest to the full moon--we got there the day before full moon and there were several days when we were not allowed to kayak and the snorkeling wasn't good. But the day we left the tide was down and people were telling us how great the snorkeling was. The staff did refund us for our snorkeling excursion that was a $20 deal about a half of an hour off the shore of Iberostar Dominicana.The pool was clean and relaxing!! We played water polo and at times found our selves lost in time just sun bathing next to the pool. We got great color in a week--and it was over cast almost everyday with rain briefly but the sun always came out!!I have to say that I will never forget our first all inclusive vacation and I'm glad that our party chose Iberostar Dominicana!! We are considering to take our children with us next time--it definately had family oriented qualities.Enjoy your trip if you have any question please E-mail me at chellebelle_1977@hotmail.com  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you want a big mac stay in America =-) we had the best time... the beach is awesome..the pools were very nice(you do need claim your spot early). try to join in with the staff on a activity,we played darts and i won a metal.i was the worse player =-).. we also joined stuff on the beach like tug of war in the pooring rain we were wet anyway..we had alot of laughs. (it rained everyday at some point but the sun always peeked in..we got nice color in 5 days). if your a drinker bring a insulated mug with lid it saves from run to the bar all the time..you can drink and eat anytime you want. we ate stuff that we knew what it was..there is always something you can find!! people crack us up when they complain about the food i'm sure the familys you see on the way in that live in one room tin homes wouldn't complain. be greatful you have a choice. we went snokeing..the water was choppie and took in too much salt water got taken back to beach with 2 other couples while the event continued..they took us back by taxi..=-( everyone we came in contact with were always very helpful and try to please you, special resturant was the steak house and the steak was good the salads i skipped. the casino is not AC we lost about 300 at roulette not your normal loud exciting action quiet,small,and no smiles guess they don't like throwing money away. go to right down the beach to the blue tents and buy gifts from locals..offer half of what they ask for thats about what they will sell it for..start to walk away you'll see =-) GO WITH A OPEN MIND do what you want and be happy..DON'T GO CRAZY EATING AND DRINKING thats what gets you sick the same as if you were home.. WE LOVED IT AND PLAN ON GOING NEXT YEAR FOR NEW YEARS EVE.. I ONLY LEARNED ( O LA---hi in engish)but bye and have a great time email if you have any questions (spoiled36@yahoo.com) patty  dan with friends   
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't wait to go home What a let down. The grounds were pretty and nicely maintained, but our room was dirty and very dingy. The food was absolutely horrible. It was very difficult to get reservations at the restaurants, therefore we had to eat at the buffet. Breakfast and lunch were limited to the buffet only. Same food at the buffet everyday. We were only guaranteed 1 reservation, but when we booked the vacation we were told that they would guarantee 3. Even the food at the restaurants was not quality. Casino was extremely small and smokey. I would never recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>paradise...but needs a little more Americanized My husband and I, and six other couples stayed  at the Iberostar Dominicana Hotel from 11/1/03 to 11/8/03. The hotel itself is very nice, clean, and just paradise. The people were very friendly! The only problems that we had were that they cater to the european vistors. The hotel does not cater to the American guest. They donot understand how to change the american dollar. Word of advise, to not bring Traveler checks or think you can use your bank debit card. Best bet is cash. Also if your staying here, bring your own bottled water from home and snacks that you like for your vacation to live on because the food is terrible. I donot mean that in a bad-mouthing way. The food is geared for the european guest, and it's quite gross. Ten out of twelve of us got sick. Pack plenty of Amodine AD, and other types of this medicine. Take it everyday whether you need it or not. We all felt that the place would be better if they hired a American chef and crew.The D.R. is paradise. The best place at the hotel was the beach!!!!!!!! We all were just so hungry, that we wanted to go home and order a pizza!!!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation It was the most beautiful hotel I have ever seen. The water was just as beautiful as Hawaii's. The beaches were white sand with palm trees for shade. T.the people could not have been any nicer. The kid club was great and the show every night with the kids was wonderful. My daughter loved it. I relaxed every day.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>got my $$ worth - in a good way my roommate and I (2 single females late 20s) just returned from 4 nights at the Iberostar Dominicana - we actually booked into Punta Cana but were given a room in Dominicana - not that it mattered b/c everything was just a brief walk away - we had read all the reviews and came prepared (personal beach towel, insulated cup, tioletries) - check in took longer than it should have (we were told just 10 more minutes for about 3 hours) but we took the opportunity to walk around and get accustomed to the layout of the resort - had some lunch at the buffet which seemed to have a few flies by that time (2PMish) - that was the most flies we saw near the food the entire trip - the buffet in the dominicana seemed to always have less bugs and if you sit up front closer to the hot food stations there were even less up there - food choices were always plentiful (breakfast was the best though) although often you are so hot or wary that you don't try it - be careful with your hotel towel - if you are getting up to wander off to lunch return it for the card and get a fresh one ($15 to replace the towel card if you lose it!) - use your personal towel from home to reserve your lounge chair - be sure to drink enough water - everything else there was sickly sweet to drink... although the lemon iced tea resembles snapple if you water it down a bit - we ate dinner 3 nights and managed to get a reservation for a sit down meal every one - all you had to do was ask the day of and be flexible on the time - we went to the steakhouse (good food but it is on the beach so don't wear your heels!) the mexican - food was decent but very bland - we tried to ask for hot sauce but no one seemed to understand - and the gourmet, our reservation was for 9:30 and we didn't even see food or water until almost 10... be prepared to wait at the gourmet one but everywhere else was fairly prompt - a couple we met there said the wife got very sick from the international and considered going to the hospital - even though it is hot there be sure to drink the coffee - best I've ever had!the room was fine - only saw ants when we brought back our insulated cups from the beach and didn't rinse them out right away - saw 1 huge roach out in the hallway but it was already dead - water pressure was good and we were excited to see some NY channels on the TV - the maid did a fine job of keeping up with our sloppiness - note: if you leave things laying around she will pick them up and organize - to avoid them poking through your stuff be neat! oh and buy your souveneirs from the gift shop at the dominicana as much as possible - everywhere else charges more for the same stuff - and don't be afraid to pet the wild dogs at the flea market down the beach - they are very sweetoh - but there was NO nightlife whatsoever - the dicso was the size of my living room and just had a few couples and some gay men - the rock star cafe was always empty - of course this is the off season and thats why we were able to get so many dinner reservations - so no complaints overall  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>disneybunny
<Content>Lovely Time I have just got back from two weeks at the Iberostar 24/9/03 - 08/10/03. It was just as we expected, I would recommend this hotel and I would go back without hesistation. We could not fault anything. The rooms are so nice and the grounds are superb. If you get the chance make sure you go its amazing  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great fun just got back from a two week hol. 4th sept - 17th sept. The place was just as we expected! great value for money. the beaches were fab. the pool had plenty of space and getting sun loungers were no problem. the weather was extremely hot and we ended up using factor 25 for the first few days. got cracking tans. there was plenty of chioce for the food - main restaurant was buffet style with something for everyone, the menus changed everynight. the other restaurants were good on the whole especially the steak house, although we werent too impressed with the mexican. plenty of chioce availabale for alcohol too with many branded products such as smirnoff - just ask!the rooms were good, our freinds got a free upgrade to a suite. ours smelt a bit musty at first but hey, what can you expect your in a hot humid place! the maid service was spot on. just leave a few dollars in the first week and some in second. there is also no need to tip bar staff for stronger drinks, they were strong enough and tips were not expected. the staff were lively, freindly and wanted to make sure you had a good time.went on two trips - one to saona beach - recomended - catamaran, beach, lunch, dancing, speed boat and swimming with star fish. the other was a jeep safari to take it the dominican in its natural state. theres no piont going to a country if you not gonna bother exploring it! the dominican tour guides were good fun too.most upset tummys were due to the coconut oil that food is cooked in, not under cooking and the fact that most people drank pina coladas all day and night doesnt help. i didnt have any problems. my partner and freinds had few occasions but nothing severe. just a case of adjusting to different eating habits.the entertainment was good too. im glad to say there wasnt many children there either. and you could always get snacks at the end of the night, chips, pitza, hot dogs etc. although i would recomend the beach paella and bbq as they were delicious and try out the local dishes- no piont being in another country if you wanna eat like you do at home.all in all a great trip. would suit couples especially.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Missed the Hurricanes My wife and I travelled to Punta Cana from 9/7-9/14 and had a very pleasant stay at the resort. The weather was sunny every day and the beach is one of the top ten in the world. We have visited Hawaii, Aruba, Tahiti but the money for Punta Cana was a great deal. The beach is open and you can walk for miles from left to right but not after dark. There are sports like kayaking, windsurfing, paddleboats, para sailing,  horseback riding. We just lounged on the beach at our all inclusive and although there were many topless women from Europe, all the sites were beautiful. The room was very clean and the grounds were well cared for. The only problem we had was the food was a buffet style and we ate something that did not agree with our system and had severe stomach pains for 2 days. It was some type of infection that could be from any number of foods or even the water. There was plenty of bottled water in both rooms and restaurants. Every person from the Tour rep to hotel guests recommend only drink water from bottles or resort only. I would highly recommend this hotel again if one wants to lounge on the beach for 7 days and see the shows and disco at night. There needs to be some Budweiser products and the remotes for room TV was available at front desk. We met many nice people from Europe and most languages spoken were Spanish, German, Dutch, and English. The specialty restaurants require pants and a reservation but were nice change from buffet style. I give the trip a B+, just be careful with what you eat!!!!1  
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not to bad Just got back from a week at the dominicana. It was a relaxing vacation the pool was nice not to many places to put your stuff unless you get there very early but there was always room at the beach. The beach and ocean were beautiful except for all the toppless women. I didn't care for that to much. The food was pretty horrible the same thing every day at the buffets but the steak resturant and the mexican resturant were ok. The rooms were ok they had a bit of musty smell but you get used to it other wise pretty clean. The workers we great very friendly we used Apple vacations and our rep Carlos was awsome!!!!! All in all it was an ok trip I don't think i will be going back though.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed time Just returned 8/17 after 1 week at Dominicana. The place is extremely beautifull. Tons of palms and the best beach ever. White sand for miles, no rocks. We took our 3 kids, ages 5,8 and 11. Foos was better than expected, howver I ate rare pork one day (thought it was beef) and got really sick...needed doctor to come to my room at midnight and give me a shot of something. It helped. Pool is huge but a bit warm.....just like everything there. It was 90 plus and humid, no rain. Don't do the banana boat thing. My kid fell off and really hurt her head. We had to take her to the hospital which was 25 minutes away by cab, hotel won't help. AC in the room, howver the heat and humidity made it so very hot. Not a huge problem to get lounge chairs at the pool or beach but better do it early (before 9 am). Bring colored towels from home to make it easy to spot. Snorkeling was ok by the hotel but too many waves. Take the trip down the beach a few miles for 20.00...much nicer coral and fishies. Went parasailing and had a blast. Most activities can be done just a few hundred feet off the property and you will save bucks. Saw tons of topless women, some should not have been so though. Americans make up 20 % of the tourists at the hotel....which is fine. Did I mention the topless women? I would go back in a heartbeat. PS. Don't buy cigars on the beach....they are stale as the humidity got to them.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exactly what we hoped for My husband, 9-year-old son and I returned home to Paris, France on August 8, 2003 from a two week stay at the Iberostar Dominicana. 2 years ago, we stayed at both the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort (Punta Cana) and the Iberostar Varadero (Cuba), so were familiar with Punta Cana and all-inclusive resorts. Apart from our request for a room change on arrival because there was some noise from the evening show, we were absolutely delighted with our stay. The personnel members were very friendly, attentive and cheerful, despite their long and tiring shifts. Our room was very comfortable. The food was good and the restaurant staff went to great trouble to ensure everything was to guests' liking. The gardens were really beautiful, the home of a variety of birds, including many peacocks. For the first 2 days of our stay there was even a flock of flamingos, but these were then moved, presumably to another hotel. Although the beach seemed slightly narrower than at the Barcelo Bavaro, the numerous parasols were a definite bonus. The high chemical content in the swimming pool caused some keen bathers' blonde hair to acquire a green tinge. But we preferred the beach. We had a great time availing ourselves of the included daily hour using a catamaran. On most days there was a brief, sometimes heavy, shower of rain, but these never lasted and were never a nuisance, refreshing the atmostphere and maintaining the lush vegetation. During our stay, we heard some American tourists moaning about virtually everything.. we totally disagree. We travel extensively as I work with an airline and believe me, the Iberostar Dominicana can stand comparison honorably with other resorts. We may well return.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT GOING BACK. Our gang just got back from a relaxing trip. The weather was great. Don't go by the forcast. It said it was going to rain all week, but we just had passing storms at night. PROBLEMS::::::::::::: We stayed at IBEROSTAR Dominican and the other guests stayed on the punta cana side.. ~~~POSITIVES~~~The beach is nice, no people selling stuff all day. The resort must own the beach. The drinks are not too bad. The people seem nice, and the resort is kept up. now for some ~~~~~Negatives~~~~~~~~~~~ which will probably keep me from Punta Cana again. -The food was pretty bad. Working in NYC, this was unacceptable. Food was kept outside for hours. Flys were sitting on the cheese and salad, meat was undercooked, and rolls and fruit were old. All of us have stomach problems. The room had lots of MOLD it it. I am talking about a sheet on the walls and curtains. Other then the maids not filling up the frig, and the ants, mold could be have long term effects on humans. The frozen drinks where water. They dont know how to use a blender in this resort. they use a little frozen machine to add ice. This is used all day, and doesnt have a chance to freeze. So, at the busy bars, your pina colada is in SODA GLASS and is in a liquid form. ::::Although I do have to concede the Iberostar provided great service, many activities, and a good nightlife...the star friends are not what they seem. Most of them are sexual predators, so women, beware. I've seen them grope girls as young as 16. I also heard of one of the star friends who grabbed women sexually and asked them to sleep with them in a hotel. PS the hotel is a mile away and costs 3 dollars a night Don't let your women travel alone!! The star friends also ask people for money, and phone numbers for girls. As they did to my daughter. I filed several complaints with the customer service office. She said it wasn't any of her business. Do not go into this cust. serv. office, for that it is full of flys. The main purpose of some of these employees is to find a wife and get a green card. (talk to the locals, and you will learn a lot) ALSO watch out for the bannana boat. I watched them ride over the reef and god forbid if they fall off when they are over that............Other then the Star friends trying to have sex with little girls, the biggest problem of the trip was when my wife walked in the room, and saw the maid trying to hide something. She had one of our suitcases in the bathroom. WHY? we filed another complaint and asked to see the Manager. They gave us some BS again, and got another maid.....From all the places I have been to, I think we may be heading back to the Virgin Islands next year. At least you could walk outside the resort and feel somewhat safe........  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever Taken i went to punta canta on july 14th for 7 days it was the best vacation I've ever taken to be in an exotic place like that it was just great and the activities are great. The shows at night are amazing very fun. The people at the hotel including the people at the help desk are so friendly they help you with everything even though they dont speak great english lol if I'm going to go on vacation agian anytime soon i would defintitley go back to punta cana and definitley stay at the iberostar dominicana.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE BEST!!! My wife and I just returned from the Iberostar Dominicana on August 2nd. We stayed for 5 nights. I had stayed at other Resorts in Punta Cana but this was the best. The beach was just breathetaking, the pool was just huge, and the food was unbelievable. I mean if you do not find what you want to eat, drink or do then you with the different activities available then something is wrong with you. The room was nice and clean and the people were great. I agree with the other review about the shows, they were great everyday. Would definitely go back next year when our son is more of age. LOVED IT!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Iberostar Punta Cana is beautiful, I just returned on July 30th. I stayed with family for 9 nights. Food was okay. Fresh Fruits were great. The beach was ok BUT If you are going with kids be careful. You will find Topless European Women allover the beaches. My opinion as an American I think they should have designated area If they wanna be Naked. Those women did not care. We noticed 6-9 years old little girs without clothes in front of their families. When we keep children away from certain TV Shows and keep them away from nudity etc and in Punta Cana specially European women display everything everywhere so look out. Outback Safari is great. Manati Park is ok. I don't recomend. Sauna Island is great. I recomend this place.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMAZING!!!!! I just returned from the Dominican Republic Iberostar Resort, and all I have to say is that I am in love! It was the most amazing and spectacular place I have ever been to, and I have been to many resorts around the world.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not safe for women! me and my wife recently visited the iberostar dominicana where she was sexually assualted on the grounds of the hotel while walking to our room. I would not refer this resort to anyone. please rethink before you book a vacation here .  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The truth and then some Well, well.... when half of the flight coming back home is unhappy you know something is not right. The resort facility is very clean and is well maintained. The property houses 3 hotels. Punta Cana, Dominicana  Bavaro...... we got upgraded to a Bavaro room. Rooms were very nice service was good. We have traveled extensively and this was not our first all-inc vacation. The Dominicans are decent people but by far are not as friendly to their customers unlike in Mexico USVI, BVI, etc. The beach is beautifull but you need to get there by 9 am to reserve a chair .... they say its not allowed but its the only way to get a good spot. (we have gotten into an argument with a couple from Holland who just threw our towells down made a scene on the beach and told us ... thats why we hate Americans.... imagine World War III almost started over towels =) In reality the food is plenty but no spices are almost used. The people in the resort told us that they cook for international clientelle thu the food is bland..... imagine cooking for the French and having the food bland! anyhow, the resort was pretty.... nice rooms decent service but once again the staff are not as friendly as in other countries. We left with the following seniment. DR is a very pretty place with relatively friendly people who want your money and will go to anylengths to get it. So here is the advice...... if you choose to go to DR choose a different resort than IBEROSTAR RESORTS  
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cardinal
<Content>Not what I expected Just came back from D.R. and boy was I disapointed. This is one island that I will never go back to. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against the hotel. It was the weather and travel aspects, that were a nightmare. When you arrive at the airport, in Punta Cana, it's like stepping back in time. All the money that this country makes off of tourisim and this is the best they can do? The people that live there should be embarrassed. It is not only extremely hot and humid, but dirty and decrepited. Then comes the ride to the resorts. Not only are the roads in terrible condition, there is NOTHING to look at. It's like landing in the middle of the jungle. As far as the Iberostar property, I would give it a 2 to 3 star rating. They people there do try there best and the landscape and beach is nice. We were unfortunate to have rain EVERY DAY that we were there, so there really wasn't anything to do. One major problem we encountered though, was communicating with the staff. English was not spoken or understood very well, throughout the resort. My final opinion, is that I will leave the D.R. to the Europeans. The locals seem to treat them better, so they can have it.  
<Date>May 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Holiday We just had an amazing week at The Iberostar Dominicana. As we were travel agents we decided on Dominican Rep as we seem to be selling a lot of it lately. We chose this hotel as is looked like one of the best in the brochure. We travelled with First Choice Holidays. The flight was the only bad thing about this holiday. We flew with Brittania from Gatwick to La Romana (Why not Punta Cana????), as a result the transfer took about 2 hours!! The flight was average but the seat pitch is disgusting at 29 inches, and only 1 movie on a 9 hour flight!! On arrival at the hotel we were checked in in no time (with a cockltail). I travelled with a work mate so we shared a twin room. The room was large and very comfortable. Ceiling fans and air conditioning are provided. The room was spotless and the mini-bar well stocked with cool drinks which are part of the all inclusive package. If you want your bar restocked daily I suggest leaving a tip for the maid. We had great views of the lush tropical and well manicured gardens. You will find peacocks, flamingos, chickens and ducks strutting around freely. The gardens are prestine and very well maintained. Every memeber of staff would acknowledge you with a smile and an Ola. Nothing seemed to be to much trouble. The beach as you would expect is possible one of the best I've been on. Pure white sands and crystal and turqouise coloured water. The sea itself is safe to swim in and warm. The pools were fantastic and there were plenty of sunbed to choose from if you got there min morning. Getting to the pool in the afternoon sometimes meant having to lie in the sun - but hey - first come first served! Cocktails, soft drinks, coffee are on tap whenever you want from the bars dotted all over the place. Food. Where do I start. Big hint - try booking the restaurants as soon as you get there, and try asking for extra reservations. We were there for 7 nts and were entitled to 3 reservations - we ended up with 5. The La Sibila a la carte was my favourite for the lobsreakfast is buffet and has every possible thing you could want - from waffles and pancakes to a full hot fry up. Food is fresh and hot. If you are not picky then there is something for everyone. Luch time was hamburgers/salad/fries/fish/pizza/fruit from the beach bar. I have been to Cuba and Jamaica and must say that I was very impressed and will from now on recommend Iberostar hotels whenever possible. Activities ranged from doing your own thing without any fuss to volleyball/water aerobics/water polo/paragliding/pedaloes etc. We only did one trip. Sanoa Island with its prestine white beaches, green palms and blue waters was worth the full day. Out by catamaran back by speedboat with lunch and drinks included. This hotel resort (Punta Cana/Dominicana/Bavaro) will continue to do well if the level of service is maintained and the food and activities remain excellent value for money. Another important issue for us were the animals. The Resort seems to have created its in mini-eco system with its ponds and fountains dotted all over the place alive with animals - from the tropical fish and birds to the turtles swimming freely in the hotel foyer pond! Have an open mind and don't expect to be like home and I'm sure you will have the best holiday possible.  
<Date>May 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Beaches We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Iberostar Dominicana in Punta Cana. These beaches were some of the most beautiful I have ever seen, not one pebble in the sand or one seaweed strand in the aqua blue water. The Iberostar takes great care of the grounds which are very expansive since it offers 3 different resorts in one. The buffet had a great variety, but for those of you who have been on an all inclusive vacations before remember we are talking buffet food not a gourmet restaurant. The pineapple was terrific and the variety of breads and croissants was amazing and very good too. You can also dine at a choice of 4 restaurants. We tried the Mexican restaurant and the Tropical, both were good, but the Tropical offered you the ability to try some real Dominican food. Iberostar offers many non motorized water sports including snorkeling and kayaking, but if you plan to use the equipment for more than 1 hour a day you will encounter a charge. One very important tip is to make sure you reserve your beach chairs early in the morning despite the fact that the resort frowns upon that by 7am all of the chairs under the thatch beach huts were taken. The overall all inclusive experience the Iberostar offers is one of the best in Punta Cana and is well worth your money. The only negative was the 2 very small very hard double beds. Also there are a variety of off sight packages that are available for a reasonable fee.  
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't spend money on Iberostar Dominicana/Iberostar Punta Cana   showReview(970723, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not what expected   showReview(934351, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Iberostar Dominicana Ultimate Beach Vacation   showReview(933851, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TomSue
<Content>Just returned from Spring Break vacation   showReview(930682, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aga28
<Content>March 24-31, 2003   showReview(928851, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beach Lover's Paradise   showReview(914688, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like a honeymoon for the whole family!   showReview(908964, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not return!!   showReview(851287, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding!   showReview(838119, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Serene and Beautiful   showReview(696194, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HARBAD
<Content>Excelencia en todo..!       la playa del hotel simplemente arena blanca y mar azul  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sanantoniodelasierra
<Content>BENDITA Internet! Agradezco la informacion de este sitio!!   showReview(22869598, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>comodon
<Content>FANTASTICO,GENIAL   showReview(21741714, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>muchachitaCantabria
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(21649957, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mevoyalcaribe
<Content>el hotel bien, pero con una experiencia mala   showReview(21531261, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Entspannter Familienurlaub   showReview(22952823, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>presumida
<Content>Ole ole ole       plano  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rebeccaamadrid
<Content>Sin palabras   showReview(20839872, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach nur spitze!   showReview(22953000, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PACOPIL8
<Content>Mejor viaje de mi vida       excursion catamaran  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>javier2008
<Content>El mejor hotel que puedas imaginar:   showReview(19831295, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MONFY
<Content>Estupendo complejo       Anochecer entre plameras  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SONSOLESEN
<Content>Vacaciones familiares       LA ENTRADA EN EL HOTEL  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>QuitoAlexa
<Content>Muy lindas vacaciones   showReview(19529184, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>davsb
<Content>Lo mejor para pasar vacaciones tranquilas       Aquajim (gimnasia en la piscina)  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Francisco66
<Content>Buen Hotel, gente muy amable       tiendas dentro del resort  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>GaliciaLuna
<Content>Una atencion exquisita   showReview(19258760, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kikounette99
<Content>super hotel a conseiller   showReview(19102816, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super urlaub   showReview(22948996, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚ne Flitterwochen   showReview(22947024, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bayartf
<Content>Voyage de R锚ve   showReview(18845623, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nukideandros
<Content>Todo genial       Si el hotel est谩 muy bien, aun es mejor la animaci贸n. Cada d铆a con algo que te hace reir.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>memoleValladolid
<Content>Vacaciones fant谩sticas!!!   showReview(18201603, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>marianrevi
<Content>Luna de miel perfecta       bebidas de todo tipo  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fachinal
<Content>Para unas vacaciones inolvidables       catamar谩n 1  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chantdob
<Content>Merveilleux s茅jour   showReview(15753973, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>emaga
<Content>Super excelente       Actos nocturnos.-Para adultos  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CordobaMaria
<Content>las mejores vacaciones en Ibersotar Punta Cana       la playa  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>maryfred62
<Content>Un voyage de noces inoubliable   showReview(15401236, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ermitita
<Content>UN BUEN HOTEL   showReview(15252300, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>saezb
<Content>Iberostar = Vacaciones       Zona del hotel  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lleida2008
<Content>Fant谩stico   showReview(14449561, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>RICHARDBuenosAires
<Content>excelente       PLAYA HOTEL  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Macu90
<Content>Excelente mi experiencia en este hotel   showReview(14295402, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>himselph
<Content>Superbes Vacances   showReview(14184116, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aisa_8
<Content>El para铆so       viaje a isla saona  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gafd2
<Content>Plein les yeux!   showReview(13735255, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>guantanamera07
<Content>dale pa ca ,dale pa ll谩   showReview(13158764, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>severine2110
<Content>Id茅al pour du baln茅aire   showReview(11621774, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>estiti
<Content>repetir   showReview(10009654, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Afrodita25
<Content>Maravilloso   showReview(8749451, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>enrico1980
<Content>Pues esta genial       Relajandonos  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>angelical728
<Content>Nos fascin贸 el dominicana       jangueo en la piscina  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Luisybea
<Content>Hotel increible!!   showReview(8237521, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>angelotecs
<Content>Estupendo       Los animalitos del hotel...  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>lobarusa
<Content>es un hotel para volver   showReview(7645084, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Polluxx
<Content>Superbe voyage - Mars 2007   showReview(7376587, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Tet茅ponfe
<Content>Iberostar dominicana IMPRESIONANTE               More photos  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	5	2	

<Author>odieymilu
<Content>estupendo!!!!   showReview(6719976, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>saberomero
<Content>Un voyage de r锚ve       au cocktail  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alegra18
<Content>super voyage a punta cana       moi le premier jour d茅ja la jupe et le d茅bardeur.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

