<Author>folly111
<Content>Spectacular Views What a great experience! We came over from the East Bay for a wedding and get away weekend. We lucked into unusually warm fall weather and we were upgraded to one of the corner rooms with wrap around window view of San Francisco Bay and the Bay Bridge. Does it get any better? The room and staff were great and the views were spectacular. Great location for walking along the Embarcadero and lunch outside along the Bay.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrandMrsC08
<Content>Great Location       The city  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kathieann
<Content>What A Gem!! Our 7 night stay at the Vitale was wonderful from start to finish. We had a deluxe bay front room on the 7th floor which was lovely. The view from the wall-to-wall window of the bay bridge was awesome. All off the staff were wonderful and accommodating, including the front desk, the concierge, bellmen and especially housekeeping. Our rooms were always cleaned as soon as we left in the morning. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant twice which we enjoyed. Boulettes Larder in the Ferry Building across the street served a great breakfast. (don't miss it) The hotel's lounge and outdoor bar/patio was open late and got very crowded. Despite this we never had any problem with noise. The hotel was in a great location away from all the hustle and bustle of Fisherman's Wharf. If we were to return to SF, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Phill111
<Content>best location for people in the know just got back from a 3 week trip in america and stayed at the vitale for 4 nights. From the outside it seems quite unassuming but once inside its a lovely hotel and the rooms are full of high end fixtures and fittings.The staff were all very helpful and friendly.As the other reviews have said the bar does get busy with the city boys after 5 but its quieter on sat and sun evenings.we were in the top floor and had a great view of the bay bridge.worth the extra money.We walked all over the centre,from fishermans wharf to lombard st,the italian quarter and union square.Fishermans wharf really is a tourist trap and tacky and union square is just dept stores,but the rest of the city is great.tip..go to shanghai 1930 restaurant,its 50 yards away,the food is great and the live jazz bands set the mood perfectly in the cocktail lounge.There are lots of other great bars and restaurants within 300m but 1930 was our favourite.We would stay at the vitale again without hesitation.A+  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wowclaire
<Content>Very nice and clean, great location BUT VERY NOISY ROOMS!!! I don't normally stay at hotels this nice, but my business paid for it. The rooms are nice and feature a lot of extras, like free shoe polishing, water bottle, a little card with the next day's temperature, etc. The room was clean and I wasn't afraid to walk around with bare feet or touch the bedspread. However, the one major fault I have with this hotel was its noise. I have stayed on both the 5th and 7th floors, bay view rooms, and have been able to hear the following: the elevator doors opening and closing, the maid's closet door opening and closing numerous times, music and talking from other rooms, and cars honking outside.The view from the room is magnificent and its location can't be beat. I've run along the Embarcadero each morning and all you have to do is cross the street. The staff is excellent and will find a taxi for you anytime, but I just couldn't get over how loud my room was for the price my firm paid.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Photopedia
<Content>Sparkling fresh and new.       The view from our room.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>PinotSeller
<Content>Who gets the good rooms? Traveling to San Francisco a few times a year for business, we are still trying to find the right hotel. This was our second try for Hotel Vitale, and we are not sure whether we'll give it another. We were arriving in SF from overseas, and requested a quiet room. Our flight was 8 hours late, so we arrived exhausted. At the front desk we asked if the room was quiet, and was assured that it was. Well, when we opened the door to the room, we were assalted by the bass from the bar downstairs...not even close to quiet. We called downstairs and they showed us a room in the back corner, where it was quiet, but dirty, broken closet doors. The third room we were shown was right on Mission street, and the valet assured us that it would be quite noisy in the morning. Choosing sleep, we opted for the quiet room.The next morning we asked for a better room and for $60 extra (making the room charge over $400) we were moved to a room on a higher floor, remarkably cleaner and with a great view of the Bay.Our take on this hotel is that if you pay the big dollars, the rooms are quiet and clean. If you choose a more inexpensive room, expect it to be noisy and not as clean as you would like it to be. San Francisco is very expensive, but there has to be a hotel where if you pay $300/night, you can expect a clean room and a good nights sleep. Unfortunately, Hotel Vitale is not it.The positives for this hotel are its location and friendly staff.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>kelpunk
<Content>A little gem perfectly located with awesome views In celebrating my husband's birthday, we wanted a quiet get-away weekend while checking out the Fleet Week in San Francisco. Great little modern boutique hotel situated perfectly right across the Embarcadero building and awesome eateries everywhere including the hotel's own Americano. After taking the night time Alcatrez tour getting back to the hotel past 10pm - we were famished and ordered the short ribs and mac n cheese which were to die for comfort food.When we got back to the hotel, they surprised us with two cupcakes and a happy birthday wish - which really made me look good - since I was rushed to plan the weekend and didn't think about some of the details.We ended the weekend with messages in their spa - which capable masseuse made up for the somewhat surprising small facility. Combined with beautiful weather, and gorgeous views - I'd recommend staying at this little gem on your next stay in SF.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Aylesburytravellers
<Content>Wonderful hotel, great location I stayed in the Vitale in June on a solo trip to San Francisco in June. It really was the perfect choice:- The rooms are lovely 鈥?very relaxing with comfortable bed. I moved half way through my stay to an urban studio 鈥?wonderful relaxing bathroom. - The beds are very comfortable 鈥?and the room was always spotless.- The location is fantastic 鈥?I wandered down to the Ferry Building for breakfast every day. The best thing there was Boulette鈥檚 larder 鈥?don鈥檛 miss it. Also the hotel gives complementary access to the nearby YMCA 鈥?great to take a spinning class for an early morning pick me up 鈥?and you can workout with a view of the bay bridge.- It鈥檚 easy to walk to everywhere you need to go 鈥?but also right by the Embarcadero BART for the airport (and subway for elsewhere) plus the mini and cable car. - The views of the bay are great 鈥?and I had a meal in the restaurant too which was good.As well as being beautiful, the location isn鈥檛 touristy like Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf, nor edgy like some others areas. The staff are fantastic too 鈥?great recommendations and always with a smile.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DDtwo
<Content>A Perfect Stay We have stayed at other JDV hotels which is one reason I picked Hotel Vitale. We completed the last days of our Honeymoon in San Francisco and decided to try Vitale due to their location and their excellent reviews on trip advisor. We were not disappointed in any way. Megan was great in making our reservations and noting it was our Honeymoon. First off, our room was upgraded to waterfront view. Since it was not ready on arrival, Daniel offered us drinks in Americano's bar. We had two drinks each which the hotel picked up. We were then shown to our room which had an amazing view of the East Bay bridge. Off we went for dinner and upon our return, Champagne and chocolates were left at our bedside. Romantic is the only word I can think of due to the soft music and low lights left on for us. It was a little noisy due to the bar downstairs, but we just kept the soft music on until the bar closed. The noise was not something you could really hear unless you focused on it. We slept VERY soundly during our stay there, yes the beds are perfect too.There was a running race I decided to run Sunday morning and again, they help to direct me to the place to sign up and gave me some bandaids prior to my run. Little things that convey their committment to customer service. We didn't try Americano only because we have our favorite places to eat in SF. We loved our stay at this hotel that modestly claims to be a three star hotel. It was a perfect stay and we plan on staying here many more times.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lianelau
<Content>my favorite hotel in San Francisco I frequently travel to San Francisco and this is my favorite place to stay. They do everything right here, from the service at the front door to the amendities. I appreciate getting the New York Times, Fresh products and a gym pass to the YMCA down the block. Also, I love the short walk to the Ferry Building.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Alvin&Tracy
<Content>What a view from the room !       More views from our room  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>richs10
<Content>Loved the Vitale Nice, clean, NEW!!. We were in a basic room with 2 beds, a chair and a nice view of the Ferry Building. The room was not large, but was adequate and well designed.Bath was very nice. Good showerhead. Wonderful bath amenities. Loved the soaps and shampoo. The brand was Fresh.The bed was TDF (to die for). This had to be one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in. Very nice sheets, lots of pillows. Very restful sleep.One negative: The Vitale seems to be following the current hotel craze in giving you a flatscreen HDTV, but then having no HD programming. That was very irritating. The staff was very nice and accomodating. As we were leaving, we were attempting to severely overpack a rented SUV. The bellmen were extremely helpful in jockeying/jamming all our stuff and our bodies in the vehicle. At that point, I think they were glad to see us go!Finally, the location of the Vitale is EXCELLENT!Hotel Vitale: THUMBS UP!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachdreamco
<Content>Fell in love with SF  Our stay at the Vitale was wonderful from start to finish. We arrived on a Friday evening and it was exciting to see such a vibrant and happening scene at the hotel. The noise was not an issue for us during any part of the stay. The hotel staff was very gracious and accomodating. We were impressed by the complimentary bottle of sparkly in honor of our anniversary, along with cards from the hotel and housekeeping. It was a wonderful gesture by the hotel and made our first trip to SF all the more memorable.The location is, in my opinion, the best in the city. The Sat. morning Farmers Market is not to be missed and it was very easy to access public trans. to other parts of the city. What I liked the most was coming back to the serene decor and ambiance of the hotel after a busy day of shopping and exploring the city. The rooftop patios are a haven - one of the best spots to take it all in.For the leisure traveler, Hotel Vitale is a wonderful place. If you're a true spa-goer or business traveler though, it may not suit you.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>theresama40
<Content>Great Location but Terrible Internet Policy My husband and I spent a pleasant weekend at the Hotel Vitale in May.What we liked:1. Fabulous location on Embarcadero across from the Ferry Building2. Amazing (and underused) roof deck with views onto the Bay3. Comfortable rooms. We had one of the oddly shaped Urban Studio rooms (they're concave, believe it or not), which was good value for the size. The spacious bath area was particularly appreciated.4. Wonderful toiletries from Fresh cosmeticsWhat we didn't like:1. Their Internet policy. Yes, wireless Internet was free, but that was only the lower speed wireless Internet. Higher speed Internet involved a charge. I thought this was misleading and hope that other hotels do not follow this horrible example. If it weren't for this, I would have awarded the Vitale five stars.2. The decor. The beige and ice blue color scheme was soothing, but had something of the feel of a chain hotel. And did the room art come from a yard sale? Or was it high end art pretending to come from a yard sale? Too complicated for me. . .  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>lovetofly7
<Content>Incredible view; wonderful concierge Arriving at Hotel Vitale after 27 hours in transit was a seamless entry into a serene world of pampering luxury. The circular suite on the sixth floor provided sweeping views of the Bay Bridge, while the room itself was tastefully appointed with comfortable furnishings and luxe Fresh bath products.Vitale's location is excellent for the pedestrian guest. The adjacent Ferry Building boasts a Saturday morning farmers' market that is second to none, and the heart of downtown is within easy walking distance.Perhaps best of all was the incredibly personable concierge, Jackie, who assisted with reservations at outstanding restaurants across the city and ensured that all five nights spent at her property were memorable.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>vicvic4
<Content>Beware of noise!!! Not as wonderful as we had hoped. Waterfront view was gorgeous but only through a small window; the staff was gracious and helpful. But the bar scene was noisy every night-- well into the night-- rendering the bar and the lobby useless and keeping us awake in our 6th floor room. The spa was tiny and the outdoor tubs were depressing- with no view and set in a corner of the roof. Room service was slow and expensive.So- we enjoyed our stay but were disappointed in the hotel. Definitely not the restful getaway we were anticipating.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>FBinUK
<Content>loved the vitale we loved this hotel - though the bar is very popular and loud in the evening although they're the 'after work crew' and disapear by 9.30pm. Very helpful staff and great location.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Shanehoustonlittle
<Content>In the middle of so many restaurants The hotel staff were very personable. We dropped off our luggage while the room was being prepared. We had arrived two or three hours before check in. When we came back at 3:00PM, there were no delays. The room overlooked the Bay Bridge and is directly across the street from the Ferry building at Embarcadero. The walk towards South of Market area is very reasonable. The bedding was nice. The sitting area and room sizes were also spacious for this location. We ate dinner here on Friday night because the restaurant across the street had an emergency and was shut down. I would recommend the restaurant for non-guests and the outside patio / bar area was packed from rush hour til 9 or 10 every night.The rooftop areas on the live roof and the spa areas were also very nice and clean. I would highly recommend staying here. Especially if you do not mind the extra five or six block walk to areas outside of the Embarcadero area.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mandarinlover
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Staff not Amazing       Community Terrace  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	3	3	

<Author>Ruby49
<Content>Home away from Home We drove from Santa Barbara to the Hotel, very easy to get location.Turned the car over to Valet and enjoyed the city. The staff were very helpful from the curb to the room. We had room # 614 great view of the water  the bridge. Comfortable bed with lots of pillows. Big bathroom w/ walk-in shower, lots of towels and my favorite, a dimmer on one of the lights. Very good food and fast for room service, great coffee in the morning only 5-10 mins. Breakfast was also very quick  fresh. The terrace on the roof is a wonderful place to get away. Would stay here again in a minute! Only problem was wi-fi on my iPhone was very painfully slow.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AMBUWS29
<Content>Good service, convenient location I stayed at the Hotel Vitale for the second time for a business trip. The front desk was very helpful. The beds are extremely comfortable and the rooms are aesthetically very pleasing. I also got a massage in the hotel's spa. Initially we were disappointed because the hotel doesn't offer services like manicures and pedicures, but the massage I got from Jimmy quickly made up for all of that. He did an excellent job, using totally different techniques. I still feel relaxed days later.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kecoleman
<Content>Great Service This hotel is amazing. We felt like royalty. The staff attends to your every need - whatever paper you want, whatever temperature you like... We had a great view of the bay bridge and could walk to Chinatown, the Embarcadero, Union Square and cable cars. It is a longer walk or a quick bus ride to Fishermans Wharf but that was fine with us since it was so crowded. We had better restaurants near us including the hotel restaurant. I thought this type of personalized attention only came in $1000 a night rooms. makes for a very special visit.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ckn24
<Content>Hotel that can't shoot straight The Vitale was a total, total disappointment. The location is very good and the facilities are fine. But service was just bad, very bad. They try hard, and are personally nice, but really can鈥檛 get it right. For the price they charge, the level of service delivered is unacceptable. I have stayed here for 11 nights (tonight is the last night, I am actually posting this from the hotel), so I believe my view is based on a good sample of what happens there, and not on some fluke (positive or negative). Here is a list of what went wrong. You judge for yourself.Day 1: I arrive with my son on July 4th for a 12 day stay. Upon check in I ask whether there is any place in the property where we could see the fireworks and are told 鈥渘o.鈥?Next day we go to the 8th floor and see that indeed there was a terrace from where one could see the fireworks. But maybe it was taken for some event. So, we understand. I also notice that despite the fact that we are staying for 12 days, our room has no view (note a bad view, but no view 鈥?windows into a tiny courtyard/service area). Fine, I think, it corresponds to wat I was paying. None of these two events constitute bad service, but they did not build any goodwill with me. Not a problem if things run smoothly. We will see.Day 2: We go for breakfast at Americano, the Hotel鈥檚 restaurant and arrive at about 8 am, there are two tables already eating and we are the third. We are told to seat wherever we wanted. Service is horrible. It took 10 minutes to get a menu. My son鈥檚 order arrives after 10, and mine (two eggs and toast) never come. After he finishes eating, I ask for the check (and then my eggs arrive). I leave without breakfast and decide not to use the restaurant again.In the afternoon we decide to take a cab from the hotel to go to a Jazz Festival. We walk out and I ask the bellman for a cab. He is moving cars, which are parked in front of the hotel. I look at my watch and realize that after standing there for 6 minutes, nobody has even called a cab. So, we walk out, and find a cab for ourselves.Day 3: I call at 6:15am or so and order breakfast in the room, to avoid the restaurant service and to see the Wimbledon final on TV. They say it would be in my room by 6:50. At 6:35 I get a call from Penny saying they are having problems in the kitchen and it will take longer for the breakfast to be ready and that it will be in my room at 7:15. Fine, I say. It does not arrive by 7:15. So, I call the guest service line at 7:20 and Tania 鈥?without checking 鈥?tells me it is on its way. I ask her to check and she says she will call me back. Penny calls me back and says the order will be in my room by 7:30. It arrives at 7:35am. The nice woman who brought it either was not trained to deliver room service (did not offer to open the water bottle, put tray on desk in the wrong way, did not leave cart/table in the room to serve as a table for the two of us to be able to eat, etc) or was in a hurry to do something else. We did not get what we ordered (some toast was missing), but we ate it anyway, as we were starving.Day 4: We order breakfast in the room for two people. They come and deliver a tray without a cart. So, one of us has to have breakfast standing. The person who brought the breakfast told me he could not leave the cart in the room, did not offer to open the bottle of water for me (at this point I don鈥檛 expect this level of service anymore), and did not notice that there was only one glass. I called to complain about it, but the second glass arrived 20 min later (we already had eaten breakfast)Day 6: I have to stay a bit later working in the room. At 11 I leave the room, stop by reception and ask them to get my room cleaned. I come back by 2:15 and the room is still not clean. Day 7-Day 11: We basically did not use any hotel services and got used to lousy, sub-standard in room service for breakfast. It is pretty clear that the people delivering the service are just not trained to deliver service corresponding to the hotel rates.Day 11 at night: I knew I might have to take a later flight after checking out, so I went to the front desk during my stay and asked if I could check out at 4 pm (I would be willing to extend my stay for a day if that were not possible). I am told there will be no problem, just to confirm with the front desk the night before departing. So, I just went downstairs and asked if I could have a late check out. They said they are fully committed and I cant. I then ask if I can stay one more day, and they say that I can鈥檛 (but they would store my luggage for me 鈥?aren鈥檛 they nice?). Anyway, for the price they change this is certainly a sub-standard hotel. I will not come back and do not recommend it. If you will stay in the hotel for one or two nights as part of a leisure trip it is probably OK, but if you will stay for longer or will be in town for business and need good levels of service, probable best to stay away.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	1	4	

<Author>davis22
<Content>contemporary and stylish This was our second stay at the Hotel Vitale and will certainly not be the last. The hotel enjoys an excellent location across from the ferry building. Public transportation is easily accessible whether by streetcar (which travels along market as well as to fisherman's wharf), buses, cable cars, BART and the muni. We use BART from the airport and are dropped off 2 blocks from the hotel. The rooms are contemporary and comfortably furnished. We have stayed in both a waterfront room as well as the urban studio room. The spa is compact but features excellent therapists. We used the hotel restaurant only for breakfast which was efficient and delicious. We typically dine at Boulevard (located across the street) and Slanted Door which is located in the Ferry building. San Francisco is a city of neighborhoods and in picking a hotel, you must decide on a surrounding ambience whether it is by the water (which we like), high up on one the hills, in the middle of shopping like union square or in a more residential area like the marina district. Overall our stays at the Vitale have been relaxing and enjoyable and we certainly plan to return.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jbirkSf
<Content>Hotel Vitale -- very relaxing My wife and I periodically stay in SF and have really enjoyed the Vitale. The location is excellent -- right on the water next to the Bay bridge. What's more on Saturday's you are then right across the street from the fantastic farmer's market -- you can cruise through and get a great and quick breakfast from one of the vendors with some really great coffee.Meanwhile, the hotel is set up in sort of a green, spa sort of vibe. Muted colors and soothing settings all over.Be sure to try the soak tubs on the roof, as well as the view rooms looking right at the bridge.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mini_MouseUk
<Content>Trendy and Friendly A lovely hotel. Very trendy and friendly!Great location, it is worth going to the 7th floor and onto the terrace for the view of the Oakland Bridge.Be warned, on a weekend the bar is very popular with the locals and gets very busy!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Lk2Trvl
<Content>Disappointed by Hotel Vitale       view from room  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>kismet33
<Content>Excellent choice       Hotel Room  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnotherUnitedKingdom
<Content>Everything you want from a city hotel This place is somewhat of a hidden gem - or at least that's the impression I got.It's in all the guide books etc but just appears totally unfussy and just what you need in SF; relaxing, friendly, comfy.The location gets some stick but I think it's perfect. Firstly, getting there from the airport is so easy. You can of course take a cab but I would advise anyone travelling light or in a small group to take the BART from the Intl Airport to Embarcedaro station (then just 5mins walk down the hill). It's a fraction of the cost and takes just as long as a taxi. It's also at the far end of the Embarcadero from Fisherman's Wharf - meaning there is amazing walk along the bay (passed some great sites: Coit Tower and the Alcatraz departure quay) to the tourist hell (but a must!) that is FW. It's also smack across the street from the Ferry Building. This is a gem - worth getting up early (courtesy of jetlag) and wondering over to for coffee from Peets - while watching the commuters come of the ferries. That has to be one the single most enjoyable things to do. The Ferry Building also has some the best restaurants in the area (Taylors/Slanted Door) and of course the actual ferries to Tiburon etc. The hotel is at the bottom of the hill from SF proper (think Union Square, shops etc) but this is easy to solve via the cable car, street cars or a healthy walk up the hill (20mins?).So the actual hotel...is great. The rooms as large, super clean, soothing and quiet. There is some fuss made over the city and bay views. But to be honest how much time are you spending looking out of the window? We had a city view room - which actually meant staring at an empty office block. But if you want a view - they've got it. The bed was astonishingly comfy. The bathroom was stocked with Fresh toiletries which will forever evoke memories of SF. The only issue was with the bathroom door. A slider, with poor closure. So depending on who you are travelling with.....you may want to run the taps....The facilities aren't extensive, but just enough to sort on-line check in (business centre) and run a few miles (gym) - but shouldn't you be walking everywhere? The terraces are a huge asset, over looking the bay and Ferry Building. Although when we did sit out on them, security came up and asked if we were staying at the hotel - is that a good thing?The vibe the hotel tries to creates one of serenity and calm; all lavender aromas and earth tones. It totally works. And after a days of sightseeing, walking and burning the credit card...the minute you step into the lift playing soothing music and images....it's all miles away.The staff leave you alone - unless you need them. Which is the only way it should be.One note, the inhouse restaurant (Americano) gets crazy...it's a hot ticket in SF. So if you want a quiet meal, or drink on the patio - head over to the FB.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>What_is_the_loon
<Content>Fantastic, hip, special place!       Bay Bridge view from our Panoramic Suite  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UtahSarahcat
<Content>Great location My brother lives in S.F and recommended this place. The location is fantastic, located across the street from the Ferry Building, which is full of great local food vendors and a farmers market on Saturdays. The hotel was what we expected when paying $350+ a night. We had a 2nd floor room that looked out onto Mission St. and the Bay Bridge. My only real complaint was the housekeeping on day one. We were out of the room from 7:30am to 4:30pm, but the room still hadn't been made up when we got back. We put the Privacy tag on the door to take a quick nap and in that time, missed housekeeping and turn down service all within an hour. We would go back - the location can't be beat. And the rooftop terrace is a nice addition.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Arturas
<Content>Simply relaxing! Stayed at Vitale at Urban Studio room and from the moment I entered hotel till the moment I left I really enjoyed this hotel! The room has a different layout, great deep soaking tub, separate shower and great cosmetic products. The hotel has a really relaxing atmosphere. The staff is very friendly and welcoming! No arrogancy or attitude, just true hospitality. I will definately return to this hotel! Thanks for great service!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>surfinggourmet
<Content>Great Hotel; Lousy Valet We stayed there on May 7 for just one night. Great location near the Embarcadero and Fisherman's Wharf. We arrived early (10:30 a.m.), intending to drop off our bags and check out the Wharf, but were pleasantly surprised to be taken right up to our room. The hotel was stylish, and the front desk and housekeeping staff were friendly and professional. Our room (deluxe w/Bay view) was clean and well-appointed. The only negative was their valet parking. First of all, they require 20-30 minutes to get your car. Excessive, but considering all of the one way streets in SFO and the fact that their parking lot is at least a block away, I guess that's the best they can do. However, I have a huge problem when I called down for my car 30 minutes in advance of checking out (headed to the airport), and 50 minutes later, the valet shows up with THE WRONG CAR!!! Then, he tried to convince me that it was ours! When we wouldn't take the wrong vehicle, he went back to the garage and came back with the right one. He was apologetic and said they would take the parking charge off our bill. At that point, all we were cared about was getting to the airport on time, so we didn't bother to check on whether he actually did it or not. I suppose I'll find out when I get my credit card statement . . .  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RoamingSeattleite
<Content>Excellent Choice, Right on the Embarcadero I stayed at the Hotel Vitale for two nights in late April on a business trip.The hotel is warm and welcoming, with comfortable wood finishes throughout. My room had a very comfortable bed, a usable desk, ample storage space and was very quiet, despite being located in a very busy area, Mission between the Embarcadero and Steuart.The hotel's locaiton is ideal for anyone in SF on business downtown. When you walk out the front door, you're greeted by a picture-postcard view of the Bay Bridge and if you walk a few steps, the renovated Ferry Building and it's handy gourmet food stalls. It's also adjacent to the streetcar that can take you down Market all the way to Castro, and along the Embarcadero to Fisherman's Wharf. The Embarcadero Muni Metro/BART station is only about two blocks away.I didn't eat at the restaurant, but I did have a drink at the very comfortable bar. There's also a beautiful outside dining area with great views.All in all, the Vitale is an oasis in the heart of the city.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>welovetravel22
<Content>We were very pleased with this lovely hotel We spent a week at Hotel Vitale. The service was friendly and helpful. The rooms and decor were upscale, contemporary, sleek and lovely. We were there as a family of three, and room was a little dangerous for a toddler based on the sophisticated furnishings. (The huge wall length mirror with ledge perfect size for climbing made us very nervous.) However, hotel made a very good effort to accomodate us, bringing a highchair to our room as well as a pack and play for our baby's sleeping. The concierge was very approachable, helpful and full of ideas. My husband and I would definitely stay here again, though not sure we would return with our 18 mo. old child.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JABOTRAVELER
<Content>almost great Lots of nice features. Great free available business center. 2 free morning newspapers. Excellent concierge (Brian). Comfortable room. Good location. Two small problems: no hot water for two consecutive mornings and I left the car with valet around midnight and was told I would probably be charged for only half a day when I left earlyl the next morning. The next morning when I checked out they charged me the full ($49-) valet even though I was led to believe otherwise and wasn't able to take a shower that morning because of lack of hot water.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	-1	5	

<Author>CatPacker
<Content>Had a Wonderful Stay       The view from our window (Bay Bridge)  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>sweetpoppi
<Content>A different side of San Fran.... I was hesitant about booking this hotel as it was not in a central location, however after having stayed in many San Fran hotels even the 5 star seemed to be a bit lackluster/old and this place seemed fresh/new.I loved the room it was fabulous, modern, clean, relaxing. I could not have asked for more. The hallways are also very quiet, dimly lit, pleasing to the eye. The staff are really pleasant from the concierge to the maids, check-inThe hotel is a few blocks down from Union Sq which you may think a disadvantage but for us we discovered a whole new side of San Fran. We spent our mornings well luchtime actually at The Ferry Building which is across the street and has great casual dining and our evenings in the same area. 'Slanted Door' fab vietnemese/fusion food, 'Boulevard' across the street ranked as one of San Frans' best restaurants.We went to Union Sq one day and I was so glad to get back to the hotel, the water....so relaxing.I did think by the website that this hotel was a spa resort directly on the water it's not, there isn't a spa just one treatment room. I will advise you that there isn't much of a downstairs lobby area to hang out in either and the only disappointment I had was the bar/restaurant area. I went their one evening after dinner and it was full of drunken kids, I guess they also open their doors to the main street so anyone can walk in. Otherwise super city hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GinNorway
<Content>Our new favorite place to stay in San Francisco We absolutely loved our stay at Hotel Vitale. Besides the hotel being in a prime location close to one of our favorite spots, the Ferry Building, the service was excellent. The staff was cheerful and incredibily helpful and we experienced no snobbery even though we had too small children with us in such a chic hotel. We loved the modern design of the rooms, and the extra touches like CD's with a CD player, a great book in the bedside table about dining in San Francisco, and the mini-bar stocked with gourmet edibles (not your usual Snickers bars and Lays potoato chips). We will definitely be staying here on our next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Undertheoaks
<Content>Prime location Great hotel. Contemporary, friendly, very stylish. Excellent location with everything close by and some amazing views of the bridge. Only downside was that the bar closes early. Everything else great.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AmscrayDeliu
<Content>Comfort... I am always a bit skeptical reading reviews even though most had great things to say about this Hotel. I am so glad I took the chance! This Hotel is all about comfort with an Excellent staff, Friendly and Professional. We felt very special staying at Hotel Vitale even if it were just for one night. It's in a great location, close to everything...though you may just feel like staying in for the night. Romance is sure to be in the air, the rooms are beautiful with spectacular views to match. We couldn't ask for a nicer Hotel. Book it, you won't be disappointed. Thanks Hotel Vitale, you're our new home away from home 3  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Challenger007
<Content>***** Star Service SO much has been said about this property already, but I am happy to report The Hotel Vitale is my new found fave in San Francisco. I'm usually a creature of habit, but decided to give Hotel Vitale a try. I always love walking along the water, visiting the Ferry Building and Farmers Market, Dining, Shopping, Exploring-and this property makes a great base to experience the best of San Francisco. The service was incredible from the moment I arrived. I felt genuinely welcomed by the Valet  Bell staff, Front Desk etc. The Concierges are !!outstanding!! and every recommendation was spot on. The Vitale attracts a nice diverse all ages mix of people (singles, families, couples) and is such a comfortable place to stay and relax. I was truly surprised at the quality of staff, quality of food, and water view/s at reasonable prices. The Vitale has a cozy Lounge and stylish Restaurant offering some truly delectable food and delightful service, and let us not forget about the simple comfortable rooms complete with every amenity.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macdeb
<Content>Best service I've ever gotten After seeing their lovely website, I had high expectations for the Hotel Vitale, and my expectations were surpassed. The room (an Urban Suite) was large and flanked with a full curving wall of windows that afforded city views. The decor is lovely and calming (if a little trendy), and all the materials used are high-quality. The bedding was beautiful and comfortable; towels and robes big and soft; iPod stereo a nice touch. (I would have liked a DVD player for the TV, but that's a minor thing.) The deep soaking tub, placed to have views of the night sky, was heavenly. Room service, ordered at 11pm, was fast and tasty.But where the Hotel Vitale really impressed me was with the service of the staff. They were unobtrusive but friendly and accommodating. My suitcase had broken, and after I had checked out, they stored my things until I could get another suitcase, then guided me to a private area to change out my bags and offered to dispose of the old one. Then they fetched me a cab and even gave me a bottle of water to take to the airport with me. I felt comfortable and well taken care of.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ruchelaya
<Content>Very solid choice Hotel Vitale is a beautiful hotel if you like modern architecture and fittings. We chose it for New Year's Eve specifically because it has a rooftop location overlooking the fireworks on the Embarcadero. We also chose it because we were travelling with 4 kids, and we needed 2 queen beds per room. Vitale fit the bill, plus it had good reviews.The bad:1. Our check in did not go smoothly. We had asked for rooms near each other, if not connecting. When we arrived, the girl at the front desk was completely clueless, first telling us that nothing like that was available, snapping at me when I asked if we could upgrade to make it available, and finally giving us precisely what we had asked for and arranged for in advance. It was very odd. 2. To make matters worse, once our kids went to their room, they discovered that someone else was already in that room. Nice shock for our children. I tried calling from our room to tell them the problem, but no one answered the phone - twice. I then went down to the front desk to tell them, and there was no apology - again strange. Just a response that there must have been a computer glich. Duh. The kids ended up being on an entirely different floor from us - and no compensation for the aggravation, etc.3. The rooms are SMALL!!!! The smallest on our California trip (we stayed in 5 different places). That might be standard for California, but the last time - many many moons ago - we stayed at the Clift and our room was enormous. So if you want roominess, you may want to look elsewhere.4. Location was perfect for us, but may not work for most tourist's needs. It's right across from the Embarcadero and the market, which is fun. It's near the financial district, but it's not at all naer Union Square, etc. But we love walking, and we walked a ton.The good:1. Other than that one person at check-in, service was very nice. They had a lot to deal with considering it was New Year's and the hotel was mobbed, as was the outside areas. They did a great job of keeping the hotel festive but not insane - e.g. noise had to stop by 1:00 a.m. 2. There is no better place from where to watch the fireworks. The roof was absolutely great, for teens and adults alike.3. The rooms are very nice, beds are comfortable, finishes are nice (TV, faucets, etc.).4. Valet parking was exremely prompt.5. Housekeeping was great - turndown service was nice at night, and they were very accomodating (giving extra for our 4 kids, e.g.)  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	1	-1	5	

<Author>tgl
<Content>Good Hotel I stayed at the Hotel Vitale the first Thursday night of 2008 as part of a quick business trip. I arrived at Oakland International and rode Bart to get to the hotel. I was checked into the room less than one hour after stepping off the plane. Bart cost $6.55 including the $3.00 for the bus transfer from airport to Colosseum Bart Station. The hotel was about three blocks from the Embarcadero Bart Station and is in a modern building.Walking in, the doorman opened the sturdy wooden front door for me and I found my self at the front desk. Check in took about 5 minutes. Halls were moderately dim but tastefully decorated. Rooms are well marked. I was in a King room on the 2nd floor (242) facing Steuart St. The room has commercial grade carpet, a long desk, one office chair, one lounge chair and the king bed. There is an in-room bar and snack tray with unmarked prices that I did not sample. The television is a flat panel above the desk and is about 24 inches with a standard remote and cable. There is a closet that had two bathrobes (soft linen, comfy). A small alcove hid the iron and ironing board.The internet access was both wired and wireless. Either choice was free, just agree to pay $0.00 online, and you were in with pretty speedy web access. I chose wired access as the wireless was unencrypted. There was a much appreciated row of power plugs at the desk level for computer, cell phone etc. The night stand had a stereo-clock radio-MP3-CD player with a docking station probably for an Ipod and a remote control. There was a selection of 5 CD's of music. It mysteriously came on twice by itself during my evening there and required a few minutes of twiddling to turn off. It was on when I came back from dinner, but that time probably from the turn-down service.The bed was comfortable with 4 enormous down pillows. The linens were fine, but the bed was curiously short sheeted--nothing that couldn't be remedied by undoing the meticulous job the maid did before my arrival. Towels were many in the bathroom that had a combination tub shower with shower curtain, sink with reasonably sized counter and toilet. The floor and walls were tiled. There was a can of 90% oxygen in the bathroom. The price for breaking the seal was $69.95!Walls and windows did not keep out the traffic noises either on the street or in the hallway, but I did not hear any neighbors. Twice after 10 PM, I heard trucks doing trash dumpster collecting. Both occasions were loud and lasted about 5-10 minutes.There was a small business center down the hall with three computer stations and a printer, no charge. The fitness center contained three or four machines with individual small TV's.Breakfast in the restaurant was quite good. The prices ranged from about $9 to $19. There was no free option.Check out was painless. My breakfast charge did not make it to the final bill by my checkout, but the clerk promised to email the final bill to me. I have not yet received it after 36 hours, but I am sure that they won't forget to bill me. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>jeffdoc
<Content>Perfect For My Short Stay in S.F. I recently spent four nights at the Hotel Vitale and can echo all of the positive comments in the Trip Advisor reviews. This would be my first choice for a business trip or vacation. A few points that I thought were significant. First, location. The Vitale is very easy to get to by car, cab, bus or BART (from the airport). If you're driving, you can avoid many of the hills by driving around the peripheral routes to the Embarcadero (just across from the hotel). This is a real plus. Also, the hotel is just across the road from the Market Building, a great destination for weekend shopping and dining out on the water.The rooms were of good size, well appointed and extremely comfortable. I had a Bay Bridge view room and think it was worth the extra money: you get a wonderful view of the bridge (illuminated by night) and water front from a couch in a window nook. It was perfect for sitting, reading and just looking out the window.The hotel staff were extremely helpful and the neighborhood has many interesting restaurants: my favorite was dim sum at Yank Sing just a block away.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>txtravelchica
<Content>Great Place to stay when visiting San Fran This hotel is all that I hoped for and more! Great views, friendly service and awesome location. The hotel staff couldn't do enough for me. They made me feel comfortable immediately and that anything I needed would be at my fingertips. It was difficult to find a con but if I had to choose one it would be the noise level of the bar that can heard in the lobby. Really it wasn't that loud. This hotel is wonderful and romantic....did I mention a great view and great location? Will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HollyMoore
<Content>Have found my "San Francisco Hotel" I chose the Hotel Vitale for its location - across the street from the Ferry Building and the open air farmer's market. Location is reason enough to return.The bonus is the hotel itself - welcoming and friendly, yet professional and detail focused. During check-in the front desk volunteered to move me to a higher floor and a spectacular view the next day when a sixth floor room became available. From the second day on the valets remembered my car. A bellman showed me where the ice machine was hidden so I wouldn't have to call for ice. Everyone was determined to provide service above and beyond... and they did.My room was impeccable. The rain-shower in the bathroom, awesome. My one room service order served promptly, hot and well prepared.A minor complaint that I hope the Hotel Vitale management will consider. The hotel offers free internet service and free it is. Also slow. They offer an upgrade to high speed for $9.95 a day. Charge a little more for the room and throw in the high speed internet and I won't complain. Offer me free internet and then nickel dime me for decent speed internet and I take issue. One other nit - a hip hotel like this and no Comedy Channel on the cable line-up for the Daily Show or Cobert Report? Hopefully there will be a new internet policy when I return next spring. Either way I will be returning on a regular basis.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>TravelGirl29
<Content>A Great Relaxing Hotel        View from the roof  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	4	5	

<Author>Katy7109
<Content>Not A Good Value! We spent a night last weekend at the Hotel Vitale. The location is great -- across the street from the Embarcadero  the Ferry Building/farmer's market. We took long walks -- to North Beach and Coit Tower in the morning, and to Union Square in the afternoon. The hotel has a hipster feel, and nice design -- although the bar was crowded with a large tour group of some sort on Saturday afternoon. The rooms are stocked with soap, shampoo, and lotion by Fresh, which we loved. Overall, however, we were not very impressed with the service and feel of the hotel. Most glaringly, we were awakened in the middle of the night by two telephone calls -- both times the line went dead when we picked up the phone. When we called the front desk to find out what was going on, the manager haughtily told us he was trying to check another party into our room and they had no record of us ever checking in. What is your name? he demanded. When we told him, he said he had no record of us signing the check-in card. Again, he told us that other people were trying to check into our room, but that the hotel computer would not allow him to check them in. Sleepily, we tried to make sense of all this -- and were finally able to disengage, but it was upsetting in the middle of the night. We had a hard time getting back to sleep! The next morning, when we asked for an extra half hour after check-out, we were given a firm no. I wouldn't stay here again, and for the price, one might expect a nicer attitude.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	3	3	

<Author>WDCTraveler07
<Content>Adored the Hotel Vitale!! We started our 1st anniversary vacation trip to California in San Francisco and decided to stay at Hotel Vitale because of its excellent reviews on Trip Advisor and its selection as a top hotel in Conde Nast Traveler. We couldn't have begun our trip in a better way. We were extremely impressed with all aspects of the Hotel Vitale. The welcome staff, including the valet, bell services and front desk, were friendly and knowledgeable, and treated us like VIPs. We were welcomed in our room with champagne and a lovely note from the hotel staff congratulating us on our anniversary - this was a wonderful surprise and a very thoughtful gesture. When we returned after exploring the city, the housekeeping staff had turned down our room, scattered rose petals on our (incredibly comfortable) bed and also left us an anniversary card! The knowledgeable concierge provided us with dinner recommendations and arranged for our excursion to Alcatraz. We also learned from friends who lived in the city that Hotel Vitale was one of their favorites and that they would heartily recommend it to out of town visitors - this only confirmed what we had already experienced at Hotel Vitale, that it is one of the best hotels that we have stayed at anywhere in the world. Our only regret was that we could not have stayed longer to continue to be treated with such warmth and professionalism. Thank you so much for a truly memorable stay!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hasal
<Content>Set the standards high for the rest of the hotels we stayed at We started a 14-day vacation with 5 days in San Francisco at this fantastic hotel. From the minute we entered the hotel lobby we recieved a friendly welcome from the Bell men to the Front Desk where we were upgraded (without even asking) to an unbeliveable room with a panaramic view of the ocean and the Bay Bridge. Our room had a soaking tub, a separate room with a spacious glass encased shower with a rain spout and double sinks and another spacious separate room with the toilet and another sink. Our king bed was extremely comfortable and the room came with a flat screen tv/bose sound system and soothing cd's were left by the bed. There were two sets of Robes and slippers awaiting us and the turn down service at night always left a supply of complimentary water with chocolates on the pillow and an update of the next day's weather. The hotel had a media room with complimentary use of computers for the guests. There was always complimentary fresh coffee waiting for us in the lobby in the morning. The workout room was very clean and a nice size and we enjoyed massages at the spa. We enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant downstairs and their outdoor dining with the firepit was a nice touch. The location of the hotel to the ferry building and the sunrises from the balcony were fabulous. The concierge Jackie was extremely helpful in getting us into a romantic restaurant at the last minute and we have to give a special THANKS to Lucky Sanabria who took the time to notice the wine we were drinking at the Wine'd Down Hour that the hotel offered and sent a complimentary bottle to our room. This would have to be my favorite hotel and we travel a lot. I look forward to coming back to San Francisco and staying at the Hotel Vitale where the service is friendly yet professional!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DBOnline
<Content>Best Hotel in San Francisco Stayed at the Vitale for 3 nightsafter a couple of other hotels we wanted to stay in were full, it was a blessing in disguise. It was fleet week with beautiful weather so the whole city was packed to the rafters. The location is perfect opposite the marketplace. Fantastic bar which is always buzzing and very reasonably priced for a hotel bar.Photos of the room don't do them justice, the colours and materials used are top quality. Fantastic bed and linen, plus lovely tolietries. Rooms are a fantastic size by SFO standards, plus a great turndown service. Have eaten here on a previous stay and the food was very good, although it is noisy as its attached to the very busy bar area.Only criticism was not squuezing in a small lap pool which would have been amazing on the roof. Can't wait to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sjtenem
<Content>Great Stay at the Vitale Just got back from a great weekend in san fran  napa valley. We stayed at the Hotel Vitale for our San Fran portion of the trip. It was our anniversary so they decorated the bed and floor with rose petals, had a bottle of champagne waiting on ice, as well as 2 separate anniversary cards wishing us well from the staff. The room was spacious, extremely well kept and clean. Bathroom was large with GREAT amenities---all Fresh brand products. We loved the sleek decorations of the hotel and the lavender smell all thoughout.Hotel is in great area of san fran, lots of good restaurants are close by in walking distance which is nice. Great views of the bay bridge. We got couples massages which were amazing, probably the best massage I've ever gotten (and I've gotten alot). We also took advantage of the roof top deep soak tub which was a great experience. They decorated the tub with rose petals, candles, gave you hot tea/water/ chilled fruit and cucumbers. The hotel also has 2 other rooftop areas where you can go and hang out which is nice and open to the whole hotel. The only downside I would say is the valet ---- very slow in getting your car even when you call ahead the day before to put a request in. Other than that, our stay was terrific at the hotel and I would highly recommend it  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CloudNine49
<Content>Hotel Vitale, the perfect place for our 30th anniversary! We didn't know anything about Hotel Vitale, other than a few reviews I read online, when we made the reservations through Expedia.com . In the past when I visited San Francisco on business trips, I always stayed at the Fairmont Hotel on the Nob Hill. Although I enjoyed the Fairmont, I was ready to experience something different for our 30th wedding anniversary, and the location of the hotel, more than anything else, intrigued me. And I am happy to report that the decision was a good one.Unlike myself who has visited San Francisco regularly over the past 28 years after living there for three years in the late 1970s, my husband had not been back since 1993. But even I was surprised at the transformation of the Embarcadero district. We loved the Port of San Francisco (POSF) Farmers' Market on Saturday morning and all the shops inside the POSF building. The morning coffee and a croissant on Saturday morning overlooking the bay and with a view of the Bay Bridge and the Golden Gate Bridge was priceless!There are many new restaurants in the area that are highly rated. Thursday night when we first arrived at the hotel, we were told that there was 1 to 1.5 hours wait at all these places so I recommend an advance reservation.The hotel is very new with clean, modern design. Liked the way it has the business center and fitness center on each floor. The view from our hotel room on the 2nd floor was beautiful. The clock tower of the POSF and a section of Bay Bridge were so close, I felt as if I could reach out and touch them. The turn down service was excellent and the Concierge was helpful with our dinner reservations.We walked from the hotel to Pier 39 and then to the Ghiradelli Square before riding a cable car into downtown. San Francisco is still my favorite city in the world and Hotel Vitale made it even better. Viva, Hotel Vitale!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macbale
<Content>top service, gorgeous modern, hip and stylish yet relaxing hotel This is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in.My husband and I stayed at the Vitale for four nights for the first part of our honeymoon last month.The service is amazing, they treat you like royalty! the hotel is clean, hip, decor is gorg, it's relaxing, yet has a busy bar, amazing open top baths on the hotel roof and fantastic views of the bay bridge.We checked in after a long flight from London and the staff at reception were very kind and welcoming. There was a bottle of champagne, a card and flowers for our honeymoon in the room and they had scattered rose petals on the bed in the shape of a heart!reception then phoned us to make sure we were ok and booked dinner for us at a lovely restaurant across the road. it was a lovely touch and saved us having to find a place to eat.our room had a gorg view of the bay bridge and a really comfy lounger chair you could lie on and enjoy the view.the mini bar is fully stocked and there's a whole tray of goodies and snacks including chocolate , little cakes and mints.there's a turn down service every night where they bring you chilled water, turn down your bed and bring you little chocolates. and a little weather chart for the next day.we didn't go to the bar, we ate out most days, but it's always packed and is obviously the place to go!we had massages in the lovely spa on the eight floor, which is so relaxing and luxurious. we had open top baths on the roof top where you lie in hot water overflowing from the bath, surrounded by bamboo with little candles around you, cucumber for your eyes, herbal tea and fresh fruit.the hotel is just ten mins walk from union square (some great places for breakfast - go to the world famous sears and the american diner across the road on the corner) the shops there are fantastic. it's about 20 mins walk to pier 39 and the bars, cafes etc. we strolled along there a few times and cycled across the goldengate bridge, sailed out to alcatraz and ate food and had beer on the pier.it's about 15 mins the other direction along the water to the baseball, another fab night out!overall loved san fran and loved the vitale - will definitely be back  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dp123
<Content>Really really nice hotel Can't believe that this hotel is so low on the list it is really really nice. Very much a boutique hotel but with good sized room and amazing service - could not do enough for you. Also free WiFi. Go here - enjoy it is a great great place  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kretchy
<Content>Great Experience What a great hotel experience. The restaurant had very good food and a happening bar scene around happy hour. Great breakfast! The concierge was extremely helpful!!!!!!! The room was modest yet hip. They even had free champaigne and 10 min massages in the lobby one night. How can you beat that. I highly recommend this hotel and we will definately stay there again on our next trip to sf.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kat159
<Content>Great hotel and location       Bedroom  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Anne_V.T
<Content>Perfect choice to explore SF       View of the ferry building from our room  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>A-non-o-mouse
<Content>Decent hotel, but have stayed at many better 'hip hotels' Stayed here for the first 3 nights of a two week stay in California. Check in was efficient, although it was a Friday night and the Americano is somewhat of a night club on Friday, Saturday nights so it was very loud (difficult to hear what the receptionist was saying 2 feet in front of me at the front desk). No problem though 鈥?the room was quiet enough (quieter would have been nicer though).Although the room was fine, it was not outstanding at all (from other reviews there are clearly nicer rooms).The bed was very good.Had a good massage at the spa 鈥?which was also not bad value for a hotel. Had lunch at the restaurant (Americano) which was fine 鈥?lots of better places in the city to eat of course.Had a few drinks on Saturday night in the Bar/Patio outside 鈥?not overly impressed by the waitress鈥?service. Did not think much of the scene/vibe or whatever you want to call it either. Seemed it did not quite know what it wants to be 鈥?cool/hip, family/touristy, office parties, weddings鈥?br/>Having lived in the states and ravelled throughout, this comes in pretty average on all counts.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Twinb1964
<Content>A Slice of Heaven! This is one of the best experiences I have had with a hotel. The attention to detail was fantastic!! I don't think there is a bad room in the place!! The staff was accomodating and pleasant. The decore is wonderful and the linens are so comfortable. I wonderful place to stay!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fitzy2
<Content>AMAZING!! This hotel was brilliant - really was an excellent 4 star. The location was perfect to get around san fran, the views of the bay were excellent, and the general atmosphere in the hotel was so relaxing. Highly recommend this hotel when in san fran - we'll be staying there again!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>psp7
<Content>Room with a View I've never stayed in the same San Francisco hotel twice (I've stayed in over a dozen different hotels at this point), but I do plan to return to the Vitale. While other hotels in San Francisco boast more luxuries, the Vitale has a good price to amenities ratio. It's modern with free WiFi that actually works; the location is excellent, and the views are stunning. I had a large enough corner room with a delightful view of the Ferry Building and the Bay Bridge. A few things worth mentioning if you are considering staying here: many rooms, even the more expensive ones (I had a waterfront room at over $400/night) do NOT have bathtubs. The room service breakfast leaves a lot to be desired, and the Fresh bathroom products (sugar lemon) left me feeling like I'd been working too long at a children's lemonade stand. The staff are very nice, although they don't always get things that count right (check in and out has it's glitches). Also unless you are interested in a pick up scene, the downstairs bar is not for you. That being said, the mini bar is excellent and with the sofa and view from my room, as well as the private terraces for guests, there are plenty of places for that quite beverage with a view.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>advisorrace
<Content>discrimination The mistreatment of the prolific professor Ngugi Wa Thiong'o at Hotel Vitale in San Francisco, California. This incident occurred on November 10, 2006. The hotel worker in question still works at Vitale, where he continues his racist behaviors towards Black guests under the support of Hotel managers.By Ngugi Wa Thiong'o I checked into Hotel Vitale on Thursday, 9th November in room 640. The following morning, Friday 10th, I went for a brunch and a walk at the water front and then came back into the hotel, at around 1pm, lunch time, took a newspaper, San Francisco Chronicle, at Concierge's desk and went into a nice porch in the Americano, the hotel's restraunt, where I sat and read while also enjoying a nice view of the ferry and waterfrontfrom the window. I was all alone in the porch. A white man, about 5' 4, dressed in a gray suit stood in front of me.This place is for guests of the hotel. You have to leave,  he said.At first I was intrigued by his words: how did he arrive at the conclusion that I was Not aguest of the hotel? So I asked him: How do you know that I am not a guest of the hotel?You have to leave. This is for guests of the hotel.But how do you know that I am not a guest? I asked him again.You have to leave.But you have not even asked me if I am staying in the hotel'Okay. Are you staying at the hotel?'The tone and demeanor was of a man who had made up his mind that I could not have beena guest.Let's us go to the reception desk, I told him.It is not necessary, he said. Just leave.Who are you? What is your name? I now asked remembering that the man had not even identified himself.It is not necessary, He replied curtly. Just leave.This is sheer harassment. You find me reading a newspaper peacefully. You don't identifyyourself. You don't ask if I am a guest. And you refuse to identify yourself. And now you afraid of going to the Reception desk?Why?After a few more exchanges, repeating the things, he says: Okay, let's go.By this time, I am fuming with rage, The man strides towards the reception desk. I also getthere and ask the staff to check whether or not I was the occupant of room 640. Even before any of the aghast staff had said anything, the man had started apologizing. But I kept on asking him: How could he do what he did? Find me reading a newspaper that the Concierge had given me, and proceed with such emotional violence on my person?The lobby manager, a David (?) recognized me as the Random House guest, and started apologizing for the behaviour of the man, whom I assumed by now to be the Restaurant Manager, and who by then had had left the scene. No explanation about his conduct. The Lobby manager went to get the Hotel Manager who came down and apologized for what he termed as some misunderstanding.But it was not a misunderstanding, I said. I was quietly reading a newspaper when he accosted me.Okay, for his behaviour. David will get you a room,But I have got a room. Room 640. I checked in last night.Oh! I am sorry! Is there anything we can do to make up?You need to talk to your man, not me.Yes, I shall, but are you sure there is nothing we can do to make up? A massage? A whiskey?It was clear to me that even the Hotel Manager did not understand the depth of the emotional violence on me by a member of his staff.I went back to my room called Katherine Freeman and asked to change the hotel. I moved to St Francis Westin.Words alone cannot describe the horror of the occasion, the emotional violation I experienced but time will heal it.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kate_BB
<Content>Loved it! I stayed in Vitale per one week and I've to say I loved every minute of it. The room isn't very large but it's very comfortable, especially the bed sheets.The only thing I have to object about the room, is the lack of 2 chairs in which 2 people can sit to have breakfast (I ordered room service) together.The room was not at all noisy, I think we might have gotten the partial bay view rooms.When we arrived the room wasn't ready yet and they told us that you would be ready at 3 o'clock. We came in at 3.30 pm but the room was still not ready. However they offered us a drink at the bar until the room was ready (took about half an hour).I especially apreciated the hotel internet service: it has 4 computers with free internet access and a printer, so if you dont't have your laptop with you, you're still able to access internet.The location was great for me has it was close to the financial center and near the BART/muni station. ~However if you plan to shop and you're looking for a more lively area at night you should stay near Union Square (lots of hotels there).  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AngelenoTraveler
<Content>Hip Comfort in the heart of the Embarcadero       Concave window that leads to tub area  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cheeks0423
<Content>Nice, but I don't know about 5 stars We just stayed at the hotel vitale on July 28th for one night. It is a very nice property but please do not confuse this with the Ritz or Four Seasons. The service was good not great. The rooms were well appointed, we stayed on a room overlooking the bay and the bridge, very beautiful but definitely noisy and we were on the 6th floor! They give you a noise machine to block it out, but at this price point should you really need a noise machine? You are facing the Embarcadero and motorcycles drive up and down this all night ...yes even at 3am! The decor is earthy and trendy... minimilistic. Beware of the parking charge $42.00! And the occupancy tax on top of the other taxes! It pushed the cost to well over $400 a night! I think for that price I would rather just stay at the Ritz or Four Seasons. The location of this hotel is very good as you are close to a lot as long as you like to walk a bit. Overall nice, good experience, not great.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>dandahale
<Content>Ab Fab What a place. Its trendy and hip, even for forty somethings with a teenager in tow. Some confusion about the room, not the hotels fault, we were offered free drinks, and two free breakfasts in compensation. Great location, just off the Embarcadero. 30 mins walk to Fisherman's Wharf, if you can't catch a streetcar.Recommend Boulevard restaurant across the road, but not cheap  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>90dawgs
<Content>Great Hotel, be careful about the location of your room We recently stayed at Hotel Vitale over July 4th. Fabulous hotel, new, hip, chic....Very similar in feel to a W Hotel, only nicer. If you are looking for a mid priced hotel looking at the bay and near the Ferry Building, look no farther. The only negative I would warn travelers about is the noise potential based on the location of your room. The front desk pushed what they call their Bay View rooms, but what they don't tell you is that some are directly over their outdoor restaurant and bar. The night we were there turned out to be extremely busy for the outdoor bar, and the noise was almost unbearable. Even the noise machine located by the bed couldn't drown out the noise. Upon checkout the front desk said their partial bay view rooms and city view rooms were the most quiet. If you do choose to opt for the full bay view, I would recommend you stay on floor 5 or higher.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>redbrid
<Content>Hip, Well Located, Friendly Stayed at Hotel Vitale in June for Father's day. My wife, myself and my two kids (age 12 and 14) aren't really hip enough for this hotel, but we went anyway. We weren't disapointed. We took one of the family suites (one on each floor with two queen beds). Although this place is mostly for the late night see and be seen crowd everyone at the hotel treated us like we were their favorite guests. Special thanks go to the desk clerks who gave us big we're happy to see you again greetings every time we walked through the lobby. The bathtub was big and comfortable (one of my pet issues in hotels) and the amenities provides were more than we expected. Our room was quiet and comfortable. CD's in the room with different kinds of music were a nice touch.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>imaima
<Content>Believe the reviews! Hotel Vitale really is a cut above. The rooms are beautifully furnished, and ours had a spectacular view of the Bay Bridge and Ferry Building. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Often you might expect the staff at high-end chic hotels to be snooty or elitist- the staff here could not have been more helpful and pleasant. The bathrooms are a real treat- waterfall showers, glass walled shower, clean and attractive. However, there is little privacy to be had- the bathroom has an industrial-style sliding door (not a pocket door) with 2 gaps on either side between the wall and door. Anyone passing by the bathroom will be able to see you in the shower!Skip the Americano restaurant unless you're visiting for drinks during the very popular after-work social hours. The menu is very pricey, and while the food is good the restaurant does not live up to its cost. The upholstery was in surprisingly bad shape and the wait staff was so-so. I would highly recommend this hotel to any San Francisco visitors. Be aware that it is a 20-30 minute walk to the touristy Union Square and Pier 39/Fisherman's Wharf areas. The location, however, is adjacent to the financial district and the recently renovated Ferry Building with its many celebrated restaurants.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RedGiraffe
<Content>Left My Heart In San Francisco San Francisco has never really been on my radar as a must visit place. How wrong I was. Without doubt this is now my favourite city on the planet.The warmth and diversity of the people. All filled with civic pride and useful 鈥榳hat to see鈥?tips. The charm and individuality of the neighbourhoods. The vibrancy of the bars and restaurants 鈥︹€︹€︹€︹€?I could go on but this review is really about the hotel.Hotel Vitale is top class. Located in the Mission district right on the Embarcadero it is the perfect start point for exploring the key SF attractions. I booked 2 advance seats on a shared van ride (supershuttle) to get to/from the airport. Reasonable rate at $70 for 2 roundtrip (including tip). This is a first come first served basis but we only had to wait 5 mins. At the airport you have to look for a representative in a green jacket. It is not possible to just deal with the driver. From memory it took about 20 mins in bust traffic.On arrival at the Vitale the bell staff are super friendly and will unload your cases and wait patiently while you check in.Hot towels are offered in the super chic reception area. Front desk staff were very welcoming and offered a free upgrade right from the start. Answered all questions efficiently and provided a city map for orientation.Really nice bell guy showed us to our room and explained that he had only move to SF a year ago and was still experiencing the city like a tourist. He engaged us in a easy conversation about our interests and made various recommendations including a trip to Sausaltio from the ferry building almost directly opposite (do this it is a beautiful place). Would also recommend the evening Alcatraaz trip (book well in advance).This guy鈥檚 helpfulness was only surpassed by the concierge who came up with the perfect options for whatever we requested.Room was immaculate and bathroom was a dream. Walk in rainfall shower and brimming with expensive toiletries. Excellent furnishings and super comfy bed/pillows. CD player with a selection of compilations. Ambient noise maker (whales, running water etc 鈥?nice touch). LCD TV and a well stocked mini bar including a 鈥楲overs鈥?kit 飦? 2nd floor Room with bay view directly over the bar. Agree with all the other comments about the huge happy hour crowds and noise. We didn鈥檛 manage to get an evening drink in the bar but the noise wasn鈥檛 an issue for us as we were generally out late. If you don鈥檛 like noise and like an early night 鈥?book a higher floor if you are on the bay side. The room seemed a bit small after coming from our five room suite in The Hotel at The Mandalay Bay (but what wouldn鈥檛)We had mentioned it was our anniversary. 10 minutes after arrival there was a knock on the door with a bottle of complimentary champagne and a card from the front desk staff. The first glass hadn鈥檛 been emptied before there was another knock which was the housekeeping manager who presented us with a picture frame and another hand written anniversary card. It didn鈥檛 stop there 鈥︹€︹€?The second night saw a fresh bunch of Daff鈥檚 with another card. The last night it was rose petals on the bed. Housekeeping was perfect. Free office / internet service on the second floor. Free yoga class in the gym. Amazing room service.Having stayed in top hotels all over the world I can say that I have never experienced this level of service.You must visit this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>caljoy
<Content>Book the Hotel Vitale it is worth it My husband and I just spent two lovely days at the Hotel Vitale for a get away to San Francisco. What stands out to me is the service and friendliness of the staff. Never a grumpy face, anything we asked for was done with quickness and an of course we can attitude. Truly delightful.The location is my favorite in the city, right on the Embarcadero. We had a Superior King view room on the 7th floor and it was perfect. Just enough of a view to keep me at the window watching the ships on the bay and of course people watching.Friday night did have a huge after work crowd at the bar, but Saturday night was very light.We drank champaigne up on the terrace overlooking the Ferry Building and loved the quiet of the city.We caught a movie that was out in limited release at the Embarcadero center just a short walk away. there are many places to eat, try Delancey Street Restaurant, it is run by recovering addicts and the food is great for a very reasonable price. Yes, hotels in the city can be expensive, but you feel like you are getting your money's worth at the Vitale. From the unigue design of the rooms, to the service and the location.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slinky09
<Content>Awesome place I love this hotel! Arrived off the Virgin flight into SFO and into the cool and calm lobby, which has a great feel, and checked in to the first surprise, they had upgraded us to a panoramic suite and then on showing us up, on a beautiful day, we had to stop and take in the view. It's awesome, as was the suite itself. Very spacious, great fixtures and fittings, loads of space to play, work, relax - you could have a cocktail party in it.I liked the amenities, particularly the Bose Soundock to plug the iPod into (and charge it, which is now just a basic requirement that so many places don't get), the very well stocked mini bar (and not a rip off either), the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom and shower were lovely (though a little more water pressure would be cool), the lobby area a little oddly shaped and not really enough wardrobe space for a long stay, but this was a minor negative.We found the staff charming and attractive. All our requests were efficiently and politely handled. I particularly liked the explanation on check-in of the charges they would apply to my card, I wish many more hotels would be that honest and up front.The views really do make it however, I would strongly advise a waterfront room, when the fog clears and sun comes out, you get a great sense of wellbeing with karma of the place and the light!A week later I came back this time to a deluxe waterfront king, no Soundock but still a great room nonetheless.One thing to be aware of, the bar and outside deck are extremely popular in the early evening, do not bank on getting a table!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>soljc
<Content>My favorite hotel in SF This way my first visit to this hotel, and certainly won't be my last. I booked it based primarily on what a friend described as her favorite place to stay in SF, which pretty much describes it for me too.The hotel is in a great location, at least in my opinion, along the Embarcadero area, and at night, I found it to be quieter and safer than other areas I've stayed. The staff were all helpful and incredibly courteous. I asked for a toothbrush, and they called me two minutes later to say the valet was outside my door but wouldn't knock because I had a do not disturb sign on the outside. I opened the door and found him with 2 toothbrushes.I stayed in one of the panoramic suites and found the room to be well appointed with a bit of a modern touch. I loved the rainfall shower and the bathroom in general, and the soaking tub is great for a romantic getaway (I've taken probably 3 baths in the last 10 years of my life, two of which were at Hotel Vitale). The views from the panoramic suite were stunning.Breakfast in the Americano Restaurant was a bit disappointing and overpriced, but even still, I do not hesitate to give this hotel 5 stars. I'll be back, for sure.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>woowoowoowoo
<Content>Simply Awesome!!!!! All I can say is WOW WOW WOW!!!!!!! I booked a circular suite (7th floor - the highest one available) because of a) a king bed, b) the view and c) the soaking tub. The hotel is extremely calm and peaceful, and it smells good everywhere you go. What really sets it apart, though, is the service. My husband and I are here celebrating our anniversary. I mentioned this when booking the room. We arrived 3 hours before check in, and the woman at the front desk was extremely friendly and polite. As it turned out, our room was ready (we were expecting to have to store our luggage). The view of the bay bridge is absolutely incredible. Around 10 minutes after we got into our room, (the luggage was brought up immediately following), a bellhop arrived with a bottle of sparkling wine, glasses, a plate with strawberries, grapes, dates, a fresh apricot and apple and a card that said how much the hotel appreciated our staying there. We (of course!) drank and ate, and then wandered out to the ferry building and down the Embarcadero. We returned a few hours later to find a vase filled with fresh flowers, roses and stargazer lilies (I think...I'm no flower expert but they smell really good) and a handwritten hallmark card wishing us a happy anniversary and signed from the housekeeping staff. We felt incredibly well taken care of and are so impressed at how far everyone went out of their way to make us feel special. As all of the previous reviews have stated, the bath products smell better than anything, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The automatic shades are awesome too - the sun would have woken us waaaay to early if not for those. One last note - we do not regularly spend $700. on a hotel room - this was a splurge for our anniversary. We will be returning to SF after a conference and staying at thbe 4 Seasons (also a splurge for us). I have doubts that they could ever beat our experience here....but we'll see! By the way....I'm writing this from the hotel as we wait for our massage appointments at 11 am.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StacySeattle
<Content>Mostly Great I've stayed at this hotel 3 times so far this year for business. Overall I'm extremely pleased with this hotel. The valet and front desk folks are very pleasant and helpful. The rooms (standard) are very comfortable with nice bedding, very clean bathrooms and a nice layout. I very much appreciate the free in-room internet access. I should know how the gym is, but I'm apparently too lazy to walk down the hall.Couple of places for improvement:1.) The wait for room service can sometimes be 45 minutes or more. Even on weeknights. Even for just a salad and a dessert.2.) The towels in the bathroom are awful. Very thin and very scratchy. I can never understand why I can get towels at Target for cheap that are 10x better and hotels rarely have soft towels. At $200+ per night I expect nice towels.And something that I don't fault the hotel for, but FYI - the bar at the onsite restaurant is this yuppy singles spot starting right after work. Makes me disinterested in eating there for dinner - after a long day of trying to impress people at the office the last thing I want to worry about is impressing strangers. But there are plenty of food options in the neighborhood, and the food via room service (once it gets to you) is great, so not a big deal.I've never stayed anywhere else in SF so can't really compare it to anything. But overall am very pleased with it.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>margo1116
<Content>Great Location and Views, but...... My husband and I checked into the Hotel Vitale for a getaway weekend to San Francisco. We had heard that the hotel was terrific and certainly well located...right across from the Ferry Building at the Embarcadero. As we pulled up to the valet, I got the impression that this was another one of these chic, hip hotels when I saw lots of 20 and 30 somethings in head to toe black. Our room was exactly as promised....lovely view, nice king bed and modern bathroom with Fresh amenities. As I began to look a little closer, however, I noticed a fairly heavily stained carpet, and a rather austere look to the room. I sat in a comfy chair near the window while my husband was connecting our laptop. While reading, I realized that I was hearing lots of conversation and chatter. I looked out the window and there was the 20 something crowd just a few floors down enjoying a very busy happy hour. The noise was disturbing, so we called downstairs to request a room on a higher floor. We were told that there were no other rooms similar to the one we had booked, but the front desk was suggesting that we take a room without a view and that we would be credited for the difference in price. We decided at that point that we did not want to stay at the hotel anyway....it just seemed like it might not fit our style. We're a well traveled couple in our early 50's and we've stayed at lots of different style hotels...but this was not exactly the kind of warm, inviting hotel that we usually stay at. True, the views are lovely and the location superb.....but at these prices, I want a quiet, clean room that is really catering to my needs. Next time, I'll opt for the non-trendy hotel. We were lucky to be reimbursed for our deposit and moved elsewhere.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Camdenicks
<Content>Great stay during our honeymoon My partner and I booked a suite for a 2 night stay during our honeymoon in Jan 07, and had the most amazing time. We were put in a suite on the 7th (top) floor, and the 270' view really is as amazing as the website indicates. So many staff members congratulated us on our civil union, in a friendly-but-not-intrusive kind of way. We were given a complimentary bottle of champagne, rose petals were scattered on our bed -- all in, we were made to feel special.Breakfast in the room is served elegantly, and is super high quality. We very rarely take baths, instead preferring the shower, but we couldn't resist this one, with its view of the Bay Bridge.Absolutely recommended.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hillstar
<Content>Best Hotel in S.F. My wife and I stayed at the Vitale at the end of March. We had the best stay. The staff were very helpful. The hot towels at check-in were a great touch. Our room was spacious with a killer view of the Bay Bridge. The bathroom was luxurious with the RainForest shower and premium FRESH bath products were amazing. The Friday happy hour was packed (almost too packed to get a drink, but oh well!). We didn't eat at the Americano restaurant but I heard from another guest it wasn't that good. Everything else was perfect. The location of the hotel can't be beat. You are right across from the Ferry Building and 2 blocks to the F-Line or BART. We will definetly stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SMUstangs77
<Content>Hotel = Wonderful; Bartenders = the worst...ever While I am a resdent of San Francisco, my company's local office frequently hosts events for associates from around the world. We recently hosted one such event and I was put up in the hotel--to my wife's changrin. It was a nice stay. The room was great, the atmosphere was wonderful and the location superb. My only complaint is the service in the restaurant. At the end of each day, everyone would meet downstairs for a couple of cocktails before going out to eat. For an entire week, we all had the worst bar service...ever. Slow, unresponsive with a lackluster approach to customer service that borders on maligned. I find it astounding that Hotel Vitale is unable/unaware to rectify this problem. Waiting for service while the bartenders talk it up with each other and the general waitstaff at the expense of paying customers is just wrong--every day for 6 days straight is astounding really.WMHSan Francisco  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	4	1	1	

<Author>mrusk05
<Content>Fantastic in many ways The Hotel Vitale is amazing for many reasons. It has about as perfect a location as you could desire as it is super close to almost all the public transport in SF and is right on the Embarcadero. Its location directly across from the Ferry Building is a huge bonus for people who love delicious restaurants and beautiful food-related shops.Staying at the Vitale is a relaxing experience from the minute you walk in the door. The hotel lobby is modern and beautiful, and the entire hotel has a delicate spa-like smell. The rooms are well-appointed with a comfortable bed, flat-screen TV and lovely bathroom. The rooms are modern and very clean. If you don't mind paying a premium, get a room with Bay views. I didn't try the spa, but if the hotel itself is anything to go by, I am sure it is great.The staff are professional and friendly and you feel like they are really happy that you are staying with them. There are a lot of hotels to choose from in San Francisco, and this is definitely one to consider.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>KC6270
<Content>Wish I could move in!!! I booked this hotel based on the past reviews and I can say the past travelers did not lie!I booked this room for one night on the way out of SF. We went to Napa Valley and spent one night at the end of our trip in SF. It was for my husband's birthday so I booked the nicer King room, which I believe is the King Deluxe Waterview room. When we arrived, they upgraded us (for no reason) to the King Circular Suite. This room was AWESOME!!!! I hope that some of you are lucky enough to enjoy this room!!! The room was very big and spacious, it had 6 picture windows overlooking the Bay Bridge and the Ferry Building. Aside from the great views, these rooms have great features such as the rainshower, a Bose stereo, flat panel TV, remote control window shades (this may be particular to this room), high quality linens....The list goes on! The location is great and close to everything - we had a car but I can't imagine anyone having problems seeing the sites from this location. The staff was very friendly and welcoming upon our arrival and anytime we had a question.I wouldn't hestitate to recommend this hotel to anyone!!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>sirius99
<Content>Excellent Hotel In our 16 days trip in US we have stayed in 7 different hotels and Vital was by far the best one.Because: a) the general atmosphere and energy of the hotel was superb. b) the service was excellent; personnel has been very attentive and at the same time simple, gentle and efficient c) decoration was very nice both in the room and the public areas of the hotel d) location very convenientWe stayed (three nights) in a room facing the back of the building and a roof with ventilators etc. We wanted a very quiet room and after checking two other rooms ended in this room without view but cozy and indeed very quiet and (we preferred that over a room facing Mission Street with window from floor to ceiling which we felt less cosy and more exposed).Room was spacious and very clean, the bed very good (but not excellent), nice bathroom, all the standard amenities plus free wireless internet and flat TV. (rooms looks better in reality then in the hotel鈥檚 website.We had breakfast in Americano which was ok (nothing special) but lacked fresh orange juice, cheese, ham etc that we usually eat in Europe.We are very happy to have discover this excellent hotel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>WheelingandDealing
<Content>Great Experience at the Vitale While planning a quick two night trip to SF I was impressed with the Hotel Vitale's web sight and after talking to a friend who lives in the Bay area, I decided to book a room.I was not disappointed one time during my stay...I found the staff professioinal and courteous. Had a great room on the 8th floor over looking the bridge. The room was comfortable yet stylish .....recently some of the hotel rooms have taken on an almost cookie cutter appearance....all the W's, Ritz etc. have the same general appearance regardless of the city. This was not the case at the Vitale.Previously I have stayed at the Campton and the Clift among others....although they were not an unpleasant experience, there was also nothing memorable about them. Enjoyed the energy of the hotel and will be going back soon.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JulieQS
<Content>Best hotel in San Francisco We booked the hotel primarily for it's location across from the Ferry Building so we could roll out of bed, go for a run then SHOP the Saturday farmers' market. Also right across the street from a great restaurant, Boulevard. It turned out to be the best hotel (out of about 30) that I have stayed at ever in SF. Beautiful room with a view of the Bay Bridge lights at night and the boats on the bay. Whisper quiet room on the 7th floor (very rare in SF). Excellent friendly staff. Reasonably priced 1 hour massage. Will be back over and over.Spend the extra $100 for a bay view room, well worth it.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vegas_kat
<Content>Perfect stay for our 5 year anniversary My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Vitale for three nights to celebrate our 5th anniversary, and it was absolutely wonderful. The rooms were gorgeous - modern but comfortable and sparkling clean. We stayed in a river view king and had an amazing view of the Bay Bridge, and the newly refurbished Ferry Building. The bathroom was large and had a rainfall shower. The room had nice touches like coffeetable books and a cd player with some ambiance cds that we liked. Also, really nice bathrobes and slippers.We ate one breakfast in the Americano restaurant and one by room service - for both, the food was delicious and the service prompt and courteous. All of the staff - the valet, bell captain, front desk staff, and concierge were all friendly and knowledgeable. They even sprinkled our bed with rose petals and gave us a free bottle of champagne and gourmet chocolates, just because we mentioned our anniversary!The location was perfect - directly on the Embarcadero - not the touristy Fisherman's Wharf part, but the picturesque part with the newly refurbished Ferry Building which has gourmet food stalls and cute shops and hosts a farmer's market on a few mornings. Only a few blocks of walking to reach either the must-do-once trolleys or the very convenient mass transit which will take you anywhere in the city in a matter of minutes.I just can't say enough good things about this hotel. We do a lot of travelling, and I have to say this one makes my top 10 list. Probably our favorite hotel in the US. Can't wait to go back...Outstanding!!!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GarveyCambridge
<Content>Best Hotel in the USA The Hotel Vitale in San Francisco was amazing. We hesitated over the price ,100 dollars more than we had in mind, but it was well worth the extra. Fabulous style, brilliant service, lavish hotel feel in what is a small waterside ultra modern minimalist hotel. Just fabulous aesthetic and cool cool surroundings. The restaurant was out of this world in terms of food and ambience and all bang across the road from the Ferry building full of interesting shops and bars, and on the side of the Bay. I was so glad we hadn't gone for the more crowded ambience of Union Square when I did get round to seeing it, as the Hotel Vitale just embodies everything you want from a few days in San Francisco. I thought the Spa was a bit pricey but it was booked up so coudn't get a go in there, but the rest of it, gorgeous beds, divine linen, lovely people was superb. We travelled from here up the West Coast and then to Texas and on to New York and we didn't hit a hotel like this one.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MinnAvidTraveler
<Content>Lovely, but possibly overrated?         
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>pobutler
<Content>Will definitely return! I loved Hotel Vitale! I went on a much needed mom-of-3-kids get-away by myself, and I picked a great place to spend 24 hours. The service was excellent, the room was beautiful and clean...the linens to die for!...the restaurant was fantastic! I have zero complaints. I did the bath on the rooftop under the stars...what a treat! Went for a run along the waterfront, shopped at Union Square...had a great weekend. I will definitely return to Hotel Vitale next time I need some RR.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RossL
<Content>Exceptional stay at the Vitale I'd stayed at the Vitale on four previous business trips and had pleasant experiences marred only by the pretentious indifference of some staff members. Someone clearly is doing something right, because this visit (a combination of business and pleasure) was exceptional in every way. The young folks behind the reception desk were warm and welcoming. The concierge, Keith, was extremely helpful. The service in the hotel's restaurant was swift and solicitious, and the food (we had only breakfasts) was first-rate. Our well-appointed room was scrupulously clean,. My wife enjoyed an excellent massage and yoga classes (remarkably, the latter were free) in a beautiful spa/studio on the hotel's top floor. Our four-day visit was wonderfully restful. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shawspice
<Content>loved it most amazing hotel such a comfy bed, spa wonderful and the hotel team very helpful.My only complaint would be the americano restaurant, thinks it is better than it is, ok it is upmarket but linked to this quality is a standoffishness and coldness of character. Remember to join the joie de vivre club before checking in. My partner is a member but because i was paying they would not give me the points. a bit unfair.go to the baghdad cafe in the castro if you want real food.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ElsiMM
<Content>Love it! The Vitale is a chic hotel that offers a luxurious, unique and pleasant stay. It truly caters to all of your senses with fresh lavender scent in the rooms and hallways, textured walls and special lighting. It鈥檚 super relaxing. The bedrooms are very modern, comfortable and clean, decorated in light blues and warm beige. The bed鈥檚 and pillows are fluffy and cozy, you can definitely get a good nights sleep. The bathroom, with large marble tiles is spacious and extremely well equipped with a nice size shower stall. In the bathrooms they provide toiletry products from Fresh, which just adds on to that spa feeling. It鈥檚 a great location near the bay. You鈥檙e walking distance to all the fine restaurants, cafes, shops and not too far from Fisherman鈥檚 Warf. It鈥檚 great for business travelers and tourist. I highly recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ibbarb28
<Content>Great hotel, wonderful atmosphere The zen-like atmosphere was very relaxing and the location absolutely perfect! Right across the street from the busy marketplace, where you can find anything and everything to eat or drink. Also convenient to the Sausalito ferry. Be sure to take in the market on Tuesdays or Saturdays when local farms bring in their items.The hotel staff was all very professional and helpful. Everyone wore a smile. The hotel bar and restaurant was really busy on Friday night with a major singles scene. The rest of our stay the hotel bar (Americana) was more subdued and more pleasant. Try their pomagranate martini--it was fantastic!!! They have a great outdoor patio with heat lamps for those cool evenings. We ate only one breakfast in the hotel restaurant but it was quite good and well presented. I had one of the best massages I've ever had in the spa. I'm pretty picky when it comes to massages and somewhat leary of hotel spas but this one was unbelievable! Very clean and very professional. They also advertise soaking tubs but we never had a chance to try them. You might want to check those out.I would definitely recommend this hotel for those that like to get away from the very large, very corporate-type hotels and prefer a more boutique style hotel. PS. The rooms are small and our view from the 3rd floor was disappointing but I'm sure you can ask for a larger, better view.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Emily07
<Content>Bad Valet Service - they scratched my car The rooms were nice. But the valet service was poor. They caused a 1 meter scratch on my passenger side door. I called them and they kept re-routing me to the different people who ended up doing nothing for the car. I would never stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jackeemd
<Content>Such a beautiful hotel! I stayed at the Vitale for less than 24 hours, but left hoping I could stay longer. The front desk agent was so kind after finding out it took me almost 15 hrs to get to San Fran from NY because of bad weather. They put me in a beautiful Bridge view room that was bigger than I expected. They had great lounge music quietly playing as I walked in the room and some delicious chocolates and a water for me. I loved that they had all FRESH brand toiletries and my bed was so unbelievably comfortable. Robes, slippers and dinner was all I wanted, and that's what I got. The food from room service was GREAT! Get the pasta bolognese, amazing. It looked as if they had a pretty lively bar area downstairs, I wish I had enough energy to head down there, but my bed was calling me.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>julias
<Content>Fun hotel, professional staff My husband and I stayed at the Vitale over President's Day weekend for my birthday. I had mentioned that it was my birthday when I confirmed our reservation in hopes that all would go well with our booking. Room service was apparently put on notice, and they brought me a little chocolate cake w/a birthday card and a large bottle of mineral water on our first night. Nice touch. The next night at turn-down service, house keeping also brought me a birthday card. Very nice. The hotel is modern without being edgy. It is welcoming yet hip. The rooms are nice, though ours was a little small (maybe b/c I booked through expedia?) Very pleasant decor of pale blues and greens. Excellent fresh bath products. Enough work space at the desk, if need be. I liked the lounge chair by the window, cozy. The staff was completely professional from housekeeping to the concierge. All were very nice and helpful, even on that very busy weekend. The location is excellent - right across the street from the Ferry Building, within walking distance to some of the best SF restaurants, and a couple of blocks from the BART station.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>chicmum
<Content>If I too, can live in a hotel. Wow. Let me begin by saying that I expected it to be good, but not as good as it turned out to be. I was so very, happily surprised.I booked a king waterview suite which acutally had a better view of the Bay Bridge and some water. Valet were professional and nice. Check in was quick, actually, we checked in at 7pm on a saturday night. Anna at front desk, was nice. Americano was happening with corporate types and hipsters.The room. Wow. I mentioned on online reservations it would be an anniversary weekend for my boyfriend and I. They placed rose petals in the shape of a heart on the bedand a complimentary bottle of champagne in an ice bucket with two champagne flutes on the table, a 'happy anniversary' card, and a cd playing electronica (the more relaxing kind) on the beautifully lit bedisde table. Didn't cost me extra. It was all complimentary. We loved it. What an awesome staff.We had dinner reservations at Foreign Cinema, so we asked if they could call us a taxi. Actually, there is a shuttle car on site. It cost us $20 excluding tip. Better to take a cab if you want to save some cash, or are not going on a date. But in our case, we were on a date so we went with the Lincoln shuttle car instead.When we came back from dinner, we were actually still quite hungry. (Though tasty, yes, Foreign Cinema serves small portions).So we went downstairs to Americano. Unfortuantely they stop serving food at 11pm. The barback, Louie is a really cool person. We took our drinks outside on a small table near the heating lamp and enjoyed the ambiance on Embarcadero and the water.After that, we returned to our room at about 1 am, still a little hungry. Apparently, guests were ordering Pizza as there was a pizza delivery man going back and fourth from floor to floor delivering food.We're glad we ordered from Cable Car Pizza. Pretty darn good food for delivering at 1am. Good tiramisu too.We drank champagne, even in our beautiful rainfall shower, lol.I don't find this negative, but you can hear people in the halls. Muffled though. I even heard a sneeze. I didn't care, but what if they heard us? Oh well. lol!The Sugar Fresh products are so good. Smells light and lemony.I love love love the pillows! I will be calling the hotel to see what kind they are so I can buy a few!In the morning, Discovery Channel was taping a bike race outside our window on Embarcadero. We watched most of it while getting ready for the day. People were crowded around, taking pictures of the bikers and getting autographs. A cool thing to see.It was check out time, unfortunately. Anna, at front desk, offered to hold my bags til I got back from shopping around the city, even though I was already checked out. I still was able to leave my car with valet til 5pm too, not a problem.I will definitely be back. Definitely! Great staff, chic, modern relaxing decor, great services, great view! Loved the place from start to finish.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UkTravelpuss
<Content>A fantastic hotel that you wont want to leave... I spent a night here is September 2006. And it was a complete joy. We didn't have a view we had a wall, but we hadn't asked for one. The hotel was clean smart and funky. The room was big with a lovely bathroom continuing Fresh! Toiletries. Although I have noted some negative reviews on here about staff, I found them beyond helpful, just generally made us feel great making the service second to none. The bar is lively with what looked like a post work crowd and I liked that, it didn't feel like a traditional hotel bar. The situation on the quay by the lovely stores and restaurants was a real treat and being opposite the wonderful Boulevard gave the hotel what distance wise was pretty much a second dining option. If your looking for traditional glamour, in an old school Nob Hill hotel no this isn't for you. But if your looking for a boutique hotel with all the service of a 5star resort and very reasonable rates, you wont be disappointed. I would stay there again and again and look forward to my trip back.I stayed at the Lambourne for 4 nights prior to my stay at Vitale and was without doubt the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I see that its no longer on the site? One can only hope the depressed staff got the help they needed and someone decided to put them out of their misery.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Indochine
<Content>Central and trendy. Great place to stay         
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NVRam123
<Content>Hotel Vitale We found the Hotel Vitale wonderful. We had a corner room that was architecturally very modern and interesting with curved walls and nice windows. Our room looked out onto an SF street scene which was perfect. The tub was huge and the bathroom was decadent. We didn't eat at the hotel, but we walked to Rubicon which was wonderful. This is a great hotel in a great location but it is quite modern so be forewarned.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spikethecat2
<Content>If I could live in a hotel ... We stayed at the Hotel Vitale for a special occasion and booked two different suites for our group. The family suite was roomy with a very comfortable king bed and comfy fold-out sofa in the living room area. I liked the gauzy curtains you could pull to separate the rooms. The bathroom was fantastic with lovely complimentary toiletries, and you could also purchase special bath products. Deep soaking tub was a dream. We had a lovely view of the bay and the Ferry Plaza, it was fun to watch the bustle of the farmer's market from above. Service was very attentive, we felt welcomed with the warm washcloths at check-in and the staff treated our birthday celebration very generously with a bottle of champagne in both rooms and personal notes from the manager. Room service breakfast was tasty and timely. When I booked the reservations for our special occasion I received very good service, thoughtful and thorough, not rushed through my decisions.The bar scene in the evening was quite happening with a great wine selection and tasty cocktails. I loved the decor. The lobby and rooms were beautifully decorated, eco-modern but warm and relaxing. I could be happy living in this hotel for an extended time, if only the bank account would allow it!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeFoodie
<Content>Hotel Vitale - Pinch me! I must have been dreaming ... Enjoyed a weekend at the Vitale this past December. It was everything I expected and more ... restful, gorgeous views of the bay, perhaps the best bed ever, great food at its restaurant Americano, warm and friendly service throughout, a rooftop tub, and best of all -- the perfect location. We woke up Saturday morning and strolled across the street to the Ferry Building and weekly Saturday Farmers Market. There we enjoyed fresh roasted coffee, breakfast pastries and sights of all kinds of interesting products. December was amazing ... I can only imagine how wonderful this market must be in summer in fall!We stayed in and dined at the hotel restaurant Americano on Saturday evening. Despite all the great restaurants we've enjoyed in San Francisco, we were delightfully pleased at the quality of food and service encountered ... and glad we opted to dine in and enjoy an evening of romance in this hotel.All in all ... GREAT PLACE! Thank you Vitale!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RRMNottingham
<Content>Poor First Impression We stayed here from the 10th January for 3 nights and the last leg of our Honeymoon.We had travelled from fiji to Auckland, sat in Auckland airport all day then had a 12 hour flight to San Francisco. We breezed through US immigration and our cases were there as we approached the carousel. Outside a cab was ready to take us to the Vitale, we arrived there within an hour of touching down, to be greated by a member of staff who clearly had more important customers than us, she simply told us that our room wasn't ready and that nothing could be guarenteed before 3.00pm, it was currently 12.30.After a long journey I expected a better welcome, afterall the hotel know which flight you're on and when to expect you. For a hotel which is aspiring to great things this attitude is something fundamental which needs to be addressed. In a country which is well known for it's customer focussed service we were a bit disappointed to be greeted by this attitude.I asked if we could wait with a drink in reception, the answer was no!Luckily another staff member intervened and, although he didn't tell us anything different his manner was more acceptable. We were offered a room a the 4th floor or, an hour later, our room on the 7th floor would ready, we waited the extra hour in the bar.Room was ok, a partial bridge view although I was expecting a habour front room, it was comfortable enough and the bed linen was excellent, the room wasn't as big as I was expecting either.After a long day we opted for room service in the evening which was very good. We ate in the Americano on our last evening which was buzzing with an afterwork crowd, the restuarant too was busy, the wine list was good and the food was very good. We ate in One Market the evening before and to be honest even though it is more expensive would probably opt to eat there again rather than the Americano, there's nothing wrong with the Americano just that One Market just gave that little bit more for your Dollar.We would stay there again as the hotel, bar and restuarant are all very good lively places, it's just a shame that in the last place of our Honeymoon we were greeted by such an abrasive staff member, maybe she should look for a career which isn't customer facing.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>dasbar
<Content>Perfect! Stayed at the Vitale with my husband for 5 nights over the New Year period and loved it! This was my first visit to the city and I found the location of the hotel to be perfect. It's on the Embarcadero opposite the Ferry Building, which has some great restaurants and a Farmers' Market at the weekend. We had a lovely view of the Bay Bridge from our room.For some people the location may be a little quiet as it's not as bustling as the Union Square area etc - transport is easy though. Streetcars and also the Trolley stop right by the hotel.We didn't eat at the hotel (we bought breakfast in the Ferry Building) but did use the bar several times. It's quite lively in the early evening and cocktails are fab!! The staff were all very friendly and helpful as was the concierge. We had a problem with the bathtub and that was fixed promptly. On New Year's Eve a bottle of champagne was put in everyone's room (a nice touch!!). It was also my birthday and there was a cake waiting in the room on arrival! The room we were allocated was fairly small (though this wasn't a problem for us) but the bathroom was large. Tastefully decorated and very clean. Liked the turndown service with the CDs playing when you return to room. All in all, it was a perfect stay and I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone who likes the minimalist style but with professional service. Loved San Francisco too and would recommend the nearby Slanted Door restaurant as well as Asia de Cuba at the Clift hotel.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blueshmoo
<Content>A room shared with Claudia Schiffer My husband booked a Bay view room for my birthday. When we arrived, we started off on the wrong foot with the front desk staff who insisted we had booked a city view room. My husband, after some polite coaxing, started to get more insistent (irritated)when the personality-less staff member hit a few buttons on her screen and realized she had been in someone else with the last name reservation. Non plussed, she found our room and informed us it would be ready in an hour or so.We took a walk, and returned to find the room ready. We encountered what was not a Bay view room, but a very partial Bay view room. Not wanting to find anything wrong with what my husband had arranged, I tried to not say anything about the HUGE GAP ad of Claudia Schiffer on the opposite building's wall which leered at me. I laid on the bed, and then thought, well I could pull the curtain over her face, and only see on the left, the Bay bridge. But alas, the curtain did not pull that way.So I laid back on the bed to accept the situation, when I looked to my left and reflected in the large mirror was Claudia Schiffer.I can't do it! I proclaimed, knowing we were dropping 3 bills on the room.So we tried to get a better room, but our only other option was Claudia eye level on the floor above.So we took a walk and found ecstacy at the Mandarin Oriental and the only positive aspect of Vitale was they did not charge us for the time our car was parked through all this. Gee.The staff were clearly inexperienced as we were not so problematic and could have been appeased with the right room. What should be known about this hotel was when I did tell them about the intrusive ad (which is lit at night so don't think you can have darkness help you), they informed me Gap owns this town and they all stay here. Ouch.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lady_World_Traveller
<Content>Bathroom Bloopers We stayed at the Hotel Vitale on an overnight layover, and having been to San Francisco numerous times, we like to try different hotels and picked Hotel Vitale.The staff are 20-30 somethings; overall, they very friendly, professional, and accomodating. We stayed in suite that had a view of the Bay Bridge. The room is decorated in modern minimalism, but with touches of warmth, like the cozy bed with big duvet. The bed was a bit on the soft side, but we did have a restful sleep. Extra pillows and a blanket were neatly packaged in a canvas bag, sitting on the floor. A bit odd, considering there is a huge empty shelf in the closet.Overall, the hotel promotes relaxation and serenity, and we liked the new age music and white noise cd's that were stacked beside the cd player.The room service was prompt and the food was hot, well prepared, and our meals were awesome. The choc. chip cookies and milk dessert really hit the spot. I registered for the room, and my husband has a different surname than I. He was met with extreme suspicion when he ordered for us, as the person taking our order kept questioning our differing surnames. That is perhaps why we were made to pay for our food on arrival to the room; it being late at night, we decided not to pursue the issue. We just felt badly for the room service person, who was forced to make two trips: to deliver food then to run downstairs to process our credit card payment. Something to take note of if you are travelling with someone with a different surname.Ah, now to the bathroom. The bathroom has an amazing glassed-in rainfall shower, and a handy cut-out is in the glass wall to reach in and run the shower before you get in. However, I am 5'2, and found my arm did not reach the water faucets. Therefore, my husband had to run the shower for me. A minor thing, but not very convenient if I was by myself. Also, a major thing we did not appreciate was the sliding door of the bathroom which sits about an inch above the door opening. You better be travelling with an extremely good friend or your spouse as .... every little sound carries into the room if you know what I mean. And, some things should just remain private between two people.Overall, we had a nice stay at Hotel Vitale, but would not return as the bathroom door was the deal breaker for us. If you don't care about that, the hotel is in a great location and the staff are wonderful, plus the best-tasting room service we've had yet.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pwt
<Content>Good but not 5*... Booked this hotel for a 3 day stay over Christmas following the reviews here on Tripadvisor. We wanted something a bit more up-market than the usual motel style places we've previously stayed at in SF. The room and hotel itself didn't disappoint - very luxurious, stylish and exceptionally quiet rooms. Really liked the location - easy to get around with good access to public transport and even within walking distance of the main shopping areas.The only negative comments I have were regarding the pricing - the room itself was great value, but then they charged a fortune for extras such as breakfast and parking (eg $4.50 for an americano coffee, $49 for the valet parking) - it was only because we were there on Christmas Day and everywhere else was closed that we had to pay these prices - the rest of our trip we went elsewhere and paid much less - all within easy walking distance of the hotel. Overall, would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ECTVancouver
<Content>Loved the Vitale... This is long overdue... My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Vitale on our Honeymoon in June 2005. We stayed in a Deluxe I belive. It had a corner view with an amazing view of the Embarcidaro (spelling?) and of the Oakland bridge. I can't begin to say how awesome the hotel was. It was my first time to San Fran and I have recommended to everyone that they stay there ever since.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>snowbrdr
<Content>Quite Good I have stayed at this hotel several times in the past six months. The rooms are very comfortable/modern: great beds, large bathrooms (with good toiletries), incredible water views (above the 4th floor). Nicer than the W and almost as luxurious as the Four Seasons. The service is generally professional; I've never used the concierge. The location cuts two ways--it's at the very end of Mission St., but that's what gives it great views, and you're across the street from the Ferry Building marketplace. Two of SF's best restaurants are within a block: Boulevard  The Slanted Door. One egregious fault: $40/night for parking. Overall it's my go-to choice in SF for under $300/night.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>AllisonWonderland
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We travelled to the Hotel Vitale as part of our honeymoon and really enjoyed our stay there. On arrival we found the staff friendly and when we got into our room we found a bottle of Champagne on ice, a box of chocolates and a card congratulating us. We also found that we had been upgraded to a corner room which had two floor to ceiling windows looking across the Bay Bridge and the Embarcadero. The room was lovely and relaxing with plenty of room and there was a relaxing christmas CD playing on arrival which was a nice touch. There was no bath in the bathroom however I think other rooms do have baths and there was a huge shower with lots of lovely smelling toiletries. There were complimentary yoga session on the roof every morning (I never got up in time to attend!) and the overall feel of the hotel is trendy and laid back. We ate/drank in the hotel bar on Thanksgiving day and the service and quality was excellent. Location wise I really liked the hotel but it might not be for everyone as it's in the financial district and not in the tourist end. We found it easy to walk to most places and the sightseeing buses actually drop off/pick up quite near to the hotel so that would be a good option to get around. If we could change anything I would have liked to have had tea and coffee making facilities (though there are plenty of coffee houses around) but altogether we really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Vitale.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SFCityGal
<Content>We'll be back! Loved the Vitale! After a lot of research, we decided to stay at the Hotel Vitale for our San Francisco trip. Let me just say, we were not disappointed. It was fantastic!We arrived from the airport around 10:00 am and they had a room for us! We had only paid for the courtyard view, but they upgraded us to a Bay View because that room was ready. It was fabulous. The view really just added to the atmosphere and I highly recommend it. The room itself was a bit small, but the space was utilized very well in my opinion. The bathroom was spacious. The tub in the room was huge. Definitely one of the best hotel tubs ever. Fresh bath products were a very nice and appreciated touch.The hotel did nightly turn down service and left bottled water and chocolates. They also turned on a nice CD. It was always a great thing to come back to.The Vitale offers a complimentary Town Car service within a mile of the hotel, which is very nice. We used it a few times. If the car is unavailable, it's still very easy to get around. Buses and street cars stop right next to the hotel and the California Street cable car is only about 2 blocks away. The location is a bit off the typical tourist path(s) of Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf, but it was not an issue for us.We travel to San Francisco at least 3 times a year and since we know our way around, being slightly removed from the main tourist drag was really a non-issue and overall, we preferred it. I highly recommend the Hotel Vitale. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dee99
<Content>average             out our room window  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ukiahdds
<Content>A nice San Francisco getaway My wife went to the Hotel Vitale in September 06 for a getaway week-end and a visit with family. The hotel is a little hard to find, but not to worry if you have GPS. Otherwise, it might be best to make a map. Check in was slow, and we did make the people responsible uncomfortable by sitting and staring at them, but we had no place else to go and it was past their given time. The room was very nice, modern and clean and, if you pay a little extra, a view of the Bay Bridge. The service was all around very superior and the staff quite nice. The room comes with nice amenities and if you like them, you can buy some more at their spa. On a nice day, you can sit out on the rooftops and enjoy the view of the bay and the ferry building (which on Saturday has an excellent farmer`s market.) Not a place for children and quite expensive, but the city and it`s excellent restaurants are nearby or just a trolley ride away. We enjoyed our stay very much.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>cboer711
<Content>Ups and downs at Hotel Vitale My entire family met in San Francisco for my little brother's 21st birthday. We decided on staying at Hotel Vitale since my parents had stayed there and were really treated well on a prior trip to SF. We booked four rooms for the entire weekend far in advance for the trip. The hotel is very chic and has a great atmosphere, but after checking in we realized that we were put in rooms that looked onto another fold in the building directly next to the entire air conditioning unit for the hotel. We were unsure about whether we would need an additional room for our stay and at check-in the receptionists mentioned that it would be easy to book another room. However when we asked whether any other rooms were available with a better view, we were told that the hotel was completely full. As my entire family was arriving at different times, we figured that we would check back when everyone arrived to see if the hotel was able to accomodate our request. When my parents arrived, the hotel checked them into one of the rooms we had already checked in to and noted that it would be impossible to switch any of the rooms.After finally checking into all the rooms and a little more convincing, the hotel was able to locate nicer rooms for our stay. Despite the hassle, it was nice to switch rooms. All in all, the hotel is very nice, with a pretty hip bar connected to the lobby. The hotel is in perfect location to check out the Ferry building, walk to Union Square, or explore Chinatown. The rooms are nice and the beds are extremely comfortable. Additionally, the hotel has a very relaxed feeling and the staff is extremely polite. Without the headache upon check in my entire family enjoyed the stay. The only other issue was the bellman's insistance that we take a hotel car instead of hailing a cab. We needed two cabs and we only going about 10 blocks, but the bellman seemed hesitant to hailing a cab with the sedans parked in the entrance way. The best offer the cars could manage was $20 per car. After hailing our own cabs, the fare was $6. There seemed to be some collusion between the hotel and the car company. Hotel Vitale may want to follow Le Meridien's lead of offering free hotel car service with advance notice.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	2	3	5	

<Author>amp1234
<Content>The best hotel in San Francisco! This hotel was incredible! The rooms were very modern and clean. The bathroom was spotless. The soaps and shampoos smell so great. The flatscreen TV and the CD player were awesome. And the view - we had a room facing the bay and the Bay Bridge which was outstanding. In the elevators, you hear relaxing music while watching relaxing video on a flat screen above the door. We rented a car through the consierge which was easy and efficient. The location being near the port and baseball field was the best - everything was in walking distance. We didn't have a chance to take advantage of the Sunday Yoga morning class but next time we plan on doing that.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Hippo_rugby
<Content>Loved the Lemon Soap :-) This hotel is ideally situated within walking distance of every attraction. The hotel is of a very high standard and rooms are excellent.... I would recomend (and have done many times) this hotel to anyone visiting San Fran. The bar downstairs gets very busy when the everyone finishes work. The restaurant is fantastic and the food is great....  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>cat_79
<Content>Excellent!!! Everytime I stay in a nice hotel i keep comparing it to Vitale in SF. It was really nice place to stay. Spacious room (king), nice and clean. Comfy bed and linens. Free water in the room, every night a little chocolate on your pillow - i find this as a really nice touch and attention to detail form the hotel owners. Great location, rooftop terrace with nice chairs, views of The Embarcadero and Oakland bridge....simply great stay. Can't wait to stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oreocookie
<Content>Overdelivers! It was our 5th wedding anniversary and my Husband surprised me by booking a room at Hotel Vitale for the weekend. He mentioned the occasion when he booked the room and when we checked in (room 622) we had a bottle of champagne in our room - along with a note wishing us a Happy Anniversary!Everyone on the staff is very professional and accomadating. When we checked out at noon I saw some people checking in and even though check in isn't until 3 pm, they accomdated everyone. The room is calming, very quiet, and luxurious. The room is also quite spacious and you can see the attention to detail throughout. We had a city view room but it had a nice view of the Bay Bridge and water. The sheets on the bed have to be close to 1,000 thread count, and the mattress is very comfortable. We used to live in SF, and the area the hotel is in has to be my favorite because you are right on the Embarcadero which is parallel to the water and great for walking or running. You are also a short walk from the Ferry Building, shops at Embarcardero, and great restaurants.This hotel has really thought of everything and it shows. They have an in room CD player...along with great CD's that we enjoyed throughout the weekend. They also have wonderful robes and slippers you can take home with you.We did the couples bath ritual in the hotel spa ($60 per person). They have outdoor bathtubs, and it was neat to soak on top of a hotel in downtown SF.We went to dinner at Restaurant Bix (15 minute walk) and it was EXCELLENT. We have high standards because we are spoiled by SF restaurants and it exceeded our expectations. When we got back to the room the turn down service had come and sprinkled rose petals all over our bed! The maid had also turned on a CD. Again, my Husband didn't request this...they just did it. The next morning we had brunch in the Americano (hotel restaurant). The food was great. At night the Amercicano turns into a major hot spot. I went recently on a Friday night for happy hour and there was an hour wait to get in. They have a great outdoor patio with comfortable chairs and bamboo plants that is right on the Embarcadero...so great for people watching.The hotel has a relationship with the YMCA and Bay Club which are both very close. It's free to workout at the Y so we did that. It's actually a very nice Y, and half a block away. Working out at the Bay Club will cost you $10. The hotel has complimentary yoga classes each morning.We will recommend this to everyone and look forward to staying again!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CherHaines
<Content>Sunday Night Locals Special - Great Deal and Great Property! Last weekend, my husband and I spent Sunday night at the Hotel Vitale to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The experience was nearly perfect in every way. I definitely recommend this property!Our room was a Partial Ocean View room for $219+tax for one night, parking included. This was at least a 30% discount off posted rates. Definitely a terrific price for the overnight, close-to-home get away we had in mind.The room itself (Room 449) was well-appointed, spacious (unlike a lot of other hotels in the area), and the view was pretty good. We could see the ferry building and part of the bay and enjoyed lounging on the chaise and looking out the window.I really enjoyed the little touches like the VERY nice products in larger size containers, extra cushy robe and slippers, and the flat screen tv located the perfect viewing distance from the bed.We went to the Spa on Monday and did the Go and Glow special, $85 for 50 minutes. Also a good deal - also very worth it. I've been to a lot of spas, but haven't had an experience quite like the outdoor, rooftop soaking tubs! Definitely recommend that.My only (minor) complaint is over the prices of the room service and the fact that there is no in-room coffee service. So if you're a coffee-head, pack your own setup or get ready to trek to Peet's at the Ferry Building. $18++ for a room service pot is definitely not worth it!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wishz
<Content>Great Stayed at Hotel Vitale for one night this month with my mother. We thought it was absolutely great. We arrived very early (at around 11 a.m.) and they gave us a room very promptly despite our premature arrival. Beds were very comfortable and the location was perfect. Bar downstairs was perfect for an evening cocktail to enjoy the lovely weather. Will definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Anonymous13
<Content>Hotel Vitale is Fabulous We stayed at the Hotel Vitale for three nights for my husband's birthday. I noted the occasion when making the online reservation and we were greeted with a bottle of champagne, chocolate cake and a handwritten birthday note in our room when we arrived. The room offered a beautiful view of the bay bridge. The design of the hotel and rooms is clean, soft and modern with high quality furnishings, Fresh bath products, flat screen TV, etc. The service was exceptional. The location was excellent. One of the best hotel experiences we've ever had.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>killbondnow
<Content>Hotel Vitale is a winner!!! While I live in SoCal now, I am a NorCal native and long-time resident. My partner and I decided to stay in the city for her birthday, and I wanted to find a hotel that wasn't the standard cookie-cutter major-chain type (although I am a rewards member of many). I don't even remember how I landed on the Hotel Vitale site, but I was instantly hooked. Reason: The Ferry Building. If you are a foodie, you KNOW already you're going to SF, you KNOW where you want to be on a Saturday morning, and this hotel is right across the street, poised in perfect striking distance. So I browsed the site, and was amazed that this little hidden gem was to be found. I booked one of the better rooms with a TERRIFIC view (room 606) and spa shower, and took the plunge with an open mind and high hopes.The Hotel Vitale did not disappoint. From the moment we got there, the modern elegance of the property was wonderful. My partner was a little recalcitrant at first (as she put it, she could not think of a hotel that, on first sight, was LESS her type) but when we got to the room... I had advised the hotel that it was my partner's birthday. When we got in (very late Fri night), there awaited a bottle of champagne on ice...and not Cook's or something cheap, either! It was a very impressive bottle of Chandon Brut. accompanied by a personalized card for me from the manager, as well as a personalized card for my partner (from the housekeeping staff at turndown). We were worried about the minbar, because we intended to purchase food at the farmer's market/Ferry Building on Sat, and nosh on it throughout the weekend. Not to worry -- the minibar was NOT one of those electronic-sensor ones that charges your room if you just breathe on something...we were able to remove items to make room for our purchases, and then replace them when we were done. Housekeeping seemed to dig this immediately, as nothing was moved or touched in that regard. We ended up purchasing a lot of nibbles at the farmer's market/ ferry building, and spent one night watching in-room movies while having a luxurious feast in a room that did it justice. These superior rooms do have a closet type armoire with a couple of drawers, as well as a small curtained off area for the ironing board and iron. The closet included two robes, and two COMPLIMENTARY pairs of slippers. Our bellman quickly rustled up two additional suitcase racks and set them up, so space was not a problem. The window-seat couch had a cashmere throw, and the bedding --- well, it was the best sleep of our lives, and I didn't want to leave... We received a card inviting us to a free yoga session if we so desired. There are complimentary Fresh toiletries as well as overpriced 'honor bar' ones, which didn't impress us enough to try them. The in-room honor bar also includes Dean  Deluca treats, Scharffenberger chocolates, airplane booze, etc., and a clever intimacy kit package of *ahem* items in case you forgot something... They will give you either the NY Times, SF Chronicle or both, if you just ask. The papers arrive in a clever canvas sack hanging on your door daily. If you're worried about clanging maid carts or ice machines, forget it. This hotel is very retro euro-styled, in that you call down to the front desk for ice. The hotel is QUIET. We were overlooking the Embarcadero, right over the outdoor bar area, and noise never bothered us even late-night. We WERE able to open our windows to some degree.The concierge was wonderful. If you ask, he will give you a canvas hotel logo shopping bag for your purchases at the ferry building. Something people haven't mentioned -- go around the back corner from the hotel bar, and you're at an F-line trolley stop, which gets you on board before the huddled masses at the Embarcadero/Ferry building sites. So if you are using the F-line, it is literally door-to-door service, you need to walk maybe 1/2 block. We did not dine at Americano, but enjoyed several drinks outdoors. We did not use the spa, but the rooftop space looks wonderful. This hotel is not by any real means kid-friendly in and of itself, but they do have a nice kid's program for family travelers called Kids are VIP, where the child will have a personalized ID card on a lanyard given to him/her on check-in, and the child is the one who handles all the check-in procedures, and they will make a kid feel special and important. I think the ONLY con about this hotel is that there are no bathtubs in the super-deluxe view rooms (you have to go to the highest-end room for that). I am a shower fiend (and the spa shower is GREAT but can be slippery after product use-- they do not have stall mats) and was quite happy with the rainforest-style shower.Would I go again? Already booked for a convention next year!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bananz
<Content>Great Hotel for the Bachelorette Party! I stayed at Hotel Vitale for a bachelorette weekend and it was wonderful. The service, decor and beds were awesome. The staff was at our beckon call and we loved sleeping in the beds!! The hotel was kind enough to give us a bottle of champagne and a tray of gourmet cupcakes for the group which was super sweet. We loved the rooftop terrace (what a view!) and overall the hotel was great. Overnight parking was $$ at $40/night but that was my only complaint....we went to the bar in the hotel and had a lot of fun there as well. Next time I go to this hotel, I am going to do a more romantic trip as the hotel is good for both scenarios...great stay overall. Thanks Hotel Vitale! (more specifically Nicole Muller)  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cksdenver
<Content>Very Good Experience My wife and I stayed in room 455 (superior water view room) at the Vitale for five nights in August of 2006. This was our first trip to SF. We are both 48 years young and live in Denver. Overall we had a very good experience at the Vitale.Plusses -The hotel was very quiet. There were rare execeptions, such as the reving of a motorcycle on the Embarcadero at midnight, or a room service cart being tipped-over, but these exceptions were very few and far between. The rooms on either side of us were occupied during our stay, and we never heard any noise from our neighbors. We never heard any normal traffic from the Embarcadero (or Market or Mission streets).Being new, the hotel was also very clean.As most reviewers have noted, the beds are extremely comfortable.The room thermostat worked efficiently.The computer room on the second floor had three computers, all of which were connected to a printer. VERY fast internet connection. I visited the computer room several times and there was always at least one available machine.Maid service seemed to visit the room twice per day.LOCATION! We loved the location on the Embarcadero. The Ferry Building is right across the street, and many restaurants are also within a block or two. TIP: for those wanting a cheap but good breakfast, there is a food court in the office building directly south of the hotel, across Steuart Street. We ate breakfast at Yes Burger and Malts (yes (no pun), they serve breakfast until 10:30am). However, this food court is closed on the weekend. Another Tip: some of the restaurants in this area, and in the Financial District, are closed on Sunday. Plan accordingly.The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful.The hotel offers a limo service to SFO for $45. Our taxi ride from SFO was $42. Question: do they offer this limo service from SFO to the hotel? This might be a good question to ask before arriving, as the limo was obviously much more comfortable than the taxi, for about the same price.The view from our room was as advertised: the Bay Bridge, the bay, and the Ferry Building were all right there. The Bay Bridge, lit at night, was quite nice. I did not want to close the drapes at night. That being said, the drapes when closed do block out all light.There are plenty of electical outlets just above the desk. Very handy for cell phone chargers and laptops.Minuses - As previous reviewers have noted, there are no dressers or other drawers in the room. Only a closet (approx 3-feet wide), but with plenty of hangers. (There is a small drawer below the closet.) One must definitely live out of one's suitcase.Other comments - The roof-top areas at this hotel are amazing. I did not see too many guests using it, and we under-utilized it. Besides tables and chairs, they have propane heating devices on the roof areas to keep one warm and, as above, the views are quite nice. I suspect a hotel employee would be best to start one of the propane heaters. I wish we had taken advantage and used the roof more, and the heaters at least once.The windows in the rooms cannot be opened.The mini-bar and sale of toiletries have been comment on by other reviewers. While silly and overpriced, this was a non-issue to us. We never opened the mini-bar.The plasma TV was quite nice. Besides the usual local channels, ESPN, CNN, Fox, USA, TBS, TNT, etc, there were pay-per-view movies available, including first-run and adult themes....Free tolitries included the standard shampoo, lotion, etc. There was a hair dryer in the bathroom (located in a bag underneath the sink).Check-out time is noon. We asked for and received a 1:00 check out.We did not visit the Americano Restaurant. On weekday evenings it seemed to be very crowded. I have read and heard they do good business from the fincancial district crowd after work days. This seems to be true.The chimes on the Ferry Building clock tower begin ringing at 8:00am, and every thirty minutes thereafter.I understand there is complimentary coffee in the lobby at certain times, but I did not even bother. Each morning I walked across the street to the Ferry Building and went to Peet's Coffee. This short walk was also very enjoyable; seeing the city come to life. The aforementioned food court also has several places to buy coffee.This is a pricey hotel, but the plusses, especially the location, make it worth the price, in our opinion. We noted hordes of tourists in the Union Square and Wharf areas. To not have to deal constantly with these crowds seems to be worth any premium.We enjoyed out stay and would gladly return to the Vitale.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FAMILY44444
<Content>Form and Function and function loses Not bad, but not geat either.I basically agree with the post from 8/2, but I reach a different conclusion: the hotel definately is a cut above the norm, but its just not practical.Theres no coffee in the room, for example, and the coffee in the lobby was out 3 of the 5 times i wanted a cup (between 7 and 8).The ice bucket is edgy, but about one third the size of the normal plastic one you get everywhere else. For this price, the place should have a frige and not require us to empty the honor bar to store milk and water (in addition to the lack of coffee, theres also no continental breakfast).On the positive side, the location is great. While its not AT anything, its close to everything. All of San Franciscos transportation (BART, streetcar, cablecars, and buses -- good luck figuring it out!) come together at Market and Embarcad.ero, so is very easy to get anywhere. We didn't rent a car, and that seemed to be the right decision -- getting around on public transit was easy and fun.The room itself ws OK; not quite as nice as the virtual tour on the web, but not materially diferent either.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>elaineboorstein
<Content>Feng Shui meets modern Danish Oddly, this hotel pulls off a curious mixture of new age, feng shui and modern Danish. The hotel manages to incorporate minimalism with maximum comfort (the beds were fantastic). Early morning yoga classes and flat screen TV鈥檚 in the elevator with nature images (and earth music) enforced this unique experience. We stayed on the second floor and had to strain to hear any street noise. We loved the rooftop garden, which encompasses several floors connected by stairs and was great exploring with a three and a half year old. We played I-Spy from the rooftop while picking points along the Embarcadero鈥?what a view! The staff was wonderful and the location ideal. There was easy access to all public transportation. You can catch a cable car to China Town within a five minute walk; street cars and the Muni are even closer. Yank Sing, possibly the best dim sum restaurant in San Francisco, is across the street in the Rincon Center. The Ferry building, across the street on the Embarcadero, sells three day Muni passes (a great deal for $18.00, especially if you plan to explore!). These passes are good for street cars, cable cars and the Muni, but you will need to purchase your BART tickets separately. We visit San Francisco about every 8 months or so and have stayed at the Clift Hotel, Galleria Park Hotel and the Argent. From now on, this will be my first pick.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lneoh
<Content>Fabulous Sophisticated and modern hotel - had a very comfortable stay and staff were very polite and helpful. Loved everything about the room - the comfy bed, plasma TV, towels, seating/lounge area. And tiny touches like the ambient music playing when I entered the room, and the Fresh toilettries provided. Great location. Highly recommend. Note: I had a corporate rate of $220 so this was good value.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A.Meehan
<Content>Wonderful place to celebrate. We spent 2 nights at the Vitale for my sweetie's birthday. We had a deluxe water view room the first night, and moved to one of the circular suites the next. Both rooms were beautiful and comfortable (and surprisingly quiet considering they overlook the Embarcadero) with great views and lots of amenities. When making the reservation, I mentioned to the hotel that this was a very special birthday celebration. They delivered free of charge, a bottle of champagne, plus a small Scharfenberger cake and birthday card to our room both nights. What a nice surprise! The staff was very friendly, attentive, and responsive. Pricey, yes, but for those special occasions, well worth it when compared with other high end places in SF. We felt very pampered and well taken care of. The only complaint I have is about the service at the Americano cafe in the hotel. We went there for breakfast and the food was very good, but service was slow and indifferent - a big change from the hotel staff. We decided not to go back since there are so many great restaurants in walking distance from the hotel. We had a great time at the Vitale and will definitely go back next time we have a special occasion to celebrate.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pampered but paid for it The location of the Vitale and the quality of service was excellent. While the staff was young, they were helpful, energetic and plentiful.We needed some peace and quiet and sleep (and escape from the Cenral Valley heat) in luxurious surroundings and found it. We had a circular room on the 5th floor and enjoyed the view of the bay and the Bay Bridge both during the day and at night. Waking up to the view (assuming you had the remote control, electric blinds open) was a treat. Weather was SF classic.The rooms are contemporary but comfortable--we both slept well. The perks like Bose CD player and Ipod dock (Bose), flat screen TV (with HD), rainforest shower head are super.Room service was very good and prompt and brunch at the restaurant was good. Plenty of food at Ferry Building across the street as well. Apparently, hotel restaurant is real hang out on Friday nights but settled down at reasonable hour.I agree with other comments. While their room service coffee is very good, I would prefer the convenience and savings of in room coffee.I also agree, a little too much marketing given the room rate--bath amenities, room service coffee, etc.However, a wonderfully relaxing and comforable weekend with attentive staff.The onlty question regarding this hotel is your subjective opinion of value. We paid a hefty price for 2 nights in the circular room. But for us on this particular weekend it was worth it. Whether that would be the case next time is uncertain.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>berkshirebt
<Content>Looking forward to our next stay at Hotel Vitale       4th Floor Partial Water View  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>octraveljunkie
<Content>Great location, upscale chic! Hotel Vitale is a great choice for exploring SF. Ferries are accross the street and take you to as far as Sausalito. Rooms are well kept and clean. We were there for my wife's birthday and they upgraded us to a room with a very nice view on the very top floor. Embarcadero station is a 5 minute walk and can take you just about anywhere in town. We stayed as part of a package from expedia and got a great rate for what we got. We will not hesitate staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>john23
<Content>Russian Roulette I booked a lengthy stay and requested a quiet room. Before I arrived I confirmed that I was getting a quiet room (I'd even agreed to downgrade from what I had purchased to get a courtyard room.) On arrival, I should have known something was wrong when I saw a large white noise machine next to the bed. Every ten minutes or so, the room would rattle and there would be a grinding sound. This went on all night. After 2 sleepless nights, I complained. The management said I could move but that check in is at 3pm. They knew the problem right away--the room was next to electrical equipment and the elevator. They knew exactly what they were doing when they put me there. I have to think it was because I purchased through Expedia, because when I confirmed the reservation they said Oh, I see you used Expedia. Anyway, most of the rooms abut the Embarcadero, which is a six lane highway. This is not a quiet hotel. The room service is limited and expensive. A simple order of a 16 oz. container of coffee is $19--after mandatory tip, service charges and tax. There is almost no storage space--no drawers for clothing, just some hanging space. The neighborhood is the financial district, which is dead on the weekend. I've stayed in SF dozens of times, and thought I'd try something different. Never again--why play Russian Roulette with your vacation.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dephal
<Content>Great hotel, a little pricey Some friends and I stayed at the Hotel Vitale for one night in July. This was my second stay there. One downside of the Vitale is that it's pricey. Even the parking is more than other hotels in town. While my room the first time had a great view of the Ferry Building and Bay Bridge, the second time my (cheaper) room looked out onto an air shaft. The sliding doors for the bathroom don't offer much privacy if you're staying with someone else. Also, someone messed up and made our spa reservations for the wrong day (fortunately, the spa was able to accomodate us only an hour later than we'd planned).On the upside, the location is fabulous. The Ferry Building is across the street--we bought breakfast there and then ate it on the hotel's wonderful little 5th floor terrace. BART and MUNI are also very convenient, and sights such as Union Square are an easy walk away. The decor is nice, and the whole place smells faintly like aromatherapy. It definitely doesn't have that bland look so many chain hotels have. The staff was unfailingly helpful and pleasant. On this visit we were able to get early check in at 11, and late check out at 2. The beds are really comfy and the turndown service is nice. The rooms are quiet and reasonably large. The toileteries are Fresh brand--very nice.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>saps
<Content>Relaxing Stay at the Hotel Vitale My financee and I stayed at the Hotel Vitale during an in-town getaway weekend to relax before our wedding. We stayed in a Deluxe Waterview Room. Overall, I thought the hotel was very nice and it was quite peaceful. The theme of the place is definitely 'zen' and 'relax'. Our corner room was very comfortable and had a great view of Justin Herman Plaza, the Ferry Building and the Bay Bridge. The bed was very soft (great for 2 nights but I couldn't sleep on it for more than a few days). The bathroom was large and had a rainforest type shower (no bath). It was neat to try out but I'll take a normal shower head in the future. My financee loved the complimentary soaps and lotions. There were body products for sale on a ledge near the shower ($20 for body oil...no thanks).They had a great turn down service and when we came back from dinner we came back to soft music playing, bottled water, slippers laid out, and fresh towels.Room service was good (although I thought the menu was quite limited). The only issue I had with the room was that the TV was placed in such a way that you could not watch it while laying in bed. We wanted to get away and relax and we did do this at Hotel Vitale. I would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegance with friendly staff I was hoping to be impressed because of the room price, and I was impressed. The room was modern, elegant, and impeccable and the bathroom was a dream.I found the staff pleasant and attentive. I never had to open the front door myself. The doorman even remembered my name the following day...very impressive.While my room's Bay view was fine, I was glad I explored because the rooftop patios afforded spectacular views. The location is also so convenient, especailly with the ferry building restaurants and shops so close.I highly recommend this unique boutique hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>porter ranch
<Content>Best Kept Secret in San Francisco I travel to San Francisco a great deal. Since I discovered the Vitale I have stayed here almost every week on business exclusively for almost a year and love every bit of my stay. This place is unbeatable. Comfort is superb, magnificent view, uber friendly staff - Very very clean, very comfortable bed, quiet. Hotel opened in 2005 - soon it will be difficult to get a room. And the Americano restaurant - wow! I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Denver-Rosie
<Content>Vitale is overrated - needs a little more value. . . The Hotel Vitale is overrated in my opinion. It's lacking in some very nice touches such as an array of toilet items (free), papers left by the door and free coffee in the room. The operative word here is free. The Vitale is set up to encourage you to spend more money. The room's array of treats - chocolates, etc. are in full view to entice you into eating and buying. Bath items for sale are displayed in the bathroom. The view is fabulous and the location is good. But, the staff is not trained properly - does not know the menu at the hotel (room service), does not know the room configurations and is not particuarly warm. The Hotel decor is very modern but kind of cheesy. The Meridan in Vienna is very modern and sleek and expensive and wonderful. While staying at the Vitale I thought I was trapped in a popular design on the cheap show on TV. The wall art is made up of pictures wrapped around wood blocks and the overall effect in my opinion did not give the hotel a 5 star aura. The free workout room is very, very small cramped and dark. I'm glad I tried the Vitale but I'll be staying elsewhere in the future where there's more value for my dollar.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, echo all positive reviews The location is great for the business traveller with appointments in downtown who doesn't want to stay in one of the big chains. The staff was very friendly and helpful. A few great restaurants in the next block and the marketplace in the Ferry Terminal across the street were definitely worth the stay. Free morning yoga was a nice touch.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pjlee1971
<Content>Great location, great hotel! I have stayed at Hotel Vitale twice, and both stays were excellent! First, the facility is top notch - very comfortable, clean and modern rooms with some very nice amenities, e.g. LCD TV, Fresh bath products, rain shower, etc. Second, the location is unbeatable. It is right across from the Ferry Building, which is a foodie's haven, has a neat farmer's market on certain days, is close to BART, and provides easy access to the ferries The views from the waterfront rooms are stunning, and the neighborhood is very quiet at night, unlike Union Square. Third, room services and the restaurant, Americano, are also excellent. Like another reviewer, I found the room service to be very consistent and quick. Dinner at Americano was excellent, and the day and turn down services were great. With so many great qualities, it's no surprise that I proposed to my fiance at the hotel :).  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pgfoodie
<Content>Overpriced for what it is After a three night stay at the Hotel Vitale, I have to say I left disappointed. For the prices charged ($300+ for waterview), I expected better. First the good; the facilities are great and the location is unbeatable. The room features a great bed, comfortable seating, a plasma TV, and a beautiful and large bathroom. Our view looked out on the water (while looking over the Embarcadero) and the Ferry Building (now converted into a foodie heaven!). The lobby is beautiful in an ultracool sort of way. My complaints lie with the staff. While housekeeping and the man who brought extra pillows were exceedingly nice, everyone from the doormen, front desk clerks, concierge, valets, and bell hops seemed to be either too busy or too cool to be helpful. A word of advice to the doormen, if you don't want to open doors even for pregnant women with arms full of packages, perhaps you should look for a different line of work. Further to the valets, forty five minutes to retrieve a car is unacceptable. If you're looking for a place to see and be seen, perhaps this is the place for you. However, if you expect staff eager to help and a relaxing place to stay, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LauraKK
<Content>Cool Little Find Perfect Location  Lovely Environment --- Two minute walk to Embarcadero/Financial District. Lovely boutique hotel with great public interiors and VERY comfortable rooms. Beds and linens are top-notch and will provide one of your best sleeps in the USA. Lovely interior finishes, with high end art work and furniture. The staff bends over backwards (regardless of the hour) to help you with restaurant reservations, billing receipts, and other necessities. Room service is consistently presented within 20 minutes or less, regardless of the time of day. The staff is responsive, and willing to help you regardless of the request. I have been attending business sessions in SF for over two decades, and have never stayed in a hotel more accomodating in terms of comfort or amenities. The price is comparable (or less) than the typical competition in the neighborhood, and yet I felt more comfortable and ''pampered'' here than in the other neighborhood 5 star hotels. Will definitely make this my base of stay from now on.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel! I travel 100% for work and stay in many hotels. The Hotel Vitale is one of the best hotels I have stayed in during my travels. It is stylish, clean, large, friendly and comfortable. I highly recommend!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Vitale, a perfect 10 My wife andI recently stayed at Hotel Vitale. We did an exahustive online search as well as asking for recommendations from family and friends that live in the area. The one name that kept comng up was Hotel Vitale. The hotel has an outstanding location-just blocks from where you want to be for shopping, dining and night life but far enough away from the crowds and commotion. We reserved a room facing the Golden Gate Bridge. The room was extremely comfortable and pristine. The bed, pillows and blankets made for great sleeping conditions-plush and luxurious. The overall room decor was calm and soothing. Arriving back to the flawlessly cleaned room each evening with the music playing softly, the bed turned down helped us wind down after a hectic day. The difference between a good hotel and a great one is in the details. The Hotel Vitale is a great hotel. As I mentioned, the room was spotless. The climate controls were silent and worked perfectly. A paper of my choosing was waiting outside my door each morning. Even the common areas-lobby, hallways and ground floor restrooms were well maintained and immaculate. Yes, little things but these little things add to the overall experience.The staff was outstanding. Every interaction we had with a Hotel Vitale employeee from the front desk to the valet to the chambermaid was courteous, professional and helpful. Joel and the rest of the concierge staff made outstanding recommendations, secured reservations at the most popular restaurants, plotted out detailed trips to Wine Country and shared their intimate knowledge of the city with great enthusiasm. One night, we arrived back to the hotel late, complaining to Stephanie at the front desk, the lack of Ice Cream establishments open late night. 20 minutes later, a bellman knocked on our door and delivered a complimentary huge bowl of ice cream to our room. I've stayed at some of the so called best hotels in the country and never had such a wonderful gesture as what Hotel Vitale did for us that evening. Again, a small detail but one that has made us loyal guests for life.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely LOVED IT!!! I wanted to get out of the snow, and had always wanted to visit The Hotel Vitale and it was just wonderful! The staff was more than accommodating and super friendly! I had lunch in the Americano, and it was also great. Then off to a rooftop bath treatment, followed by a massage, all fantastic! The room was spectacular, it was the panoramic suite on the 5th floor. I adored the attention to detail. It was simply a treat, I would go back again and again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nicci
<Content>Kinda glam, cool, some (unwarranted) attitude Not in the tourist district,  location is wonderful. Embarcadero is fun  pretty, lots of lunch options at Ferry Plaza, water water everywhere. People around all the time. Farmers Market @ Ferry on weekends. About 3/4 mile to the convention center. 1 mile of a lovely promenade walk to the Wharf. FABulous views of Bay Bridge from the street front rooms (odd #s). You can take the BART from the airport to the Embarcadero stop -- 2 blocks walk!Was thrilled to see reception  my room after the trek out from the East Coast. The rainshower was refreshing  relaxing. Amenities were lovely  generous (+ others available for purchase), bed extremely comfortable, excellent robes  slippers. No street noise, despite being on the third floor above a very busy street. The little terrace on the 7th floor was excellent for a rose champagne  wonderful cheese from across the street. Very attentive housekeeping, knew my exact preferences after 1st day.Cons: very small gym ( NOISY machines, try not to get one of those rooms nearby!); oddly limited room service menu from a restaurant with very extensive menu (I tried to order to take up instead. Odd reaction. When the food did come, asked staff for silverware, explained I was a guest - so they didn't think I was stealing forks. They almost didn't let me out of the restaurant! They said it was policy - stated no where - because room service is supposed to be exclusive. After explaning not being intrigued by anything on the room menu, being really tired and promising NOT to do this again, they let me take my dinner); lighting in the closet area is very limited (forgive me, maybe some tap lights?); reception desk VERY efficient but not welcoming (compared to a sleek W hotel, where staff is as efficient + outstandingly friendly); if you're a TV person, location of the flat screen is akward - odd angel from bed  RIGHT above the work station (couldn't have on for a noise distriction as it's right in your face).I would return, this was a unique experience in a not-too-touristy area. The bar at the restaurant was hopping,  had an excellent $6 glass of pinot grigio. Now that I know the rules, perhaps that won't cloud my impression.I reviewed a number of SF restaurants. My fav was BluePointe. As for attractions, I loved renting a bike (not too comfy) to explore Golden Gate Park  the ocean - outstanding. I hired another bike (more comfy) to bike over the bridge, which was so fun!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful City Hotel I spent two nights in San Francisco recently at the new Hotel Vitale. It is located directly across the street from the historic Ferry Building. My room was large and sleek with a great view of the Bay Bridge. While the decor is modern, the room doesn't feel cold. The bathroom was particularly interesting in that it had a walk-in shower which extended the length of the wall. The shower head was directly overhead, and the supplied cosmetics were especially fine. The hotel was quiet and the atmosphere outstanding.The staff couldn't have been more pleasant. Finally, I feel that the location is one of the best in the city. All in all, an outstanding place to stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed for 3 nights with my wife in January. We had a corner suite overlooking the embarcadero. Being brand new, the hotel is very well appointed. You cannot beat the location, and the service was tremendous. Also fun to watch the famous radio program done live each morning in the lobby over a cup of coffee. I'd stay again, and will.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MichaelB30
<Content>For the Price, I Expected Better First off the positive items 鈥?newly built hotel, very high-end looking lobby, nicely decorated rooms and #1 鈥?the view and location.Negative Items 鈥?when I booked the hotel online, the hotel鈥檚 website offered several different room options. I called the hotel to find out what I would receive by upgrading my room. I was told that for an extra $50 per night, I鈥檇 receive better views, a room with floor to ceiling glass and a rain forest shower, etc. So I went ahead and paid the extra money. When I get into the room, it was nothing like it was described to me. A small window and no rain forest shower. I went to the front desk to complain. I was told that at night the phones are answered by a call center in Canada and they have no clue what the rooms look like. After complaining for about 10 minutes, I was offered a $50 credit for the entire bill 鈥?not per night. The guy at the front desk was puzzled that I was placed in a handicapped room when others were available. This is the reason, he explained I didn鈥檛 have the rain forest shower. The hotel seemed dead, so I wasn鈥檛 certain why I couldn鈥檛 have been moved to a different room. Only other problems I experienced 鈥?safe in room didn鈥檛 work and I never received a morning paper as promised. #1 problem would have to be parking situation. Even when calling ahead 10 minutes to the valet, it would sometimes take 15-20 minutes for my rental car to arrive鈥nd this was with no one else waiting. The valet people seemed to be more interested in getting a tip than in good service. For the price, there are better hotels in San Francisco with better service.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>goldie4
<Content>Great "Girls" escape... Recently stayed at the hotel on a Friday night with 3 of my girlfriends to celebrate a birhday. From the time I made the reservation to check out I have no complaints. The hotel staff was more then gracious to us. The Valet gentelmen opened doors for us and assisted us in getting out of the car.The Bellwoman was awesome. She was so friendly and happy to assist us.After getting settled we were heading to the bar and were greeted in the hall by the concierge who had a birthday card for the birthday girl. And, upon our return we were pleased to find extra robes, towels and a complimentary bottle of champagne.The hotel bar is definitely the place to be seen on Thur and Fri evenings. And, is definitely full of beautiful professionals and visitors. The beds were extra comfy from what I remember. We strolled in a 3am...but I did sleep well.Check out was a breeze. 2 of my girlfriends left their coats in the closet and the hotel was gracious in sending them fedex to us. No questions asked.I do regret not being able to take advantage of the spa or the gorgeous views from the many terraces.But, the intention of my visit was to party with the girls. And, that we did.I think the hotel has great ambiance and service. The rooms are first rate. My one complaint is that if you are traveling with a group of girls, staying in one room..it is challenging. There are numerous mirrors in the room however they are placed in odd places with no additional outlets. IE: you will all be in the single vainity bathroom trying to get ready!!!!!But all in all...I am hoping to return with ym husband any staying in one of the panora,ma suites!!!Thank you Hotel Vitale.....  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enamoured on the Embarcadero I arrived late thursday night and was apreciative of the ease with which I checked in to my room. More importantly I was vey glad that when she asked for a card to hold my room she made sure to specify a credit card. I have in the past had vacations marred by the front desk swiping my debit card and leaving me with no cash for the rest of my vacation. After a long day of travel I would have surely handed her the wrong card had she not clarified, so I appreciated her clarity. Upon arriving to my room I found soft soothing music playing on my bedside table and the most luscious bed I have slept in of late. The washroom was spacious and well-lighted with great fixtures and a tub made for soaking, which I promptly took advantage of. The bed as I mentioned was terrific I have slept in so called heavenly beds and the sheets on those always feels rough or synthetic. The beds at hotel vitale are smooth and soft and fluffy and made for restful sleep. And what a restful sleep I had (after indulging in the delicious ghirridelli chocolate that was waiting next to my bed.)The next day I enjoyed some of the best coffee that I have had in SF downstairs in the attached restaurant and then strolled over to the irresistable Ferry Building when I found great breakfast, gorgeous views and some presents for people I was visiting. When it was time to leave I certainly did not want to go. I have been so thoroughly charmed by the hotel, by its sophisticated and natural style, warm and accomidating staff, fun and accessible location and of course the dreamy beds, I know now where I'll be staying whenever I have the pleasure of being in SF.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heras
<Content>Nice little hotel!! Hotel was nice and clean. Other than the restaurant, it was very quiet. I loved the location. The rooms were small, but nice. Bathrooms were ok--also small and nothing special. I cant complain too much about the hotel. Had everything I wanted in a hotel and the staff was very polite and knowledgable. Hotel feels more like an apt complex than a hotel and I say that in a good way. Id come back in a heart beat.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For th 拢拢拢 spent, I'd expect better Stayed there for 8 nights.Expected the stated upgrade or amenity being a JDV member, but got none, and staff were amused when I asked.The bar/restaurant is the hip place to the point where you can't even get a drink. Would have expected better treatment, being a guest spending 拢拢拢拢.small details just weren't there, such as daily paper which never arrived even after asking a few times.The door staff hailing taxis were looking after the cute ladies more than guests, and were definitely a bit above themselves, not interested in helping, but more in a fat tip...Breakfast wasn't included but should be considering the price, and when coffee is $4, juice is $5, bacon $5, then suddenly you've dropped 拢30.After 8 nights there, I asked to check out by 4pm, expecting a bit of nice treatment. Basically nothing was offerred other than paying 50% of room cost and was still only allowed to keep it until 3pm, so 50% cost for 3 hours! Thing is here, the hotel rooms were great, view great, location great, but the small things like making you feel like a guest and a valued one at that, just were not there. I will not stay there again, and would not recommend it unless you're in and out overnight.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>my5
<Content>Location, location! My family spent the President's weekend here and were very pleased with our whole experience and location. Staff is very nice and helpful. The lounge was hip and comfortable. The views from the waterfront rooms were wonderful. Our family fit in a regular waterfront room although we were cozy (3 small kids). We didn't stay in the family studio (lots bigger and cheaper but inside courtyard only) and the suites only had king beds. We wanted a view and IMO it was worth it! The Ferry building is great! Great jogging on the Embarcadero and great restaurants within two blocks. Ozumo, Yank Sing, Boulevard plus excellent access to BART and buses. We are locals and try out lots of SF hotels. This location makes it a stand out.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No On Site Parking, Terrible Management This hotel has no parking whatsoever. If you come with your own or with a rented car, be prepared for long waits and an indifferent staff. Parking has been subcontracted out to a valet service that parks your car blocks away from the hotel. Be prepared to wait 20 or 30 minutes for the return of your car, even if you call in advance.I've stayed at this hotel on multiple occasions and this problem has been persistant. As such, I've stopped staying at Vitale and have returned to the W Hotel (nearby at 3rd and Howard). However, I returned to Vitale recently for dinner. What a mistake. After yet another unpleasant experience with the valet parking staff, I attempted to discuss the issue with management (I foolishly thought the hotel would like to know why a previously loyal guest had stopped staying with them). Unfortunately, I found the night manager I spoke with to be rude, argumentative and indifferent. This hotel needs to carefully examine its parking scheme. Further, it should endeavor to be genuinely understanding of guests and customers who feel inconvenienced by its lack of parking and the long waits at its valet. Competant management would be a great place to start on that account.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I didn't enjoy myself This hotel is new, but lacks service an style. I wasn't welcomed at the curb nor was I granted an amenity as they promised when I signed-up for the JDV loyalty program.Do not waste your time. stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Falls Down on the Little Things I was happy with the location, and the decor is ok if you like retro ski lodge, but it was the small things that ruined my stay. My first room had the mirror behind the side of the bed, so there was no usable full-length mirror. The safe was in a low dark corner, which I had to kneel to get to, and then it was so dark that I was unable to read the instructions after trying for 10 minutes, so I couldn't use the safe. I cut myself on a sharp edge of a piece of furniture, running my stockings (new and expensive) and leaving me with a big gash on my leg, and I could have done with better lighting since I was working from the room. The lobby is crowded with people going to the bar/restaurant, and even though I was a guest, I found the restaurant management rather rude when I inquired about reserving an area to meet with a few friends. I have just highlighted the bad things, since they were so unexpected, but really, everything was very clean and I like the location, the staff was polite, etc., so it's not a bad hotel, it just failed to live up to the expectations that I had based on reading TripAdvisor before my stay.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>seethrucowboy
<Content>Nice hotel but far from shopping I was there on a business/pleasure trip. Nice rooms on par with a W hotel. One surprise was the $42 per night valet charge. Staff was friendly. Hip bar with a good local crowd. Restaurant serves an excellent breakfast with very good service. Highly recommend walking across the street to the new ferry building. All sorts of highend cheese, wine, meat coffee etc. Tues and Sat is the farmers market. You can catch a ferry across the bay. Biggest complaint is the better shopping and many of the best restaurants are a cab ride away. If that is why you are going stay closer to union square.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Aeden2
<Content>Retro fabulous! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Vitale the first week of December. We found the web fare on expedia and we thought it was surprisingly cheap for being so accessible through public transportation. We stayed in a deluxe king room with a great Bay Bridge and partial water view. The hotel is located directly across the street from the Ferry building and around the corner from a central transportation hub. The complimentary toiletries were lovely. They do have products available for purchase that looked tempting, but they are pricey. The bed is amazingly comfortable and the sheets were seductive. The second night of our trip was unfortunately spent not dancing, but sleeping as we had succumbed to the soft, luxurious sheets. The hotel staff is amazing. From the moment we arrived, everyone knew our names and was always courteous. We arrived on a particularly windy and rainy evening. The bellhop ran after us to give us complimentary hotel umbrellas. The hotel had a lot of complimentary perks from the soft bathrobes to a shoeshine and turndown service. I will say that the bar offers a lively after work crowd, but the hotel restaurant was skippable. On days when the Farmer's Market is open at the Ferry Building across the street, go there instead. Great variety for a reasonable price and it supports the local farm initiatives. One downside of staying in the Financial District is that many things close around 8pm, which takes some getting used to when you're coming from New York, but it was a beautiful hotel in a Wonderful city and we'd stay there again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You just can't do any better! My wife and I stayed at the Vitale from 11/29/05 through 12/04/05. The service from the staff was absolutely perfect. Our room was immaculate each day, and the concierge was always available and always helpful. The location is ideal for anyone looking to explore the city, and the BART stop is just around the corner. Although we did not eat in the restaurant, there were lively crowds there each night. My only complaint is very minor; they do not have a breakfast service or in-room coffee. With that being said, the Ferry Building is just across the street and Peet鈥檚 Coffee served our needs quite well. If you are travelling for business or pleasure, you just can鈥檛 do much better than this hotel.   This is not exactly a budget property. It could be pricy for a family vacation--and even now the rates are quite a bit higher than when we booked our reservation.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tikkipembo
<Content>Chic Hotel - Modern and Clean I stay at many hotels for business and pleasure. This trip was business. This hotel is in an ideal location if you are targeting the financial district. The bar and restaurant are cool. The ambience is chic and very W-ish in terms of decor. If you are looking for a comfortable, modern and clean hotel - this is it. The staff was friendly but the concierge and staff weren't as knowledgeable of certain locations (i.e. I was looking for a rite aid of sort to pick up some advil - they were incorrect in terms of directions and timing of closure). In addition, it is a bit on the pricey side, but I did enjoy my stay there.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Vitale - A great hotel!       Bay Bridge from Rooftop Terrace  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>None0
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Hotel Vitale in November, first trip to San Francisco. Location is easy to drive to from the airport or cab ride. Rooms are well appointed, very comfortable bed, worth extra for the water view rooms. We were concerned it might be noisy with the streetcars but very well insulated and noise is not a problem. In fact we found the hotel very quiet. We were warmly welcomed and all staff were friendly.Try the Ferry terminal building especially on the weekend market. The fisherman's wharf area is very touristy but Alcatraz trip is interesting.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trigirl81
<Content>Great place to stay! My boyfriend and I spent New Year's Eve at Hotel Vitale - just 2 blocks away from the party we went to. The staff was extremely friendly and I was impressed with the hotel and the rooms. The moment we hopped in the elevator I saw March of the Penguins playing on a mini flat screen TV. Although the hotel is fairly pricey, the rooms include some nice touches and are spacious compared to most hotel rooms. A CD player with a stack of CD's was by the beside, the robes were very comfy, and I was impressed with the flat screen TV and complimentary internet. It's a shame we had the basic room with a view of the courtyard because the hotel is so close to the water.My only complaint is that we never received the complimentary bottle of champagne that was included in our package. It's not as conveniently located as some other hotels, but I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jacks94
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for 3 nights in December. The room was fantastic with lots of great extras (ie free internet service). I really couldn't ask for anything more. The staff was nice, but not very knowledgeable. The hotel's location is not very ideal. It is not far away from anything, but it is not that close either. This has its advantages and disadvantages. I am glad we did not stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area because it is just too touristy. All in all, I really enjoyed my stay!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful We stayed at the Vitale in early October - it was our first trip to San Francisco and also our honeymoon.We have read many reviews of the Vitale which comment upon the great location, the excellent standard of the rooms and the coolness of the interior and exterior spaces - and we agree with them all.We would like to comment upon the 'experience' of staying at the Vitale at the beginning of October 2005.At check in we were greeted extremely warmly and courteously - the staff appeared to have a genuine interest in us and our trip. When Reception discovered we were on our honeymoon they immediately offered us a complimentary bottle of Champagne. As if this was not enough, they also asked my wife if she preferred chocolates or flowers!Somehow, by the time we got up to our room a chilled bottle of Champage and a box of liqueur chocolates were waiting for us - which made us feel very special indeed.Throughout our stay other staff members (particularly the barman and a wonderful waitress in Americano)made us feel particularly welcome and at home in the hotel. I would go so far as to say that the Vitale had by far the friendliest and most helpful staff of any hotel I have ever stayed in.We went on a trip around California for the second week of our holiday, but returned to San Francisoco for our final two days. We loved the Vitale so much that we booked in for the final nights before we returned home. When we returned to the Hotel we were given a great room on the 4th floor, which was of the same standard as we had stayed in on our first stay. The only drawback was that it had a view of the inner courtyard (as opposed to the Bay bridge etc). When I asked the manager about the possibility of a change of room he could not have been more helpful and understanding.He explained that the hotel was fully booked for that night, but promised that he would provide us with a room with a view for our final night. True to his word - and typical of the lengths Vitale staff went to during our stay - we were upgraded (at no extra cost) to one of the oval suites with panoramic plate glass windows, sunken bath,walk in shower, and 180 degree views of the Bay. This gesture was the perfect end to a fantastic holiday - and something that will live long in our memory. It just goes to show that the hotel industry still has the capacity to turn a 'stay' into an 'experience'- it is just unfortunate that there are not more hotels that try as hard as the Vitale.Thank you Hotel Vitale - you are wonderful!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DBS25
<Content>Cool hotel, inconsistent service       Actual room  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vlfrance
<Content>Stayed Nov. 1-2 - recommend hotel I stayed at this new hotel (March 2005) for two nights the beginning of November. The location is good, if you choose to be away from the more typical areas, and the decor nice. The bar was very lively both nights I was there. My room was comfortable and the view excellent. Some noise must be expected since it's on the Embarkadero (sp). If you're interested in the nice shower they advertise, make sure you're not booked in a handicapped room as I was. Although, the bathtub was very nice and well stocked with towels and toiletries. Not much vanity space, however, in order to allow for a larger, lower sink. The housekeeping wasn't consistent, but not bad. The complimentary yoga class in the morning is a wonderful touch, and I had a fabulous massage in their small spa. I wish I recalled the masseuse's name to share with you!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chartab
<Content>Great location Stayed here with partner weekend of October 7th. Highly recommend hotel. Thought location at Embarcadero wouldnt be the best. Thought view wouldnt be good and thought it would be isolated on a weekend. I was wrong. Location was awesome. It is right on the (relatively) new streetcar line that will take you along the Embarcadero to wharf areas or straight out Market past Union Square all the way to Castro. Also nearby is a subway stop. Rooms are great; clean and large; had room on bay side on 5th floor in middle of hotel; rooms have a small sofa, coffee table and chair in small bay window toward bay; views of Bay bridge morning and night (lights along the bridge) were great. The ferry building across the street was full of locals going to upscale mini-shops, wine bar, coffee shop, caviar bar, restaurants, etc. On Saturday morning they had the most amazing organic farmers market all around the ferry building. Had booth where they were cooking breakfast, bakery booths, flowers, etc. etc. Not a large hotel. I'm guessing the rooms on the back without a view of the bridge or on lower floors arent as great. But everyone has access to the porch/balconies along the side of the hotel on the 5th and 7th (it seemed) floors, which have chairs/sofas with cushions and views from bay bridge over to alcatraz. When we checked in the desk recommended that we get a drink and take it up there and it was a great suggestion. Bar was full of several hundred people friday after work and it was impossible to get service, but Boulevard is right across the street with quiet bar. Saturday the bar was better; still people around; have outside seating with heat lamps. I think this hotel is a great addition to San Fran; perfect way to enjoy the City away from Union Square and Wharf area bustle.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vitale's Circular suite, a dream come true. I just spent the weekend in San Francisco staying at the Vitale. This is my 4th time staying in the hotel and my experiences have always been excellent. This was my first time staying in the circular suite. My first morning there, I wake up, reach for the very cool remote which control the blinds, and press the button. As the blinds lift, I am treated to a beautiful panoramic view of the Bay Bridge, treasure island, the Ferry building and a beautiful sunrise. Literally, the entire wall is a series of windows which lend a new definition to bay windows even in San Francisco. I took a bath and had wonderful room service while absorbing this beautiful view. The hotel is a beautiful piece of work from the stylish and chic Americano to the luxurious and understated accommodations. I came to visit San Francisco and I had difficulty leaving my hotel room. I recommend Vitale highly. And the circular suites are a little piece of heaven.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Patriciann
<Content>San Franciscos best kept secret.. We just returned from 6 wonderful nights at the Hotel Vitale and can't think of a better place to stay when in San Francisco.  Located in a beautiful setting right across the street from the Ferry Building on the Embarcadero. Great views of the Bay Bridge and the water for many miles from here. The energy of the financial district is felt every morning as the town comes to life. Wonderful little coffee shops and restaurants for breakfast right across the street in the Ferry building. On Saturday morning a Farmers Market occurs here which is not to be missed. We found the staff and personnel at the Hotel to be  World Class  in every detail. I can't for the life of me figure out why this hotel doesn't get more press as it is truly one of the best kept secrets in S.F. Easy access to the Wharf via the F line right in front of hotel. $1.50 and 10 minutes and you're right down in the heart of the action but just far enough away not to be plagued by the tourist trap hotels and all the commotion that goes with them. We took several of the guided tours through Gray Line with pick up provided at the front door of the hotel each morning by Gray line. Not to be missed are the Napa - Sonoma wine country tour and the Monterey - Carmel tour. Do yourself a favor and take the city tour combined with Muir Woods and Sausalito. When you get to Sausalito, leave the bus and have a nice dinner in Sausalito ( Scomas restaurant on the water is our personal favorite ) and take the ferry back over to San Francisco ( brings you back to the Ferry Building right across the street from the Vitale ). I promise you that it will be something you will remember forever. For that really special dinner one night we highly recommend the Cliff House restaurant. Make a reservation as it's way across town ( $ 22.50 cab ride each way ) on the other shore, but you will not believe the setting or the quality of the food. They have a web-site which will give you a peek at what we mean. Outstanding !! I recommend an early reservation as you will want to take a lot of photos here while it's light out. Be sure to make a point of getting over to Ghiradelli Square and having one or two of their delighfully sinful Hot Fudge sundaes and see how chocolate is actually made. The Franciscan Inn at Pier 41 serves a whole Dungeness crab for dinner that is to die for !!!  Right next door is the Boudin bakery which offers a tour of how sour dough bread is made and also has great food for lunch. Hope this gives you some pointers on what we came to see and love during our stay this past week. Waiting for our plane on Saturday we grabbed a bite at a restaurant in the terminal. There was a saying on the wall that read:  If eventually I make it to Heaven... I'll say, It ain't bad, but it ain't San Francisco  ..Hope you have a great time..  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DilbertAndFriends
<Content>Great hotel in good location This is a great hotel in an ideal location for exploring San Francisco being next to the Embarcadero opposite the ferry terminal. When I checked into the hotel I was given a free room upgrade to a room with a view of the bay bridge, the reason they gave for the upgrade was that I was stopping for 11 nights and so I deserved a better room than the one I booked which was a nice touch. The room itself was big and clean. Unlike other reviewers I found that there was ample space for my 11 night鈥檚 worth of clothes although I did have to ask for extra coat hangers. The room is turned down nightly when chocolates, water, ice and a weather forecast for the next day are provided. The room also has free internet access but if have left your laptop at home there is a business centre in the hotel which has PC's connected to the internet. The only problem I had with the room was the noise from the street which was noticeable until about one in the morning.The hotel is also convenient for public transport with the F line tram stopping outside the hotel, a number of buses also stop outside the hotel and the California line cable car is about 2 blocks from the hotel.For those visiting San Francisco for the first time here are a few tips.1. The California line cable car stops in the middle of nowhere.2. If you want to get the cable cars from Union Square then if you do not want to queue then get there before 9am or after 5pm3. A visit to Sausalito is well worth it and it is cheaper on the ferry from the ferry building (which is opposite the hotel) than from Pier 41.4. If you plan to use the cable cars or public transport then consider a Muni pass as this can prove to be a lot cheaper than paying for every trip.5. On some maps the Pacific coast (Legion of Honor, Cliff house etc) looks quite close to the downtown area but some maps use a different scale for different parts of the map. From the hotel to the Legion of Honor took about 50 minutes on the bus.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aerofl
<Content>Great stay! My husband and myself, along with another couple, spent two nights at the Hotel Vitale the first weekend in October. I made reservations 2 and 1/2 months in advance, reserving two water view rooms. After much research online, including TripAdvisor reviews, we selected this hotel for it location and views of the Bay and the Bay Bridge.Upon checkin, we were quickly and courteously shown to our room. Had a small problem, as it was a room with two double beds and a view of an office building across the street. The bellman called to the front desk and then went downstairs to explain the we had reserved a water view room with a king bed. He returned with two keys and showed us to the next room, which had a king bed and now a better city view. At first we were told that the water view rooms had been overbooked, but when my husband went down to the front desk to explain our very specific reasons for choosing the Hotel Vitale, voila! water view rooms became available for us and our friends. Problem solved and though it involved some time and back and forth discussion, the staff remained friendly and eager to make us happy. By the way, the views of the Bay and the Bay Bridge were spectacular at night. Our first evening we had dinner at the Slanted Door restaurant right across the street in the Ferry Building. We had tried to secure a reservation on our own more than two weeks in advance, but were unable to do so. A quick call the hotel concierge and we promptly had reservations there within 15 minutes of the time we requested. Good job!The next morning we took the F Trolley to Pier 39. The trolley stop is directly on the north side of the hotel. Cost was $1.50 per person. After seeing the sea lions, we took a ferry out to Alcatraz. You must reserve tickets well in advance (in our case, we did this two months in advance) at the BlueGold Fleet website. Lunch at Ghiradelli Square overlooking the water, The Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz was quite lovely. Then on to the the obligatory cable car ride (after an hour long wait). Walked through Union Square and then back to the hotel through Chinatown. Dinner that evening was at Hawthorne Lane (quite good), a short 15 minute walk from the hotel. We ate twice in the hotel's restaurant, breakfast both times. A bit on the pricey side, but the food was well prepared and the wait staff was very attentive. In the evenings, the bar is a very lively gathering spot, not only for hotel guests, but for a dialed up crowd of young professionals.The morning of our departure, the hotel arranged to have their towncar transport us and all our baggage to a corporate Hertz location way the heck on the other side of town (we were going on to Napa and wanted to head out over the Golden Gate Bridge which is why we chose this location). It almost seemed as if we were having a private car tour as we went up and down and all around numerous San Francisco neighborhoods before being deposited directly in front of our destination. Total cost - $30 plus tip. Hard to beat that.All in all, we really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Vitale. Great location with beautiful views, sleek contemporary look to all the public areas and well-appointed rooms and bathrooms. I do agree with one reviewer's note about lack of drawer and closet space, but as we were only there two short nights, we managed quite well right out of our suitcases with little inconvenience. Every staff member was eager to please and we were always greeted promptly with a smile. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mdjammer
<Content>Relaxing Stay Have just returned from a long weekend at the Hotel Vitale.After walking around a bustling city all day, we looked forward to returning to the hotel. The lobby, elevators and room were peaceful and calming. The terraces were extremely nice - we watched the Blue Angels from one. We booked on Expedia had a Deluxe City View room. We ended up with a handicapped room which was fine with us - large shower instead of a tub in the spacious bathroom.The room was very nice with luxurious touches like a flat screen tv, cd player, superior bed  bedding, excellent desk chair, wireless internet, etc. However, like others, we noticed the lack of drawer space in the room  surfaces in the bathroom to hang the nice robe and to put our toiletries on. The closet was not big enough to store our clothes and the suitcases together. Luckily most of our clothes were hanging anyway so it wasn't that inconvenient.We were in town for a wedding and returned at 1am the morning to find our toilet was not working properly. Housekeeping came up and could not fix it, so we were moved (fairly quickly) to another room to sleep. We definitely preferred the city view room to the superior room. Our toilet was fixed the next morning.Be prepared for steep charges on room service (18% + $3 delivery charge and 8.5% TAX). The restaurant is very good but also pricey - we spent $100 in two days for breakfast. During the week, there are plenty of deli's, etc nearby to get breakfast on Mission. On the weekend the choice is more limited - the Ferry Building has coffee, bread, fruit, cheese  pastry vendors but nowhere to go for a sit-down breakfast.Overall we had a wonderful time and would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, but a few quirks My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Vitale from 10/1-10/3. Overall, we had a pretty good experience. There were a couple of snags though - first, I had called the morning before our arrival and notified the staff that it was my husband's birthday. I asked that a bottle of champagne be placed in our room in advance of our arrival. When we checked in we were given a handicapped accessible room (neither of us are handicapped). The room would be nice for someone who was handicapped, but for us it just wasn't comforable. The bathroom was awkwardly arranged- the shower consisted of a shower spout and drain on the floor (no tub or even a shower stall). This is not what I call romantic. Additionally, the sink was set significantly lower to accomodate wheelchairs (not particularly comfortable for those not in wheelchairs). More importantly, the champagne was not in the room. My husband called the front desk and told them the room was not acceptable. The clerk said they would send someone up to our room to collect our bags and move us to another room. We waited 20 plus minutes before someone met us to give us the keys to our new room. This was not pleasant given we had just arrived on a late flight from NYC (we were tired and jet lagged). It also kind of killed the romantic surprise I had planned for my husband. The room they gave us was nice and the champagne was waiting for us, but we weren't given a room with a view. I would have thought given the problems at check-in they would have upgraded our room. In any event, our overall stay was pleasant. The hotel is in a great location (right on the Embacadero and near the Ferry Building). The hotel also has a decent gym and also offers free passes to the YMCA located a block away. Room service was quite tasty and the staff was fairly friendly. However, we encountered one other problem during our stay. The night before our check-out I placed my heels outside of the room for the complimentary overnight shoe shine. Unfortunately, the shoes were not returned to me the next day. I didn't realize it until two days later when I was going out for an upscale dinner in the wine country. As it turns out the hotel staff said they did not return the shoes to us because we had the privacy tag on our door on the morning of our check-out. I'm not sure why they didn't leave the shoes outside of our room or take them to the front desk to give to us at check-out, but nonetheless after a brief negotiation, the hotel agreed to overnight Fed-Ex the shoes to our hotel in Sonoma. They arrived without incident.I would recommend this hotel to others but with the caveat of asking for a room with a view and ensuring it's not the handicapped accesible room. Also, make sure to pick up your shoes before you check-out. One last piece of advice, Visa has a deal that if you pay with your Visa card, you get 20% off the room rate. Check it out on the web.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>August_B
<Content>You make me Vitale baby!       Brunch at Palomino down the street....fabulous!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ajhappy1
<Content>Bells and Whistles-Lacks Basics We were so excited to stay at the Hotel Vitale after reading all the reviews. Upon arrival, we were expertly greeted, made aware of the $42.00 a day valet fee, and expedited quickly to our basic yet comfortable room with a nice view of the bridge. We began to unpack and quickly noted that there was no dresser for our 6 days worth of clothing, so we lived out of our suitcases and one hanging closet. We walked around and loved SF and the close proximity of transportation and necessities. Keep in mind that on the weekends, most eateries in the financial district are closed. We were peacefully sleeping when at 5:00AM four large tables crashed out in the hallway. An employee evidently was preparing for a future event on the 7th floor terrace. The next morning, housekeeping knocked quietly and quickly and came on in at 8:00AM to our shock. The next day, when we returned at 4:30PM to prepare for dinner with family, housekeeping was in our room and we had to wait outside. Also, if you don't get downstairs before 7:00AM, you will miss the complimentary coffee and must pay $3.00 a cup. Overall, they went above and beyond the call of duty for what they feel is important, but a dresser, housekeepting at reasonable hours, and complimentary coffee are important to us. Not bottled water, bittersweet chocolates, robes and pricey spa products for sale everytime you go into the bathroom. Wish it would have been better.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MissDaisyCat
<Content>I don't love the sound of breaking glass The rooms were great in a modern yet plush fashion; the robes toasty and soft; the bathroom featured cool fixtures and a great showerhead (but nowhere to hang the toasty robe). And truly...the staff of gorgeous men manning the front were quite lovely too. My only complaint is that I - and everyone else located on the less desirable non-view side of the building - were subjected to the very loud crash bang boom of glass bottles being recycled from midnight to 1:30am! It was highly annoying and incredibily loud all the way up to the 4th floor. Otherwise, the location was very near the Ferry Building and a quick walk to the cable car line.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Trip! Hotel Vitale was wonderful!! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Vitale. This was our first trip to San Francisco and I must say that it was a fabulous trip. (It was also my birthday). The Hotel Vitale was fabulous. It's modern, clean deco was great, not to mention that we had the waterfront view. Need I say anymore. They turned down your bed. When we came back to the room from one of our trips, there was chocolates, bottled water, the weather report for the next day, and music playing. (They also provide a CD player and Element CDs).The only downside I have is that the Valet Parking fee is ridiculous. They charge $42 a night. Unless you are going to drive up and down the coast to see other cities, it's not worth renting a car. The other parking facilities charge you everytime you take the car out, so that is expensive as well.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mbrebnor
<Content>It was nice This is a very nice hotel. The rooms are not very big, but they are cute. My sister and I had a wonderful view of the Bay Bridge. Service was good. Food at the Americano restaurant was good. Receiving new towels, bottles of water, and ice in the evening added a nice touch.Would I return to this hotel? Maybe. Although the hotel was nice, I think I will try another in the future.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>2moresheep
<Content>Hotel Vitale was fabulous Recently stayed at Hotel Vitale for just one precious night. Wish it had been a dozen! From the moment we arrived in our rental car until we left, we were treated to a super experience. Each staff member was warm, polite, kind and made us feel welcome. The room was great. We sprang for a waterview king room which then was mysteriously upgraded to waterfront. The bed was luxuriously comfortable, the cd player and flatscreen tv were nice touches. I liked the rainforest shower and personally did not miss having a tub...the towels were even absorbent and there were plenty of them. There is a huge mirror opposite the bed, reflecting the bay view. Since it was our anniversary, the hotel provided a fruit plate and a half-bottle of champagne. The finishes in the hotel common areas and rooms are very pretty. We are an older couple and I had worried that we would not be cool enough for this edgy hotel, but as above, the staff was extremely welcoming. Expensive hotels are sometimes not worth the extra $, but the Hotel Vitale gives you plenty of value for your buck.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience!!!       view from hotel room  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>soma151
<Content>Nice new hotel,GREAT VIEW,great area.....BUT... Just got back from 7 days in San.Fran.Stayed at the hotel Vitale for 3 days two nights..in a bay view 4th floor room....The hotel is new and nice with a beauthful view of the bay bridge,in a great area close to every thing.....Still a little work to be done in the service area....Are room was to be a bay view with spa bath,the bath didnt even have a tub and when i called down i was told it was a spa shower and none of the view rooms have tubs...To a lot of people this would be no big deal,but we take baths and not showers and would never book a hotel with no bath(it was a beauthful shower).Even in the print out of hotel amenities it says spa bath with tub...but it also said computer in room,and roof top spa.....No computer,and the spa was a jet tub(over looking nothing and cost 60.00 per 30 min.)The hotel also list spa treatments,but you couldnt get a appt......We had booked a city tour and when they came to pick us up,no one paged are room?....We where waiting in the lobby for 40min.when i asked the bellman if any one had come for us he asked my name and said yes someone was here and left...When i asked why no one paged us,he didnt know?..He did take the time to track down the company and get us to where the bus was leaving from(lucky the tour was 2 hours late).....The hotel has a town car service for short trips,but the door men never one time offered it or asked some thing like whats your plans today could i get you the town car..Its just little things like that,that make a hotel a real 4 or 5 star rating......On check out i asked to talk to the manger and was told he is in a meeting and couldnt come out,so i left him the print out of hotel amenities we recived and asked if he could call me.....After getting home i recived a email from him asking what company i booked threw on the internet and he would like to fix the miss infomation on there web page...It was there company and there web page...He did credit us back 150.00 for the room,but like i told him it wasnt the money,it was the tub........All in all the hotel is very nice,but a little training needs to be done with the staff...Would i stay there again?....not really sure,not having a spa or tub is a big thing for us.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>maverick_cp
<Content>#1 Hotel, #1 Bed, #1 Location, #1 View, #1 Service Went to sleep in a heavenly bed, with a pillow bar (choice of pillow firmness  types); the nightstand was lit by 'glowing stones' ; lulled to sleep by the ambient music in the CD player. Amenities are great (yummy fresh brand of soaps/lotions etc.) Sumbody items can be purchsed in room as well. Towels are soft and luxurious.Left the curtains side open to see the nightlights draped across the bay bridge span and first light as the city awoke. The hotel is surrounded by phenomenal eats...Boulevard, the restaurants of the Ferry Building etc.Go jogging on the waterfront, get fresh  unique things at the ferry building farmers market, take the cable car or street car...any direction you go, you will have it all. Or do nothing and stay in your room at the hotel. They offer yoga and tubs on the rooftop penthouse. Plus access to the YMCA and other top notch facilities.The hotel town car was not available to transport me to my meeting as needed. So the bell man personally escorted me  all my meeting materials on foot with his bell cart. Impressive service!!!Another small detail worth mentioning: Dwell magazine was provided in room. It's a very Dwell experience for those of you into that type of environ...but with a very luxurious twist.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dougiefreshpdx
<Content>Great hotel My wife and I stayed here for three nights in JUly 2005. It didn't hurt that the weather was the best I have ever seen in San Fran. We usually stay at the Drisco in Pac. Heights but needed to be closer to downtown and refuse to rent a car in any city. The check-in process was a bit sloppy but we were given a great room with a staggering view of the water. The outdoor spaces at the Vitale are wonderful and my time spent working on the fifth floor terrace (good wifi service included) was wonderful. The location is great as well. You can walk to the Ferry Building for breakfast and within a few blocks there are a bunch of nice places (including Boulevard, Chaya and Shanghai 1930). The spa was lovely as well although I tried three times to get a message lined up and never could get it worked out. The staff was helpful and the bar scene at the Americano downstairs was really, really hopping on Friday. I would stay here again in a hearbeat although I still prefer being in a quiet residential neighborhood.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a home run fantastic service, polite, great explanations for all questions, clean, very in and hipsituated near waterfront (pier 1) in area for the locals yet within 5 minute cab ride to most tourist spots (pier 39, union square to shop)great terrasespent 17-20 july here...saturday farmers market across street must not be missed....try the blue bottle coffee there!!!ate dinner at boulevard across the street..1st classbar at hotel is hopping with locals in the eveningsmall inconvenience is 42$ for valet parking per day, but that is san fran for you.will definitely return..extremely client focused  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gstan
<Content>Great location, good Hotel. Stayed at Vitale for 3 nights from July 16-18th. (at a rate of about $270 per night for a Deluxe Waterfront King Room)PROS:GREAT location. The views from our waterfront deluxe room were truely incredible. We were very happy to be able to watch over the Ferry building, and see a good portion of the bay and the entire bay bridge. Very cool at night. Also, the room was cool, modern chic, with a very comfortable bed, flat screen tv, and the usual amenities. Americano is a fun bar/happy hour scene. Walking distance (10-15 min) to Pac Bell park. The rainforest shower heads are really awesome, but they have a little cut out in the shower door to turn on and test the temperature of the water (which is a neat idea) but it gets the toilet soaked when someone is showering! CONS:The overnight valet is 42 dollars (PLUS %14 tax!) PER NIGHT. This was almost a dealbreaker, but since no one had forwarned me (nothing on the website or told to me when I made the reservation) I wasn't going to forfeit a nights rate. The agent at the desk basically gave me I know that sucks, but there is nothing I can do response when I reacted a bit strongly to finding out parking alone was going to cost me upwards of $150 for the weekend. On the Sunday night we were there, my fiancee and I were woken up to what sounded like loud banging coming from pipes in the walls. This went on for a few minutes when I called the front desk. When the agent picked up, I could hear it 10 times louder over the phone. She said something to the effect of I think they are working on something in the kitchen, I'll get them to stop We were on the 5th FLOOR! They did stop however. Who authorizes construction at 2am??? We guessed that it was either an emergency, or that guest capacity was at a minimum on a Sunday night. Either way, no follow up or apology was offered, even when I inquired about it the next morning (I just got blank stares from the staff.)Breakfast in Americano was okay, service a bit akward and cold food (on one occasion)OVERALL:A really nice hotel, which is definitely going through some growing pains, which should be hammered out (no pun intended) relatively soon. At the price for the room, plus parking, there are a few other hotels I would probably stay at instead until they work out the kinks.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! We are currently staying at the Hotel Vitale and I totally agree with the reviews already posted. The hotel is located very well near Embarcadero and the Ferry building. If you don't like hotel breakfasts (I don't because I generally eat too much), the market hall is a few steps away and provides some excellent places. The design and the amenities are absolutely outstanding, the view even from the 2nd floor on Bay Bridge is amazing. F Streetcar is right at the back of the building for those who don't like to walk too much.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jimmyJessie
<Content>The Hotel Vitale was Wonderful! We stayed at the Hotel Vitale for a few days last week and we truly had a wonderful stay. These are first-class accomodations! The hotel was bright and beautiful and the staff was incredibly warm. Every staff member I passed asked me how I was doing, if I was enjoying the hotel, etc. A very personal touch....We would not hesitate to stay there again. Allow me to describe the hotel... It is located in a beautiful new section of town on Embarcadero and Mission, by Pier 1 and directly across the street from the historic Ferry Building (BTW - every Saturday there is a wonderful Farmers Market there where you can enjoy simply amazing fresh produce, flowers, herbs and food). The hotel is designed using the principles of simplicity, functionality and beauty. Everything is exactly as it should be... Very Feng Shui. The beds are super comfortable (down comforters/pillows and silky sheets), the furniture is beautiful, functional, artfully crafted and simple. The rooms have wonderfully comfortable robes and slippers in the closet. The showers were awesome, as were the complimentary SugarBath products. Our room also had a plasma/lcd flat screen TV at the foot of our bed. The views from the high rooms on the bay side of the hotel are fabulous. We stayed on the 8th (top) floor and had a panoramic view of the Bay Bridge and the sunrise. Awesome to wake up to... Many (if not all) of the floors have terraces that you can go and sit out on to overlook the city. The hallways always had fresh flowers and candles for ambience. As far as the hotel bar/restaurant, we had a drink there and enjoyed it. The staff was quite courteous and were very attentive. I will also note that if you are looking for a scene the hotel bar could be it. After work the bar gets a good crowd, which is nice. By the way, one of the top 10 restaurants in the city (Boulevard) is also directly across the street from the hotel. We had a great meal there.The hotel's proximity to everything is good. You have the SF buses 1 block away, light rail on the corner, limo service directly from the hotel and cable cars around the corner. If you like to walk, Fishermans Wharf (pier 39) is a 20 minute walk along the bay (a nice walk). A note about SF - This is a nice area to stay in - close proximity without the crowds (and everything that goes along with that) of staying directly on the wharf. The wharf is super-commercial. I prefer really being one with the city as opposed to being part of all of the tourist traps. Then I am free to enjoy some peace as well. My wife and I have stayed at many hotels, and we would absolutely not hesitate to recommed this one. We had a wonderful stay and were really bummed when vacation was over. I have been to SF dozens of times and this was one of my most enjoyable stays! We are already trying to figure out when we can go back...  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhillipDrummond
<Content>Hotel Vitale: A Fine Hotel       Hotel Vitale: Roof View 2  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dje
<Content>Awesome! (but still a few kinks to work out...) 2nd time at the Hotel Vitale, this time only from a quick 1 night stay. Similar to my last stay, I had a Deluxe King City View room. As a nice surprise, I ended up on the Mission St. side which had a clear view of the Bay Bridge.Room furnishings were still in great shape. This room had a chaise type chair instead of the sofa in my prior room. Flat-screen TV is great as usual. Only drawback, they don't have a HDTV signal, so the image is stretched to fit the screen aspect ratio.Interesting item...on my original stay, housekeeping stopped by for turndown service. This time, none was offered. Not sure if this service was elimianted or not.Only kinks were as follows: wake-up call was 10 minutes late, shoes (after a complimentary overnight shoe shine) were not returned on time, and they missed delivering me the morrning paper. Not traumatic on the grand scheme of things, but definitely not common for a hotel of this caliber. They'll get better with age...just start-up issues in my estimation. If not for these minor glitches, I would have given 5 stars.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ventinonfatlatte
<Content>An Outstanding Stay at The Hotel Vitale My husband and I just returned from a romantic Saturday night stay at the Hotel Vitale, and we loved it. The service was great. The front desk attendant was very welcoming, helpful and prompt. He told us he would have the concierge call us in regards to restaurant suggestions after arriving to our room; the phone rang not more than five minutes after we got to our room. The concierge suggested restaurants and made reservations for us. We had a deluxe bay view king room which was beautiful, very clean and roomy. The decor was simple and contemporary, and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was roomy. The amenities were great. We enjoyed the clock radio/CD player (which was supplied with 4 CD's), the flat screen TV, the robes, slippers and wonderful toiletries. The aroma of lavender was wonderful as we walked down the hallways. The price we paid for the bay view was worth it; the view took my breath away as soon as I walked into the room. The location is great near the Embarcadero, Ferry Building, and bay. Some of the things that I did not prefer were the sliding bathroom door which leaves gaps when fully closed, the neighbors' voices at times through the adjoining door, some hallway noises (like doors closing), street noise that can be loud at times but didn't wake me up, and the full-length mirror mounted directly across from the toilet. Through another review, we learned that parking at the hotel was expensive, so we found street parking very close to the hotel. Although the room was somewhat pricey, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>minou90292
<Content>Great but beware of the bathroom door Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hotel Vitale and can only rave about it. The ambiance is that of the W Hotel but at a much lower rate. The location is terrific - the Embarcadero is right across the street. service was excellent, room comfy and well appointed - the Fresh product line was the toiletries of choice.Now for a few caveats : the bathroom door is a sliding door and doesn't close all the way. So any sounds from within the bathroom can be heard by any other inhabitants in the room. We mentioned this to the front desk on checkout and were told that guests have been complaining about this issue since day one. Also, the spa, though lovely looking does not have competant massage therapists. They go through the motions, but don't really do anything. When asked to exert more pressure, one of them actually did the exact opposite. Lastly, beware the parking charge - it's $42/day. Our package included free valet parking, but we were inadvertently charged for parking (which was easily rectified by the front desk).These items not withstanding, I'd return to Hotel Vitale any time.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New SF hotel We returned from our 2 night stay at the Hotel Vital which opened recently. Location: It is located close to the freeway so it easy to find but so close that you hear traffic noise. It is right across the street from the newly remodeled Ferry building, which includes restaurants and shops, and down the street from Pier 39. Service: Upon making reservations we had to switch days and they were not especially friendly over the phone but not rude either. I suppose 'efficient' would be appropriate. The rooms are significantly more expensive during the week than the weekend which is the opposite of most places we visit. Our check-in was very pleasant and we did arrive four hours before check-in! We were greeted and to our surprise promptly given an available room. Hotel: The hotel has a modern, zen-like feel. The hallways are very dimly lit which may not be plus for many people. The artwork and lavendar pieces in the hallway are a nice touch. Our room was average sized with a great bed and nice linens. Flatscreen t.v., c.d. player with four c.d.s, bathroom amenties from the Fresh co. Our view was of a building wall but if you are able to get a view of the water, it would be amazing. My husband hated the bathroom door as it is more visually appealing than suited for privacy. Restaurant/Bar: We did not eat at the restaurant, although the menu looked great and it was crowded. The bar was nice and had a similar feel as the hotel with great service even though it was a busy night. Gym: We had the room to ourselves with a couple cardio machines,t.v.s, and free weights. Small room with no windows.Overall, we had a nice experience but were able to get an introductory rate. We would most likely look elsewhere for the current price.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>was blown away by Hotel Vitale With all the great hotels in San Francisco it is hard to believe that there was room for one more. My friend had recommended the Hotel Vitale which just opened right across from the Ferry Building. We had views of the water and Bay Bridge from our hotel. Without a doubt the best views in San Francisco (and yes I have stayed at Mandarin and Park Hyatt).In addition to the great location and views the bed was without a doubt the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Also, the room had cool amenities like electric shades, Bose i-pod deck, DVD and flat screen TVs.It is one of the Joie De Vivre (spelling?) properties so the price was nice $199. the restaurant was yummy and the hotel is small enough that after 3 days we had a chance to get to know the staff.Anyway I loved the hotel and am the first one to right a nasty review so i thought I would take the time to let others know that there is a good value and great hotel waiting for them at Hotel Vitale.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KevinMcQ
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great City! I stayed at this hotel for five nights in May. Without question, this hotel will quickly become one of the most sought after properties in a city filled with great hotels. Its location -- across the street from the Ferry Building on the Embarcadero -- offers immediate access to great food anytime during the week, but especially during Saturday鈥檚 Farmers Market. I stayed in a room that overlooked the water. It was comfortably decorated and offered plenty of space. Guests can also access several rooftop terraces for a quiet respite above the city. And although the hotel was solid out during my stay, the staff was attentive and extremely courteous. I will certainly make this hotel my second home, whenever I visit San Francisco.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It doesn't get any better than this!! We decided to try the Hotel Vitale because we love finding new places to stay. We stayed at the Vitale for 4 nights and the Four Seasons for 2 nights. When we were at the Four Seasons my husband said that he wanted to return to the Vitale!! The bay views at Vitale are incredible, the staff was wonderful and the location was great, next to the beautiful Ferry Building and some of the best restaurants in the city. We ate at the hotel's restaurant Americano and enjoyed it very much. I would highly recommend staying here, we LOVED it!!  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, very stylish, service needs work As the other reviews have said, this hotel is in a great location, very stylish, very comfortable, amazing views, etc.The service does have some major issues though. For example, my room keys stopped working after the first night mysteriously. Also, when I called to order room service, and when I got my wake up call, they called me by the wrong last name (after complaining several times, I eventually just got used to it). My dry cleaning which was picked up at 8am was supposed to be back by 7pm the same night, unfortunately they forgot about it and had to overnight it for me. A staff member showed up at my door with milk and coffee which I had supposedly ordered (I didn't).When the service does fall through - they make a very vailiant effort to correct the problem, which I respect. But - there shouldn't be SO many problems. And, it's not just my dumb luck - I've talked to several other colleagues who have stayed at this hotel who have had issues.In summary - it's a really great hotel, but they need to work out some operational kinks before it can even be considered as best in class.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>2	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel... great location! We recently stayed at Hotel Vitale and found it to be a very nice hotel. The location is perfect with some lovely restaurants and bars very nearby as well as the farmers market across the road selling some amazing organic produce! The room was extremely comfortable with some nice touches altough I was woken 2 nights running with noise from the road. Some slight improvements could be made to turn this into an amazing hotel but we will be back!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travellingcatherine
<Content>Fabulous CA modern style, luxurious beds  Ignore the fact that everyone has said the outside design is a disgrace to the bay skyline. This is a great hotel! The staff was friendly  accomodating at check-in. We had the mushroom  truffle pizza at the Americana and it was very good - a thin, slightly crispy crust, fresh ingredients and that wonderful truffle oil. For $14, we got a 9 pie with 6 slices. The rooms were well dressed and the beds - one word - scrumptous! Down pillows, comforter and enough pillows to make just about anyone happy. We stayed there for a ladies night out and all of us were happy with the rooms. The bathrooms were spacious enough and came with complimentary Fresh Lemon bath products. Reason alone to go there! Ask for extras to take home.Too bad that the rate we got was a special - only $140 for a superior queen room with a view of the bridge and water. But we'll all be back for our next get-together :)  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The hot new SF Hotel Just stayed there for 1 night. Perfect location, great beds. Very very pleasant. The warmth of the hotel, really shines at night. The location makes you get out and explore and exercise. Trully there is a new Gem in Town!I had a massage to top it all off --- Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thingummyjig
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Vitale       Hotel exterior  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We stayed at the Hotel Vitale the weekend it opened. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was just wonderful: mood lighting, jazz CDs, flat screen TV, spa bathroom, and an incredible view of the Ferry Building, Bay Bridge, and sailboats on the Bay.Dinner at the Americano was great, along with the service. Had an incredible spa treatment. The roof top patio is a very nice place to enjoy a coffee and the view. Would recommend Hotel Vitale for anyone who would like to enjoy a wonderful San Francisco experience!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We thought the property was hip, yet elegant The room ( bedding, bath and view were excellent). The food in the Americano restaurant was wonderful. The ability to walk to the Ferry Plaza was fantastic.We loved the property, and would highly recommend it  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Vitale We had an opporunity to stay at The Vitale in San Francisco CA. The location was fantastic; across from the Embarcadero and the wonderful Ferry Building shops. The rooms were done in a very tasteful modern d茅cor. My husband loved the latest flat screen TV in our room. The beds were not the run of the mill 鈥渉otel鈥?bed, but the kind you want to take home. I especially appreciated the quietness of the room. The Vitale has a rooftop patio that overlooks the bay where we enjoyed a cup of morning coffee. Don鈥檛 miss enjoying a wonderful meal at the Americana Restaurant located in the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmyersManchester_CA
<Content>A gem on the Embarcadero We just finished a two-night getaway at the Hotel Vitale, and it was one of the most enjoyable times we have had.We have stayed at Joie de vivre hotels before, and like our experiences before, the staff at these hotels are friendly, courteous, and helpful. (Where they find these folks, I don't know.)The interior is sleek, modern, clean and stark. If you are expecting something traditional in decor, Hotel Vitale may be a little off-putting, but we found it refreshing.The room was immaculate, the bed comfortable, the down pillows enticing. What was especially nice was the simple climate controls that responded quickly and quietly to our requested room environment.Geographically, Hotel Vitale has a great location. Right across the street from the Ferry Building, a block away from the Embarcadero Centerand Market Street, and a world class view of the Bay Bridge. Close enough for me to go on a morning ramble up the Filbert Steps and Coit Tower. A quick plug for an exceptional restaurant only a block away, the Cosmopolitan Cafe. Outstanding food and service that is prescient.The highlight had to be on Saturday morning when we went to the farmers market at the Ferry Building. A beautiful sunshiny S.F. morning, a complete overload on your visual and olafactory senses, a guitarist and fiddler sitting right next to us playing away while Cindi had world class crepes and i had bacon and eggs on a baguette.On the fifth floor of the hotel is a terrace with huge, comfortable chairs and a view of the bridge, Yerba Buena island and the bay. It is wheelchair accessible and after dinner. we went up with a split of champagne and watched all the activity up and down the Embarcadero, on the bay, and the bridge lit up like a fairy tale structure.Two things i found annoying in this wonderful stay. There are no waste baskets on the terrace, so you have to cart any trash back to your room. The second problem is the hotel offers no complmentary coffee in the morning, unless you wanted to call room service at ruinous prices. So every morning I would trot across the street to Peet's (open 5:30 weekdays) to get our coffee. This is not a good thing!All in all, grest time--great stay.Jim Myers  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing views, wonderful hospitality, so relaxing! We had the privilege of staying at the hotel during the first week of its opening and you'd never know they were all just getting started. Very professional and courteous staff (so friendly!) and the hotel has a great vibe to it. Loved being down by the Ferry Building and amazing views of the Bay Bridge. Took advantage of the wonderful spa service before having drinks down in the very comfy bar. The breakfast at Americano the next day made us wish we'd stayed there for dinner instead of wandering across the street to Metro (which was, of course, very good). The rooms were well appointed and had all the nice little touches I've come to love about Joie de Vivre hotels. A shiny new star in their roster!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow on the Waterfront! If the million dollar water views don't get you (be sure to request a room facing the bay), then the casual elegance of all of the amenities will - the subtle and soothing decor, a fabulously comfortable bed, the flat screen TV, dimmer lighting in the bathroom, a rainforest showerhead - just to name a few. Walk the hallways and inhale the essence of lavendar as small sprays are placed next to each guestroom door. All the little details make for a relaxing (including outside soaking tubs on the top floor, along with a luxurious spa) and memorable stay, but it was that phenomenal bay view that will take your breath away - location, location, location!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel Vitale I found the hotel to have a wonderfully calming feel to it. The only fault I could find was that there was no coffee available in the morning in the lobby. I twould be nice to have complimentary coffee and or tea in the available. The rooms are very well appointed and the beds, incredibly comfortable. I know that the hotel will be a welcome addition to the Financial district of San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a refreshing experience in San Francisco! I surprised my husband with a weekend stay at Hotel Vitale. A brand-new Joie de Vivre Hotel in San Francisco. -- What a refreshing experience! The atmosphere is naturally sophisticated and cozy. Urban yet natural. It's a boutique hotel with deluxe full services. --An A+ on my list! This place has a privileged and unique location, right across form the new Ferry Building ( where the new Farmer's Market is ) on the Embarcadero Area. A five minute cab ride from Union Square, ( the shopping district ). Their water front rooms and circular suites have unbeatable views of the water and the Bay Bridge. ( You can actually see three San Francisco landmarks from their terraces! ) Their restaurant Americano is innovative, delicious and fresh. Very California, very San Francisco! We loved the ambiance of the bar and the crowd. It was refreshing to stay in a place that feels very San Francisco, but in a very unique and refreshing way. If you stay for more than one night and want to try other restaurants, the famous and established Boulevard is right across the street, and having lunch at the Ferry Building is a must! And the best part: Hotel Vitale has an attentive friendly and professional staff. It has the feel of a world class hotel, but without the stuffiness or the attitude!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with a Spectacular View! My stay at the new Hotel Vitale was nothing less than amazing! I have stayed at many hotels throughout the country and in San Francisco as well and the Hotel Vitale was refreashing with wonderful Bay Bridge and water views from the public areas as well as the rooms. We enjoyed the restaurant within the hotel, the sevice was excellent and the food was superb! It was a great experience!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Vitale! Hotel Vitale is a beautiful new hotel in great area of San Francisco - right across the street from the bay along the Embarcadero. The rooms have great views, nice bedding and big bathrooms. You can also find amazing food in the hotel's restaurant. We had a fantastic time and are recommending it to all our friends.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great getaway in San Francisco The hotel is located along the beautiful SF Waterfront with views of the Bay Bridge and a stones throw away from the newly restored Ferry Building and Plaza. The rooms are comfortable with top of the line amenities that add such an nice touch to the overall experience.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>krslong
<Content>Nice, but maybe too expensive? I am actually a resident of San Francisco, but every once and a while my spouse and I like to pamper ourselves by spending a night in a luxury hotel to get a break from our dull apartment.We have always had great experiences with the hotels run by Joie de Vivre Hospitality, so we decided to give the new Hotel Vitale a try. Because the hotel was offering specials for its grand opening, we decided to splurge on a Deluxe Waterfront King Room, which was $259 for the night (normally $309). We were checked in fairly quickly, but unfortunately did not get a room on one of the higher floors, which would have afforded more expansive views of the water and Bay Bridge. As with other JDV hotels, the room was of a smart design with the most comfortable bed and bedding you could imagine. The room was smaller than I had imagined but adequate, and I was disappointed to find no bathtub. The room description online indicated that the bathroom was a spa style bathroom with a rain shower head. The rain shower head was great, but I expected there would be a tub as well.The other downside of the room was the traffic noise that could be heard from the street. The obvious trade off of facing the busy Embarcadero St. is the view of the bay, etc., but light sleepers might be annoyed by the traffic noise. The Embarcadero typically quiets down in the late evening hours, but the occasional bus and truck could be heard throughout the night.My favorite part of the hotel (besides the incredible bed) was its location. If I were a tourist, I would prefer this location right across the street from the Ferry Building as opposed to those hotels found in Union Square. It's easy to get to either Union Square or Fisherman's Wharf from this hotel via various forms of mass transportation or simply by walking if you don't mind a 20 to 30 minute walk. There are numerous fine dining restaurants within the immediate vicinity of the hotel, including Boulevard....one of the city's best restaurants. And if you're a baseball fan, it's conveniently located within a mile of SBC park.Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you can afford it. The service from the staff was excellent....quick to respond when you need it; invisible when you don't.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing Spectacular I have to say, I was not terribly impressed with the Hotel Vitale by any means. We've definitely experienced worse, but by no means do I think this place is anything spectacular - or worthy of four stars. If you're just looking for a reasonably clean hotel, and aren't looking for 4 Seasons level service - this place should fit the bill. If you want some more dirt, read on...Decor alone - high marks for sure. Great linens, and overall comfy, understated elegance. Nice touch was the lavendar sprigs they put on each door for bedtime.Location - across from the Embarcadero and all was great, but overall it is a pretty desolate area on the weekends with no where in walking distance to grab a coffee, etc. Overall, from a service standpoint, I think it was marginal at best and bound to slide more if this is just the honeymoon phase...We booked for Friday and Saturday night (4/8 and 4/9). My husband had called ahead the day before we had arrived and requested a cot for our 11 year old daughter. The person he spoke with indicated it would not be a problem and told him to mention it upon check-in. We checked in around 8:30pm on Friday and mentioned the cot to the reception desk. They had indicated it would not be a problem and would be arranged by the time we returned from dinner. We got back to the hotel at 11:30 - exhausted and ready to hit the hay, suprise - no cot! Because we were so exhausted and because we're really not complainers, we decided to squeeze into the king bed - which I have to say, was quite comfy with great linens, duvet, etc. We opted not to park our rental car at the hotel - just under $50 a day or so (there is a parking garage about a block away for 1/2 that)- and instead took cabs. Never once was there someone ready and waiting to hail a cab as you would come to expect from 4 star hotel. Day 2 - we returned to our hotel (having spent the entire day sightseeing, shopping, etc) at 10:30pm only to have our keys not work. Having read the other review where somone's room was given to someone else, I have to say, we were a little concerned. We went back down to reception, got our new keys (no sincere apologies or explanation) and got back into our room - luckily, all our stuff was there!Day 3 - we waited in line to check out (because they had incorrectly billed us for valet parking which we'd passed on) for about 15 minutes. The best part is the people at the desk were answering phones and accepting reservations while they were trying to check people out. On a Sunday morning, I cannot for the life of my understand how they would be busying themselves with reservations while there are people trying to check out!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm picky, but this place was great I left after a terrible experience at a hotel down the street and found this great hotel. It had just opened. The staff was helpful and friendly. The room was large and with great windows. Many city hotels are claustraphobic, but this one was spacious. The hotel is modern, but it manages to still feel homey. You have all the amenities. Rather than having a small corner to work, you have a great desk. The Dean and Deluca snacks in the mini bar are a great touch.I had a massage in the new spa. It is small but very nice. I plan to go back again and highly recommend it. This comes from someone that is quite picky about hotels.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly Luxury, Naturally. I stayed at the Hotel Vitale on Saturday, April 2, in one of the panoramic suites. I've never stayed in such a room... the attention to detail and design were amazing... great bathroom products (a great break from Aveda), healthy snacks/bar, automatic window shutters, sound machine, long working desk with office chair, very comfortable bed/pillows, iPod speaker system, dvd player, flat screen tv, interesting magazines, unique services and amenities offered, regular and rain drop shower heads in glass faced walk-in shower with wooden stool, two sinks in separate toilet/shower rooms, mini bar, Bose alarm clock, sofa and chair, bath tub by the window, 270 degree views, circular room design, etc. You must experience this room.As far as customer service went, it was excellent... everyone is super helpful/friendly (and presentable) and although the hotel has a stylish, hip feel, you feel comfortable and not pressed to be cool. And when you check out, you really do feel like you had a relaxing stay. The spa/wellness, natural theme should appeal to all types of travelers. The Americano (Italian) restaurant complements the hotel well, too. In my opinion, it is a great date place because of its reasonable prices, classy/stylish feel and opportunity for pre and after dinner drinks in either the long bar area or circular lounge. Lastly, you can't really beat this location. It is along the Embarcadero/water and across from the Ferry Building/Farmer's Market... a great place to hang out during the day, for food, exercise, sights, etc.Hotel Vitale should be THE place to stay from here on out. Definitely, luxury, naturally.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing   showReview(3329055, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kangxi
<Content>Disappearing belongings   showReview(3321344, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you like the very best you will like the Hotel Vitale!   showReview(3314469, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waterfront Luxury   showReview(3312877, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why do the people in the offices look at me?   showReview(3312756, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MissJaynesjourney
<Content>A must for San Fran   showReview(3310152, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Landgarten
<Content>The new Hotel Vitale   showReview(3305360, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PatientInfoSeeker
<Content>Truly Wonderful.   showReview(3294065, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax at the New Hotel Vitale!   showReview(3289492, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>circuitboitravel
<Content>It is the most beautiful hotel in SF   showReview(3287295, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage und Service   showReview(19636286, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ColumA
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(18682738, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle und angenehme Alternative zu den 眉blichen Businesshotels   showReview(17437401, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Appaisant   showReview(11399616, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

