<Author>Brian90212
<Content>Good Hotel stay Stayed here with my family from December 26 to December 30, 2008. Hotel was nicely decorated with a relaxing odor in the lobby area. Renaissance is located 2 blocks from the French Quarter. Lobby area has a bar that opens nightly at 8 p.m, two large containers with lemonade and cherry/raspberry juice (free to dispense), two computer workstations that are connected to the internet and to a printer (free use), and a computer to print out boarding passes. Parking is $28 a day (Valet) which is high but expected for a hotel establishment close to the French Quarter.My family's room (17th floor, room # 1704) was a bit small for four people. Despite Renaissance claiming that the room was 350 square feet (32.51 square meters), it felt smaller than that. Bathroom was quite big with the shower featuring a swinging door rather than the standard shower curtains that you see in most hotels/motels. Internet is not free in the room and is $12.95 a day, but it also includes free unlimited local phone calls and long distance calls within the U.S. Bed was good enough for my family's expectations. I will point out that while our stay was good overall, it was not without some minor issues. For example, on our 2nd night stay, housekeeping did not clean the room when my family was gone the entire day. It was only after we called the front desk and left for dinner that the job was done. Housekeeping also forgot to replace some of our dirty towels on the 2nd and 3rd night and required me to call the front desk to get them deliveredPleasant stay overall. If I came back to New Orleans, I would consider staying at this hotel again though I would consider the other three Marriott hotels located near this one (JW Marriott, Courtyard, and New Orleans Marriott).  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>asforme
<Content>Would definitely stay again We arrived at the hotel late on Christmas Day and found the desk clerk to be very helpful and friendly. She upgraded us to concierge level with only an ask. Our room on the 19th floor had the new Marriott bedding, a brightly lit bathroom with marble floors and vanity, and a view of the river. The hotel is only a block from the French Quarter and we felt very safe walking to and from the hotel. It was VERY quiet due to the Christmas holidays. The New Orleans channel on television was informative and interesting. The hotel decor is Art Nuvo. There is an internet cafe and complimentary lemonade in the lobby. We would return to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>whamicin
<Content>Great experience at the Pere Marquette Went to New Orleans for our 20th wedding anniversary and stayed at the Renaissance Pere Marquette. Excellent hotel with a great staff. Very convenient, only 1 block to the French Quarter as well as the trolley lines to Uptown and the Garden District. Easy walking to the riverfront, casino, etc. Room was well layed out with a very comfortable bed. Would definitely stay here again. If you like martini's, get with Chris in the bar for his signature Gin Deaux......outstanding!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dtravelgirl007
<Content>Close enough to the French Quarter without the craziness       Do Not Disturb ign. Very fun!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>sloDublin
<Content>Don't waste your money My daughter booked thru HOTEL.COM. . Had a breakfast included in the price of the room. . When we got to the hotel desk: They stated: : Only 2 from each room could eat breakfast. We had2 rooms with7 people:4 adults and 3 small children. Breakfast would have cost $16.00 per person. The rooms are small and the bathroom has no place to put things away. The staff tries very hard to be nice. The maids throw things away and do not always replace them. We had to ask for more towels and bathcloths . Parking is $28.00 a day.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	2	4	3	

<Author>2Busy2
<Content>EXCELLENT service!! Hands down the best hotel stay, ever. I travel a lot and know the good, bad and the ugly. I've never had hotel staff to be so attentive and work to make everything perfect. We stayed during what was probably the busiest week for New Orleans but you wouldn't know it by how well we were treated. Everything was at our doorstep with Bourbon St. one block away, Harrah's, shopping and fine dining within walking distance.MiLa's restaurant is delicious and it has the best staff, ever!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jeanleblanc
<Content>Excellent property this property is well above average. the staff are extremely helpfull. The location is very convenient. The restaurant is very good. The property is smaller than the other local major chains and affords more personal attention to your stay.Although the rooms are smaller, this property and its staff make up for the shortcome.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mm2cute
<Content>First trip to New Orleans and loved this hotel! As soon as we pulled up to the hotel we were impressed. Everyone at this hotel was very helpful and polite. They would go out of their way to make sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed for our stay. At one point we needed towels so we called and got them in less than 5 minutes followed by a call to make sure we received them. Room service was great came quickly and was awesome! It was so close to the french quarter and everything else you would want to do in New Orleans but still far enough that you could not hear absolutely any noise the hotel was actually really quiet all day everyday. We drove from Houston so we did the hotel valet and never had to use our car at all because we were able to walk everywhere we needed to go. Valet was pricey at 28 a day but that's average for every hotel in the area included in and out privilages 24/7. Loved it and plan to return!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>grandmommyof4
<Content>Overpriced for this not so luxurious hotel Paid close to $300 for this over-rated Marriot property. Asked the front desk for a quiet room AWAY from noise, i.e. elevators, ice machines, vending, etc. Room given was 2 doors down from the ice, etc. Bed pillows smelled like an unwashed old man. Luxury towels included 2, only TWO, worn-out ,frayed, tiny bath towels. One expects more when requesting a concierge room--which wasn't initially given, and had to be asked for, even though the room rate indicated the upgraded room. This room was very noisy--the hotel room doors slammed constantly and the traffic continued all night with the horns beeping, loud stereos, etc. Yes, this is New Orleans, but some people like to sleep a few hours a night. Coffee machine could not be readily accessed to pour water into it unless you had the small hands of a 5 year old. A very poor design. The only respite from the air of decay permeating New Orleans was the lobby of this hotel. How does a city expect more tourists if this is the price and condition of the so-called luxury hotel?  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>delovelyest
<Content>Not to be missed!       Bathroom detail also - excuse our dirty towels!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elkameno59
<Content>Very close to all the action, very nice place. Very nice hotel with all you need to make your stay great. Staying here was a great choice. It is a very short safe walk to Bourbon St. and to shopping on Canal St. Take a short walk to the Casino or River Walk too. Not to far from great restraunts and sightseeing. We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days it was very comfortable. Rooms are nice and clean and the bathrooms are large. Updated and cleaned up since the storm. Lots of construction going on around the hotel on 2 sides so I would visit the room they want you to have and look out the window to see if it will be a problem. Hotel is accross from a few diners and quick mart type deli's open 24 hours. You can be on Bourbon Street in 5 min, just walk out of the hotel turn left at the corner and cross Canal Street and your there!. Staff really care about your needs. Elevators are slow so get a room on a lower floor and use the stairs. Pool looks like a nice quiet place for a drink or reading a good book outside. No place really to sit anywhere outside except the pool area. Gym is nothing special but the towels are ready and clean with a vending maching in the club to buy a bottle of water.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>ChignonTwist
<Content>Chic atmosphere After reading some of the reviews, I lowered my expectations but was pleasantly surprised by how smooth our stay went. The valet, front desk and housekeeping folks were all courteous. The lobby is tastefully done and appeals to those who love contemporary decor. Our room was your typical beige room with fluffy comforters. I slept so well on that bed I couldn't believe it. Some areas of improvement would be to have plusher towels and install a ventilation fan in the bathroom. The wallpaper was peeling a bit from the excessive trapped humidity. The location of the hotel can't be beat for those who want the action of Bourbon St minus the noise when you're trying to sleep. I would recommend this Renaissance.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>RWC99
<Content>Great location, nice newly renovated property Very nice, newly renovated property 1 block from the French Quarter (think quite for sleeping, but not too far to the party spots!). Location is great. The rooms are nicely appointed, and have nice, large windows for plenty of natural light. Front desk staff and restaurant staff (for breakfast) are very friendly. If your rate includes breakfast, do take advantage of it (otherwise, buffet breakfast is USD$15, as of March 鈥?8). Starbucks coffee bar on site (but closes early 鈥?2pm, as of Mar 鈥?8). Try to ask for room XX17 (the largest on the floor). Nice Lather brand toiletries, but housekeeping may or may not re-stock you. As mentioned by a previous post, the staff is generally not quick with delivery requests 鈥?we had to call twice, and it took 4 hours to get a bar of soap. If quick service is important to you鈥e forewarned! Overall, a nice stay.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>D_Toronto_2008
<Content>Disappointing service Although the rooms were spacious and comfortable, the service at this hotel was very disappointing, so I would definitely not stay here again. The reception stuff was often unwilling to pick up the phone and it would require at least several tries to reach anyone there. The information obtained from stuff and managers regarding breakfast and amenities was conflicting and often inaccurate. The buffet breakfast did not change for my entire week's stay there, and at the rate of $15US per person did not even offer simple things such as grapefruit juice. The wait stuff needed to be asked repeatedly in order to bring simple things such as salt and butter. The service at this hotel was definitely the worst service I have ever received from any hotel I have stayed. On the plus side, hotel location was good - close to French Quarter, bed was very comfortable and rooms were made up on time and plenty of towels and toiletries were provided on daily basis.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	2	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Dreaming_spires
<Content>Good choice, just outside the French Quarter After reading a number of the reviews, I have to say I was a bit worried about staying here on my own. I was, however, pleasantly surprised. I booked the hotel through the organisers of the conference I was attending at a rate of $95 per night. I had requested a double w/ two double beds since I was expecting a friend to join me. In the end she couldn't make it so I asked if the room could be changed to a king on arrival. The front desk was very obliging and made the change instantly despite being very full. They also had a package I had sent prior to arrive to the hotel brought to my room right away.The room (717) was a good size and clean. I think it was designed for disabled access. It had a closet, desk, good size bathroom with shower/bath. The room was surpisingly quiet even though it was next to the vending area for ice and vending machines. I ordered room service the first night I was there. The hotel is still not running the full room service menu but did provide a shortened version for use. I ordered from this and 5 minutes later someone from the hotel knocked on the door and told me that the menu had changed slightly and asked me to choose something else. Whilst not ideal, the food followed soon after and was really very good. Breakfast was not included in my rate, but there is a Starbuck's in the lobby that does coffee and fruit/yogurt which is ideal for breakfast on the run. My room was made up by the time I returned everyday around lunchtime. The hotel was excellently placed for eating and drinking, just one block from Bourbon Street and the French Quarter. The hotel does have a restaurant as well and a small bar in the lobby. It also has a pool (outdoor) and a gym, but I didn't use either of these. Overall, I thought the staff were friendly and helped as much as they could. Speaking to other people at the conference, I think this hotel probably fared better than some of the others in New Orleans. I think it is a good choice for business or pleasure given its location and the facilities offered. My only gripe was the information provided by the hotel. They displayed the folder showing the standard information about all Renaissance hotels and their services, even when it is clear that they are not yet offering all that they used to pre-Katrina. It would be useful if they just displayed information specific to Pere Marquette as this would cause a lot less confusion and frustration on the part of guests.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Happy-Yappy
<Content>Nice hotel My Husband and I have stayed in New Orleans many times in different hotels and this one was very nice. It's been renovated since the storm and still has construction going on in the lobby but had a very nice and clean room and I am very particular about staying in hotels. The staff was excellent! The staff we encountered were very helpful and friendly including the valet area. We would definetly stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>bigtime99
<Content>worst experience in 40 yrs. of travel My trip was a disaster from the start. I asked the valet to keep my car close, because I was in a hurry, and would only open the door, drop my bag an takeoff. I returned in 5 min. and my car was gone, and there were no others in line, so I lost time, and the valet said another guy parked it and he forgot. When I returned to my room at 11:30 p.m. there were 4 employees at the desk laughing and having a good time. Upon actually entering the room, it was the smallest room I have EVER stayed in. If my wife was with me, we would have bumped into each other. The room was very nicely appointed, except for no wastebasket. I called the front desk to ask for one at 11:40 pm, and after waiting 40 minutes, I cancelled because it was almost 12:30 am an I wanted to go to bed. The next day I spoke to the Mgr. and he said he would take care of it and said he was sorry. When I returned late that night I still didnt get one. I was leaving early the next morning, so after 2 days I didnt care. For the final slap, my 5:00 am wake-up call came at 5:20. For $220 a night I'll get abused elsewhere. Vince from chicago  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	5	4	1	3	

<Author>bmccollum
<Content>Great Hotel for the Price via Priceline! Would definitely stay here again! Myself and a college buddy stayed here this past weekend (Oct. 27th-28th) to attend a football game between The University of Memphis Tigers and the Tulane Green Wave (the Tigers won, by the way!).Thoroughly enjoyed the hotel and had no problems with anything.Stayed in room 703, which doesn't have a view of much aside from an empty office building across the street, but no big deal there.It's about a block from Canal St. and is in very easy walking distance from the hotel to all of the sights/sounds/etc. of Bourbon Street and the remainder of the French Quarter.Hotel was very quiet at evening and it was a rarity to hear an automobile going down the street or people making any sort of commotion, which was nice for sleeping purposes! And mind you, this was the weekend before Halloween...Rooms were a little on the small size, but again, not a big deal there. Bathrooms were VERY spacious and this was a nice surprise.Parking was $28 per night, which seemed a bit high, but I have to remind myself that this is New Orleans and hotel parking in that areaof town typically does come at a premium.Bed was one of the most comfortable beds I'd remembered sleeping on at a hotel in recent years.Did not partake of the hotel's breakfast (not a free continental breakfast, mind you) in the a.m., but it looked very good as we passed by the offerings.Hotel as a whole appeared very well maintained and very clean both inthe public areas and in all areas of our room.Hotel regularly runs for $200+ per night if you book a room through one of the normal means of doing so, but I bid $80 via Priceline back in early September and got it for $80 (+ tax) per night, so the whole thing was $128.69 for the room, tax, and overnight parking... for a very nice 4-star hotel very near all of the action that New Orleans has to offer. Not bad...Highly recommended!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>marbus2
<Content>Never again My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights and it was a mistake. When we arrived in the room (quite small), we discovered only 4 hangers in the closet and no bathrobes. After calling the front desk to receive these items, we went to dinner and returned 3 hours later. Still no extra hangers or bathrobes. After a trip to the front desk, 3 extra hangers were delivered, along with the bathrobes. There was no bathtub, just a shower and we weren't aware of that. The sheets were not changed during our stay, the bed was simply made. No mattress pad was used, so the fitted sheet was right on top of the mattress.On our second day, we returned to the hotel around noon and the room had not been made. We left and returned again at about 3:30 and still no service. When we left at 4, we mentioned it to a member of the housekeeping staff who was in the hallway. Upon our return at 7:00, the room still had not been cleaned. On our way out to dinner, we stopped at the front desk. She seemed suprised that we still wanted the room cleaned at that hour.Lobby is undergoing renovations and is not very attractive. The side street upon which the hotel is located is very dark and I was very surprised that there was not a bellman/front door man on duty at all times. The staff was rather surly.I would not stay here again and I'm not sure I'd ever stay in a Renaissance, because this was such a bad experience.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>NavTrav
<Content>fairly good time at the renn. PM stayed at the PM on 9/17.hotel is still renovating the lobby, which is due to be finished by october.the hotel entrance is located on a quiet street without much foot traffic, and i was surprised that there were no employees at the front door, or on the ground level, as the lobby is temporarily on 3. checkin was ok. my initial room had weird pipe noises coming from the bathroom, so i called down and spoke to a manager. she moved me to a room on the club level, which was fine. the rooms are all virtually new. sort of a minimalistic style. beds are nice. bathrooms are also nice. hotel was very clean.their gym was great! multiple treadmills and ellipticals. all new.also, they each had their own lcd tv.didn't have many interactions with staff, but the ones i did, were fine. they did try and charge me for parking, when i hadn't used their garage. location is pretty good. 2 blocks from the beginnings of bourbon st.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>Steve1969
<Content>Very nice hotel Stayed on the 6th floor at the Renaissance Pere Marquette for several nights beginning on August 6, 2007. The hotel is very clean, despite a little construction in the lobby area. Bring a wireless router if you want wireless Internet; otherwise, you'll need to bring an Ethernet cable. Internet is available for ~$13 per 24-hour period.My original room was 614, which is the smallest room in the hotel, according to the front desk. After a few minutes in the room, the front desk promptly moved me to another room. There was literally two-to-three feet of space on each side of the queen-sized bed.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>swampgm
<Content>One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at!! This was one of the nicest and friendliest hotels I have ever stayed at. We had 3 rooms for 2 nights. The breakfast buffet was amazing, the staff was very friendly. The rooms were decorated very modern andclean. I am def going to stay there again. The price was very good. A+A+A+A+A  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kaymart91
<Content>Good location, average hotel Hotel room was ok, nothing special. Room was a little odd shaped. Bed was comfortable. I believe lobby was about to be renovated, so it was non descipt. Staff was helpful.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MayfieldCats
<Content>Not a good experience We are staying here right now. Been here two nites. I just book my last two nights with hotel down the street (Marriott). The room is very nice but we had a number of problems from the start: Telephone didn't work, tv remote didn't work, two light bulbs were out, the safe didn't work and a hook in the bathroom is ready to fall out.I had to request these repairs TWICE before they were fixed. (The hook is still not fixed.) The final straw was this morning, our wakeup call never happened. Luckily I am a light sleeper and our room is situated next to the elevator so I haven't slept well anyway. I also had to ask them to turn the music down by the elevator, the saxaphone music came right into my room. Maid service did not come until 5 p.m. last night!! Hope your stay here is better than ours.......  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	1	4	

<Author>skimeld
<Content>Average - clean rooms, good location, awful food A nice clean Renaissance, nothing special. But the restaurant is closed - as with many New orleans businesses post-Katrina. Room service food was awful. I'd stay here over the French Quarter any time however, as it's a short walk and you dont get all the noise of the revellers of (horrible) Bourbon Street etc.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Deedumans
<Content>Really good value We paid $99 per night for our room for 3 people. The decor was very cool, the rooms very clean, and the staff very nice. They even let us do our laundry for free. Very Comfortable beds!The location was a quick two minute walk to Bourbon Street...yes, you have to walk over Canal and it can be a bit sketchy, but all in all felt pretty safe.They have very limited services...eg room service in limited hours, but were happy to put us in touch with a pizza place that delivered until 4am.All in all very good value and a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ffxstation
<Content>Nice accomidations, good location, limited services We stayed here for my wife's weekend conference. The hotel itself was very clean and the rooms were big with comfortable beds. The location is pretty good one block from canal across from the french quarter. The customer service from the front desk was good, meaning they tried to accomodate everyones requests with the limited services they had on site. They didn't have room service for the guests (unless you were with a particular convention), the onsite restaurant is closed (under repair?). The fitness center is large and has alot of good equipment. The pool was not open when we were there.Bottom line: Nice place if you don't want to be pampered with amentities.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	3	3	

<Author>jrman66
<Content>A nice small hotel The location of this hotel is great; one block off of Bourban street, however, all the buildings surrounding this hotel are boarded up and at night this can get a little creepy.Inside the hotel the lobby is small but nice. The rooms are of decent size, clean with a simple, modern decor, and the bathrooms are quite big. There isn't much of a bar, and the restaurant has a limited menu. I'd pass on the breakfast given the cost/what you get ratio.The internet connection was fast, but pricey. What I did like the most, was the comfortable bed.If you are a business traveler who likes to stay in the hotel at night this is not the place for you (only because there isn't much of a bar/restaurant). However, given the location, room size... this hotel is a decent choice for business travelers.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Boston_girl6
<Content>Ok hotel--clean but loud and in a so-so location This hotel was ok--but nothing special. I stayed 6 nights for a big conference that was in town. I got the impression that the hotel was nice a few years ago but suffered a bit with Katrina. The staff was very friendly and polite. The room was nice--clean and fairly big. It was pretty loud though--seems like the walls are a bit thin. Plus the cleaning people were extremely loud--talking very, very loudly in the hall starting at 8:00am daily. Other guests were loud, too--there was yelling at the pool, plus banging and other very loud noises from the floor above and room next door. This isn't the hotel's fault per se, but it did make my stay less pleasant. Two other minor problems: the business center lost a package sent to me they had signed for, and one day my room wasn't cleaned and the staff showed up around 7 pm to clean.The location of the hotel is ok--a bit shady, though, due to the number of vacant and boarded up buildings nearby. The proximity to the French Quarter was great, though--a very easy walk. I was hesitant to walk alone after dark in the area, though. The section of Canal St. the hotel is near is pretty sketchy.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>haji
<Content>Nothing special I recently stayed at this hotel while on a business trip. The location of the hotel reletive to the French Quarter is great. It is one block off of Canal St. away from the Quarter. Unfortunately, the area that it is located is still showing evidence of Katrina. There are a lot of empty buildings and remodeling still going on. There isn't much of anything around in the way of shops and restaurants unless you wander a bit from the hotel. The hotel itself is somewhat difficult to find. It is on a small offstreet and surrounded by one-way streets and is not easily seen from street level. The lobby has been nicely redone although the dining area seems to be almost empty at night. The floors are named for Jazz greats, but other than the name there doesn't seem to be anything special about them. The rooms are nicely furnished but nothing out of the ordinary other than the microwave and small fridge in the rooms. My room was clean, however the room assigned to my colleague had not been completely cleaned upon check-in. The front desk assigned him another room with no problems. In addition, there is no concierge lounge for Rewards members and they did not offer any alternatives to account for this. All-in-all I would say that if you want to stay at a Renaissance property, then do so at the Renaissance Arts. It is slightly farther from the Quarter but the area and the hotel itself are much better.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	3	2	

<Author>Zach-Anne
<Content>Great place to stay at, ideal location       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GulfCoastGuy
<Content>If not for the people, this would be rated much lower. A Marriott property loyalist for over 15 years now and a platinum for 10 of those, we were a bit disappointed in this hotel, even with some sympathy/empathy for them and the area well over a year after Katrina.From the poor design and direction in checking in, getting bellman assistance in parking our car to the ever changing mood of our room keys, this hotel rates low on my list currently and was of less overall quality to the Country Inn and Suites on Magazine where I have stayed recently.Other issues included toliets that would not flush properly, high charges for services like internet access and an overall feel of a hotel barely surviving. We checked ourselves in and out with a cart, we changed keys six times over a two day stay and with the Club Lounge out of commission and not much else going on in hotel, I was left with lots of time on my hands when the wife wanted to sleep a few hours longer than I did. They did not even have papers available on a Sunday morning and did not seem to be phased by this at all, sending me to Walgreens for one.The hotel did provide free breakfast daily for their gold and platinum members and tried to appear as they were still a full service hotel. As I stated earlier, the only reason for a rating of average was the niceness of the people here BUT it could not make up for the shortcomings of the property.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	2	3	2	

<Author>prtlady
<Content>Terrible Valet Customer Service The stay at the hotel was average. However the parking for each night was $28.00 per night. The parking clearly stated that the $28.00 fee was for 24 hours. After the Bayou Classic (football game) my family was approached by the manager of valet for an additional $8.00. The manager of valet stated that the 24 hour parking fee was not valid after 4:30 pm regardless of the time of check in - clearly contradicting what the sign posted said. What is ironic about the situation is that the valet manager stated that they were not affiliated with the hotel and still wanted to view our billing statement. Because I don't believe in public scrimmages we paid the $8.00 but did not receive a receipt. This needs serious attention. I would hate to think that this was part of a scheme- to con people out of money, but there is some doubt as to the validity of this situation.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>macnalex26
<Content>Luxury  The suites in this hotel are absolutely stunning, with great city views and jacuzzi tubs. The hotel was quiet and private. I definitely recommend this hotel to adult travelers who look for luxury, comfort and privacy in a hotel.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lisatravels
<Content>Excellent choice - great service I stayed at this hotel back in June for a conference and have been meaning to post this review for several months now. I was absolutely amazed at the excellent service provided by this hotel. Not only was the service here amongst some of the best service I have ever received at a hotel anywhere, but I was really expecting limited service after reading about post-Katrina NO. I had excellent service from everyone from the desk clerks to the concierges to the wait staff and the doormen. My room and bathroom were spotless. The room was nice, though nothing particularly special. I did really appreciate the fact that there was a lot of natural light in the room as there were 2 huge windows and the bed was very comfortable. The room also had a fridge and microwave, which I liked. In terms of furniture the room only had a desk, desk chair, dresser/entertainment center and the beds. The bathroom was VERY nice. It was marble and had salon type toiletries. When I was there the restaurant hadn't reopened yet and there was a limited selection of dinner entries served in the lobby, so I can't evaluate dinner. The last day I decided to have lunch at the hotel as I didn't have time to go elsewhere. They had a fixe price 3 course lunch for $20 and it was great, particularly the mussels.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cokerbud
<Content>Great Hotel If everyone would have worked as hard as the folks at Renaissance Pere Maquette Hotel to get New Orleans back in shape, the job would be done. This hotel is beautiful in every way, and the rooms, although small, were clean and quiet with a wonderful bed. The staff makes you feel at home and have to be the friendliest folks on the planet. The hotel is close to the French Quarter and is easy to find. You will not go wrong staying at this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel I thought this hotel was very beautiful. The rooms were great as well. The beds had nice duvet covers and were comfortable. The hotel is located close to the French Quarter so it is easy to get around. I highly recommend.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fcc11
<Content>Great Service @ Wonderful Hotel Must agree with the last few reviews. The staff more than makes up for the few inconveniences as the hotel tries to get back to its former state. Room spacious and airy with large bathroom with glass enclosed shower. Incredibly soft and comfy beds . Wonderfully fragrant herbal soaps and shampoos are provided. Small fridge and microwave are a great convenience. Pool is small but provides a cool,quiet environment to unwind. Restaurant plans to reopen in August. Quick and easy check in upstairs with concierge service at lobby entrance. Staff was friendly and professional-going all out to make your stay a great experience. Spread the news that New Orleans is ready and willing to show you a good time ... and the Renaissnace Pere Marquette will be a wonderful host for your stay!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay in the Big Easy The room was clean and quiet, and the ambience was a perfect retreat from the hot New Orleans sun. Big fluffy beds and nice showers made the visit even more enjoyable.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful experience A beautiful hotel with a very friendly and welcoming staff. I completely agree with what the traveler from Baton Rouge said in the June 23rd review.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jlk0413
<Content>Wonderful hotel The Renaissance Pere Marquette is a wonderful small hotel. The staff was so friendly and very helpful. The room was extrememly confortable and the bath was large.Marriott's have a new bed system that makes the beds the best in the business. I slept very well. They have a workout room, laundry facilities and a small pool - all of which met my needs.While, as in most of New Orleans, there are some issues. The hotel restaurant has been moved to the lobby on the first floor. They are renovating the original. The menu is somewhat limited but the food was wonderful and well presented. Streets around this hotel are under construction and that made it somewhat diffucult to drive. There is still much to do in all of New Orleans to get things back to pre-katrina levels.What ever this hotel lacked, it made up for with excellent staff and small touches that made you feel welcome. They bend over backwards to see if they can accomodate you.One nice touch - in the evening, they put candles on each step of the stairway to the second floor. Very nice and indicative of their wilingness to make your stay pleasant.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Now you see it, now you don't!! The pictures that tempts the traveller to select a hotel, are not, and I repeat are not, what is pictured for this hotel. The pool is the size of a large hot tub. The hotel lobby and front desk has been moved to the second floor and looks like a hot dog stand. The room that I had was dated and some of the appliances didn't work. To add insult to injury, if you park at the hotel and you have little option doing anything else, be prepared for a $28 a nite service charge. In addition, getting your car can be time consuming and frustrating.Lastly the buffet breakfast served on the first floor is a joke!! Terrible food and service.Try another hotel!!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>IrishFan
<Content>Great staff, great hotel Loved the rooms, very nice and helpful staff. Still doing some fix up work after Katrina, so no bar or restaurant. But that's not too much of an issue in New Orleans, as the property is only a couple of blocks from the French Quarter. Somewhat iffy neighborhood between the hotel and the Quarter, but it's such a short distance and on busy roads so I didn't feel threatened or anything, came and went at all hours by myself with no problems.They were working full speed ahead on the restaurant area in mid-March so hopefull it will be back to normal soon.Room was a bit on the small side, but comfortable, nice bed, nice bathroom, plenty of closet space.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alyson003
<Content>Only a short walk to the quarter Hotel is still going through some construction. It took me awhile to find out where to check in. When I arrived there wasn't anyone on the first floor and finally figured out the front desk was on the second floor. So that was odd. I really like the furnishings in the room. They seemd recently updated. The bathroom was a good size and so was the room, but I think it was bigger beacuse it was a corner room. Internet access costs $10 a day so that was irritating when so many hotels offer it for free now. I felt safe here. It's only two blocks from Bourbon and I never felt threatened walking around. But you should NEVER walk by yourself anywhere in New Olreans. Once the St. Charles streetcar gets running again you're only a block from it. I would recommend this hotel if you can get it for less than $130 a night. They still have some service issues, but I expect this is going to be a problem in New Olreans for a long time.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Phenomenal My husband and I stayed here during our first visit to New Orleans (July 2005) and could not have asked for more wonderful accomodations. The staff was superb and made every wish a reality. We had a fantastic corner king size room with a full bath (with bath tub) and luxurious accomodations. We easily walked to the french quarter daily, returned late at night, and felt safe at all times (which is suprising for me- I tend to be paranoid at times). We definitely plan to stay here on our future trips to New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not feeling the love ... TRAVELERS BEWARE. My husband and I had a pre-Katrina reservation that we were seriously considering canceling due to the disruption of life in New Orleans. However, we decided to stick by the city's side for our anniversary trip in early December. About the time we decided not to cancel, we got a call from the Marriott Corporation. They let us know our reservations were confirmed but that the hotel's restaurant, lobby, and bar would be closed for renovations; the rep was effusive in his thanks for our not canceling our trip. We felt very good about being loyal to New Orleans--and Marriott.HOWEVER, when we arrived at the Renaissance Pere Marquette, we were told our reservation was no longer valid at the pre-Katrina rate. It will be substantially higher, said the female desk attendant, who was very gruff and curt with us. She claimed our reservation was a corporate one--not one through them directly (???). When we asked to see the manager, someone (not the manager) came down and was sarcastic in stating that he could not honor our previous reservations--we would have to pay much more to stay there. They also told us no other rooms were available in the city. (!)We're not sure what's going on but we're contacting the city's hotline on price-gouging to find out how they can investigate them not honoring corporate reservations.HAPPILY, we paid more for a room with EXQUISITE service at the Hotel Monteleone, where employees are constantly thanking us for our help in rebuilding the city's economy. And our anniversary trip has been saved!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DeeThom
<Content>Don't stay here if you value your life Don't stay here - The hotel is ONE block away from the homeless shelter. Hubby went out at 9:00 a.m. on August 12th, 2005, and was mugged by 3 homeless men, they demanded money, hubby gave them all he had - hubby was lucky he left with his life. When told the General Manager what happened - - - He said - they won't hurt you - I'm from New York, and am used to homeless people - it's no big deal.This hotel tells you they are 2 blocks away from burboun street which they are. . . . the wrong two blocks - they are on the WRONG side of Canal Street - Air Condiditoning did not work in the room - did not fix - was told that this is the best it gets. Had coupons to eat for breakfast as part of our package, was told by front desk that kids age 10 and under eat free - - - -not - they tried to bill my room $40.00 for a bowl of oatmeal for my daughter, and an order of kiddie size french toast for my son. . . . No king Size rooms at all have bathtubs, showers only - after being told that there were bathtubs - NOT.The Pool is tiny, plus there are 1 1/2 flights of stairs to climb to get to it. . . father who walks with the assistance of a cane was told that there was an elevator, so he didn't have to climb stairs - . . . . NOT - it was broken - and was being used as a broom closet. Elevator obvioulsy has been broken for quite some time.Was told I could use $100.00 Renaissance/Marriott Bonus Bucks at their facility - NOT - they would not accept them. We checked out after one horrible night at this location. If you value your life - don't stay here.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sandy_riblet
<Content>Perfect stay at the Pere Marquette We spent the first night of our honeymoon at the Pere Marquette and really did not want to leave.We were too tired to go out on the town, but shortly after we checked in, our 'personal server' Tamika called up to say she had something special for us... she arrived with a beautiful bottle of champagne and a tray of fruit, brie, and crackers. The service was so friendly and attentive, we really felt special.The bed was very luxurious and comfortable.We were also upgraded to a room on the top floor.The lobby and the room were both very nice, modern and stylish. The room wasn't huge, but it did not feel cramped in any way. The bathroom was also very nice - the lack of a bathtub (just a shower stall) was not a problem as we never use hotel tubs anyway.All of this was of course sweetened by the priceline price we paid - but when we saw what the full price was, we would gladly have paid that or more!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rbtpat
<Content>Incredible Hotel Staff I stay in hotels an average of 120 night per year and most hotel experiences run together unless they are terrible or in this case exceptional. As a platinum Marriott member, I decided to stay here because it was close to the french quarter and I like the perks. Little did I know that this was the Ebony Magazine music festival. This town was packed with people and the staff at the Pere Marquette handled it without so much as a frown. The staff was so helpful and friendly, you felt like they couldn't do enough. The wonderful women in the conciege lounge were the most personable that I've met anywhere. The rooms were very comfortable as I would expect in a Renaissance, but it was the people that made it memorable. Kudo's to management and staff!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal Treatment The hotel is conveniently located (you can walk most anywhere). On check in we were offered apples. The staff were great. My sister and I took our 68 year old mother to New Orleans. The bellman serenaded us after unloading our luggage and showing us around the room. He stayed (and smiled) while my mother played twenty questions. He sang You are the Sunshine of my life when got us settled in but I'm sure he was singing Amazing Grace on his way down. We were given suggestions on which tours to take and where to eat. The rooms were clean and classy. The service was super. The parking was pricey. It was $25.00 per night to park your car in the hotel parking lot.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice rooms, hotel, great people! We stayed at the Renaissance Pere Marquette during June 2005. We paid $85/night via priceline.com.This is a great hotel. Everyone was extremely friendly, helpful during check-in, etc. Anytime you passed a maid, bellboy, etc anywhere in the hotel, it was always, HI, how are you? How's your stay so far? etc The staff was excellent.Overall, the hotel is very nice, done up in a modern style. The lobby is super air-conditioned, you'll appreciate this in muggy NOLA. The lobby is big, plush chairs. The overall hotel was kept CLEAN, including the lobby, the hallways, the rooms, etc.The rooms themselves are smallish, with one table and a Herman Miller chair, one king-sized bed (in our case), and a small bench at the edge of the bed. The bathrooms are spacious, but only have a shower, and no bath-tub, jacuzzi, etc. There is a safe in the room that is large enough to accomodate a laptop --- which is very nice, and got its use while we were there. There's a closet with plenty of hangers, and free robes for your use(we didn't use them)Overall the rooms are modern, up to date, very clean, etc. The maid always had the room cleaned from the time we left, 'til the time got back. We often slept in, and so we might leave at 11am, and be back within a couple hours. A lot of hotels don't pay attention to your schedule, or bang on the door at 9am or 10am. The cleaning staff was very attentive.The room size is quite acceptable at the price we paid. I would have been upset had I paid more than $200/night and got this room. I still think this hotel would be a bargain at twice the price, however. The in-room adjustable air-conditioner worked great, which is sometimes shaky in hotels in warm areas. There is in-room high speed internet access ($10 extra per night), but we didn't need it. My laptop picked up a free dhcp-providing wireless internet access from somewhere --- not sure if it was the hotel's or a neighboring business in the tall office building next door.The pool, btw, is small and only 3.6ft deep. There are perhaps only 8 chairs around the pool, but we had no problem getting in and out of the pool. The free health club/gym that was there had enough equipment including treadmills, weights, etc.The location is just outside of the French Quarter, one block west of Canal St, and one block North of Bourbon street. Definitely far enough from the noise/commotion, and not a bad walk to the French Quarter. Crossing Canal can sort of be a pain in the butt, but there are 'walk' lights for pedestrians. The St. Charles streetcar stops right at the edge of the hotel's street (Common Street), and provides easy access to various parts of New Orleans including Garden District, Riverfront, etc etc. The location is good.I saw some negative reviews of the hotel listed here, and I wonder if they even stayed at the same hotel as we did. We won this hotel via Priceline, and wondered what we had got ourselves into. When we arrived, everything was perfect.I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay. And couldn't have asked for anything more at the price-point we paid.....  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DrDoolittle
<Content>Bachelor Party Weekend Just got home from another tremendous trip in NO. The hotel was very nice with a boutique feel to it. The rooms are definitely small but the bathrooms were very roomy. The pool is more of the size of a jacuzzi but enjoyable enough to just cool off from the humidity. By the way who goes to New Orleans and spends a lot of time in the hotel anyway. Check for deals if you are AAA members. We paid half the price. The staff at the front desk was tremendous. When they found out that it was my B-party weekend they sent up some champagne to the room. However do not expect to get room service until late in the afternoon. The hotel was exactly what we were looking for. We were able to get to Bourbon St. within a 5 minute walk. It gave us the ability to enjoy the partying but when we wanted to go back to our hotel at 4:00 AM we did not have to deal with the SMELL and noise of the clean up on Bourbon st. Anyone who has been to New Orleans knows exactly what I am writing about. Make sure you hit Ricks, the best of the bunch. Do not waste time with the other clubs. Cafe Dumond for Beignets. Jacque-I-mos for aligator cheesecake and Commanders Palace for the Bread Pudding. As for the partying, if you can't find it here do not even bother to head to the Big Easy.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>goingonvaca
<Content>Great Spot Over Memorial Day weekend, I had the pleasure of staying at the Pere Marquette. The rooms were plenty big, it was mod and chic, everything was very clean; and the staff was so friendly! Location was great - a couple blocks from Bourbon St. We ate breakfast in the hotel twice and it was just fine - standard fare. The rooftop pool was small, but room enough for a good number of people to sit around and enjoy a little oasis in the city. As far as value goes, we booked through hotels.com for about $120/ night. I thought it was pretty reasonable considering I spent the weekend in Manhattan recently and paid triple that for the same type of boutique like hotel with a much smaller room. I would recomend the Pere Marquette to my friends and family.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nachi
<Content>small rooms ..but pricey We stayed in the hotel during the french quarter festival. The hotel is just two blocks away from the french quarter and is super close to the st.charles street car line. we stayed in the 9th floor and got a corner room. It was very quiet.The lobby is really really nice.. The rooms are kinda small though. Even though the check in time was mentioned as 3.00pm , when we checked in at 1.00pm the room was ready and they let us in which was really nice. The bathroom did not have toilet tissues and when we called in they came and placed one immediately. We also had problems with the flush , but it was fixed immediately. The bathrooms do not not have an exhaust and kinda stinks immediately after some one has used it.The bath room shower did not have enough force and the bath tub was super small size. The swimming pool in the hotel is super small (kiddie size).Overall i would say for the prize we paid we expected a little bit more than what was there.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>halls12590
<Content>Not Worth the Money We stayed at this hotel during the French Quarter Festival, and had many problems. First, the wall next to our bed had the elevator shaft on the other side. All night long you could hear the noise of the elevator (including the bells) as it went from floor to floor - very annoying. Even more annoying, however, was the lack of water pressure in the bathroom. It took me at least 45 minutes to shower every morning (I have long hair) and my boyfriend had to sit on the floor of the tub to get himself wet. Add to this that we were woken up one morning at 8:00am by construction being done on a room adjacent to ours... When we complained they appologized, but nothing was done to fix these problems. The maid service was wonderful, as was the location - but you would expect much more from a hotel this expensive. In short, if you have hair to wash and expect to sleep and be relaxed on your vacation DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Brian Thomas
<Content>Comfortable, quiet, luxurious This hotel is a welcome relief from standard New Orleans fare. The rooms are imaginative, the bathrooms large and boutique-like and the hotel in general is clean and quiet. I had a lovely corner room. Try for the high floors, and get the rooms ending in 15 if you can. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Top notch restaurant and bar.Best of all, elevators always came right away. I checked in at noon with no problem and no special arrangements. Great location one block from the quarter.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DieFlaterMouse
<Content>Very Nice Hotel My wife and I stayed here for the weekend. Overall I was very impressed. The hotel was nice and I found the staff very polite and accommodating, for the most part. Our room and bathroom were both very large and clean. I did notice from the floor plan on the evacuation plan on the back of our door that we were in one of the larger rooms on our floor. Walking by a few open doors confirmed that some of the rooms were much smaller than ours. The bed was extremely comfortable.Now the cons: we booked a romance package that came with champange and strawberries and a free breakfast. No one ever mentioned anything about our package. I specifically had to ask at check in about our champagne and strawberries. The girl said she would let room service know and send them right up. An hour later I had to call the front desk to check on it. They arrived shortly after that. Again, the next morning I had to call and find out about our free breakfast. So, I was a little disappointed that I had to constantly ask about receiving everything from our package.I found the waitress in the restaurant to be rather unfriendly, at least to the wife and me. She was very chatty with others that came in, but not very attentive to us.And finally, someone apparently removed our do not disturb sign during the night and I had the maid banging on my door at 8:00 a.m. to ask what time I was checking out.Overall, I liked this hotel a lot and would stay there again, despite the few disappointing experiences we had.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfy beds, top-notched service Moderate-sized boutique hotel in a great location. It's one block from Canal Street and Bourbon Street. The beds are very comfortable with great fluffy pillows. The bathrooms come with Bath  Body Works products, Q-tips, shoe shine cloth, hairdryer, and cotton balls. The service is very courteous and always done with a smile. Its restaurant, Rene Bistrot, is one of the best in the city, serving delicious French cuisine that can be ordered for room delivery. The only big downside is the cost of internet. They charge you $9.99 per day, yet there's no wireless. The walls are a bit thin, but that seems to be a typical problem of New Orleans hotels.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hummel
<Content>Pere Marquette - C'est Bon! An apology for the lateness of this review -- we stayed for 4 nights last March at the Pere Marquette. After reading so many complaints about rooms not being clean at various hotels, I chose the Pere Marquette because it was new and had good reviews. It turned about to be a great place to stay! The decor is moderne but it's light and colorful, not distressingly spare and cold as some of the ultra-chic hotels are. Our room was not large but it was perfectly comfortable. The house restaurant, Rene Bistrot, had excellent food - wonderful breakfasts, as well as French dinners. The staff at the hotel and restaurant are definitely customer-oriented - they are so well-trained to be friendly and polite, it's clearly a corporate value. We noticed the pleasant attitude all around the hotel. When we had breakfast across the street at the Fairmont one morning the difference in staff attitude was very apparent. The location is quite convenient for walking to the French Quarter or taking the street car to the Garden District. All in all, a very pleasant stay!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CJKatl
<Content>Nice hotel. My room was awesome! The bathroom was very spacious, the staff sweet as could be. Great location - close to Bourbon Street action, away from Bourbon Street noise.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelRick
<Content>Very Nice and a Great Location I tried this hotel and I liked it a lot! The rooms aren't the largest but they were nicely decorated and the Art Deco is a very nice touch. The Bed was comfortable and the staff very bice and friendly with an welcome ring of Beads. The Lounge is very nice and getting around is quick and easy. You are basically a block from Canal and Bourbon and it is by far quieter! I've stayed at many hotels here and in the French Quarter. I prefer the business district where pere Marquette is. I think you will enjoy it!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice find. I am frequent visitor to New Orleans I have stayed in many of the Canal area highrise hotels. The Pere Marquette certainly surpasses many of the cookie cutter properties in staff attutude and accomodation. I agree with another's comment that parking is a bit steep, esp for guest. I had a housekeeping issue upon my arrival. I telephoned the supervisor and she persoanlly corrected the problem. The front desk staff was also helpful with faxes, etc. The morning attendant in the concerige lounge was especially friendly. (Be sure to try and get a room ending in -18...very nice size room.) Rene Bistrot is one of my favorite New Orleals eateries, so to be in the same building was wonderful. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, small room My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in October. The hotel is nicely decorated and the staff were pleasant. Unsolicited, they upgraded our room at check-in to the club level. Although, having stayed there I don't believe I would pay extra for it. The complimentary breakfast was very routine, fruit, bagel etc. Our biggest complaint was the size of the room. VERY SMALL. Actually hard for two people to unpack and store two suitcases! Aside from the size, the room was nice and the bed very comfortable. The location was reasonably convenient and quiet. It was an easy walk to the french quarter and the tram is nearby. Lunch at Renee's located in the hotel was very good. At the price we paid I would probably consider elsewhere for a more spacious room.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mingcpeng
<Content>the conceirge named Ashley was very helpful We enjoyed our stay here very much over the Halloween weekend. It was very close to Burbon street. The rooms were a little small but other then that it was great. The Concerige named Ashely was so very nice and helpful. We were looking for a top rated restaurant at the last minute for Halloween night and he called and arranged it for us.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigguyinpasadena
<Content>Great Stay.WONDERFUL STAFF!!!! A great find in New Orleans.Tastefuly decocorated public areas and rooms,great beds.My room was an odd shape,but large,quiet(14th floor)and had a huge batroom with a tub/shower combo.The staff never said noto any of my request,and I can be demanding at times.EVERYONE I encountered at this hotel were as friendly as could be.This is going to be my base in NOLA from now on.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay at a reasonable price, October 18-20, 2004 My wife and I stayed here for a strategic planning seminar held at the hotel. I am always perplexed by the mixed reviews some hotels get. That said, I realize that hotels have a variety of rooms and a variety of staff working at any one time.Contrary to many of the other reviews we felt our room was quite spacious and had an excellent view of Canal St., the river, and the Quarter. Perhaps we were merely lucky with this room (# 1718) which was high enough up on the Quarter side of the building for a good view and situated such that there was ample space for two people. There was plenty of space for easily manuevering around several pieces of luggage and brief cases left out in the room in addition to what we stowed in the closet. Maybe we had a handicapped accessible room and didn't know it?!? Alternately, since this is a remodeled office building perhaps we just benefited from the stretch of hallway along which this room was located.The bathrom was also very large by any standard I use ( my wife and I could both get ready at the same time with room to spare). Also, the desk had a large enough work surface to do my paperwork without having to move the phone, lamps, or hotel advertising tent cards.The exercise center on the third floor was equipped with two each, treadmills and steppers plus three weight lifting machines and a rack of free weights. There were stacks of fresh towels and a chilled water machine in there as well as a separate men's and women's restroom/shower room. The outdoor pool was a bit small and barely allowed for swimming laps and seemed more of a place to cool off. It may just have been my luck but from 6 am to 7 am the Tuesday and Wednesday mornings I was there there were only two other people in the center at that hour.The front desk staff was polite and without exception, every staff member who either passed us in the elevator or was waiting for an elevator during those 48 hours greeted us and asked if everything was going OK with our visit at the hotel( this included a bellman taking something up to a room, someone in a blazer, and a maintenance engineer! I know that the management would have been proud of this often skipped chance for positive interaction with the patron.)My only disappointment was having to give my car up for valet parking. First of all, $25 per day seemed a bit higher than I wanted to pay and it was inconvenient not having access to my car which usually serves me as my office. On the other hand, I know how hard it is to find parking in the New Orleans CBD and Quarter.The overall price I paid ( base rate of $159) seemed reasonable to me considering what I have seen quoted for similar properties in New Orleans in season. Then again, our conference organizer had received a group rate)We would definitely stay there again as long as we got the same room or it's equivalent and met the same staff or their equivalent. Don't know what to say about those who had tiny rooms with no view and surly staff although as stated above, hotels this large have many rooms and many employees just like a cruise ship and that can make all the difference.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KJF49
<Content>Certainly above average We were guests at the hotel from September 22-28, 2004. The rooms were clean and comfortable. From the front desk to the concierge, the staff was friendly and accomodating. Restaurant personnel were attentive and helpful and the food at Rene's Bistro was wonderful. The bar manager, Leonard, a veteran bartender of over 20 years, was very enjoyable and made us the BEST cocktails, including hurricanes, of our 7 day stay. He gave us advice on restaurants where the locals enjoyed eating and we were able to try different places we normally would not have experienced. Location was a plus, 2 short blocks from Canal and Bourbon Streets and the streetcar lines. Being in the business district, there was not much for a view out the window, but with all New Orleans has to offer, why would you be staying in your room? We definitely would book a return visit.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shaundreef
<Content>Great Hotel!!! This hotel was wonderful! We stayed here from 9/11/04 - 9/17/04. We were supposed to leave on 9/15/04 but got stuck there due to Hurricane Ivan. The hotel continued our special rate of $99.00 (Breakfast Incld) for the additional days. The staff did the best that they could to please and ease the fears of those guests that were trapped in the city due to Ivan. Our rooms were well appointed and clean. The hotel restaurant served very good food and the staff there was very friendly and helpful as well. The location was just a few blocks away from everything (French Quarter, Warehouse District, etc.). I would definately recommend and stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Okay The rooms are very small and roll away are not allowed. Service was just okay. Not a 4star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very satisfied This hotel was convenient, clean, comfortable and roomy. The staff was very pleasant and accommodating. The restaurant was excellent.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Lounge, Tiny Rooms, So-so location A great lounge with a friendly and very skilled bartender make up for a tired chic hotel in a side-street location. You can probably do a bit better than this place, and for less money. The rooms are very small and unfortunately that can be too cramped once you open a suitcase. I cannot imagine trying to accomodate two humans in these rooms.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Weak! Rude Staff! Bad Oder! 12 of my friends and I stayed here. I booked 3 rooms for 12 people and at that time they told me 2 double beds would be no problem. When we got to the hotel and checked in not only did our rooms have a bad oder they had one king bed in each room! I had to argue and raise cain to get a free roll away in each room. We had to rotate nights sleeping on the floor! Also after I returned home they charged my cc an extra $200 for a cleaning fee! What did they expect 4 dirty guys crammed in a room with one bed?? The hotel didnt seem to care one bit that they destroyed our vacation but they were quit rude about it and acted as if they didnt have time to deal w/ our complaints! I will never stay at a Renaissance hotel again!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flyerno.one
<Content>Average Hotel  Stayed a weekend in June, very average hotel, the room was very,very,very small. The staff was ok. But I would not say this was a 4 star hotel as advertised. the location was pretty good, it was very near the French Quarter,and Canal Street.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice Clean, comfortable, extremely courteous service, good restaurant.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Crankee
<Content>Encore! I can't remember when I've had a more pleasant hotel stay (4/9-12). The hotel decor is chic and comfortable. The staff is outstanding, motivated, competent and warm -- Marriott Corp., I hope you're rewarding these employees for their performance and dedication. Would stay here again and again and again and again...  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service and location at the Renaissance!   showReview(1539044, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wherbig
<Content>We'll return and suggest to others   showReview(1513324, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice overall   showReview(1497912, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jdbaron
<Content>very nice hotel, with one caveat....   showReview(1494129, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location/forget swiming   showReview(1355027, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect week-end at the Pere Marquette   showReview(1257264, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>air vent blows in your face   showReview(821958, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location   showReview(707735, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Very nice hotel!   showReview(611018, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Danger! Tobacco Smoke Poisons Everyone!   showReview(470510, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

