<Author>ccyy4
<Content>Overpriced aging hotel in a great location I booked this hotel on priceline. The hotel made a mistake when they entered their information so we got the rooms for 20% of the usual price. It took some time and a lot of arguing but the hotel did ultimately agree to honor the price, since it was their mistake.Good things first- the location is perfect. It is within walking distance of everything you want to see, of course depending on how much you are willing to walk. It's a block from La Ramblas and really close to the train station. The exterior and the lobby look very pretty and luxurious. The suite was really spacious and there were two flatscreen tvs. There was a separate living room and a hallway leading up to the bedroom/living room/bathroom. On to the bad. The furniture and the decorations looked like they might have been nice once but were now shabby and worn. The rug and bedding were threadbare and could definitely use an upgrade. The worst part for me was that it was dirty. There were hairs in the sink and bathtub from previous occupants and the bathroom floor wasn't clean. My feet were dirty after walking around on the rug barefoot (forgot my slippers). Lastly, the hotel staff is not very friendly and pretty much only answer yes or no if you ask a question. The price for internet service, as mentioned by other reviewers, is outrageous!I have stayed at lower rated hotels that have been a lot nicer (and cleaner). A four star hotel should, at the very least, be clean. Also, I would have traded in the 2 flat screen tvs for newer bedding. Considering the price I paid for this hotel, I feel a little guilty for complaining. If I had paid the list price, I would have been furious! I would not stay at this hotel again, even for the price I paid. On a random note, there was a strike going on outside the hotel while we were there. I don't know Spanish but I am pretty sure it was a workers' union strike. This wasn't until right before we left though, so it wouldn't have affected the hotel service. It made it hard to get in and out of the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Stephaniedawson
<Content>What lovely staff! What lovely staff and great location for this beautiful hotel. I always feel bad that I have no Spanish at all on my trips away but the staff here did in no way make me feel silly and were so helpful it was unreal. On arriving they greeted us and gave us maps of the centre and info on how to get to all the best shops. Our room was lovely and very clean. The view was not great but hey we booked on a cheap website and you can not ask for it all!! They have a mini bar in the room and they also have a good room service menu. We never ate in the hotel as the area is surrounded by excellent restaurants and bars. Would definteky stop here again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>meadowsong
<Content>Stunningly Opulent Hotel This hotel was everything I imagined it to be and more-it has to be seen to be believed!!The location of this breathtakingly beautiful hotel is perfect -close to La Rambla and a short walk to the old harbour 'Port Vell' and the Olympic harbour.Transport from the airport via train is easy and convient and will take you to Passeig de Gracia and from there it is a short walk to the hotel.Within the vacinity of the hotel there are plenty of cafes and restaurants offering good food and outside eateries create a relaxed ambience for dinning.The hotel staff were friendly and accommodating and our room was immaculate(as was the entire hotel)The buffet breakfast was excellent-fresh and plentiful.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pelbro
<Content>Good hotel - Great location! We enjoyed a long weekend at the Avenida Palace. This is an old-style, elegant hotel - the antithesis of the lately-popular ultra-modern, minimalist establishments (where we also enjoy staying from time to time). The staff is friendly and multi-lingual. Our room was large with a comfortable king-size bed and two chairs, so that we were both able to sit and watch the flat screen TV. The bathroom was large and supplied with plenty of towels, a good shower and a decent-size soap. We were not bothered by any noise from other rooms nor from outside. Having read reviews from other travelers, we decided to skip the 20 euro per person breakfast buffet and went round the corner to have a continental breakfast for 1/4 the price. Logging on to internet is a bit expensive at 5 euros for 15 min. Other hotels of this category provide internet service for free. We avoided using anything from the mini-bar since the prices are also quite high. The location of the hotel is ideal for seeing the sights and shopping. Bus and metro stops are a few steps away at the corner of Passeig de Gracia. It's an easy walk to Plaza Catalunya and then down the Ramblas and into the Barrio Gotico. Good places to eat near the hotel are Txapela, just up the Passeig de Gracia, for tapas, and La Tramoia, for tapas or a full meal, very near the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	3	

<Author>Flitter
<Content>Good loaction but not so good hotel We stayed for 4 nights late November 08. Although a good location with easy access to train/underground I would not stay again. The central heating was useless and each day and night the room was far too hot, if you opened the windows you then got the heavy traffic noise and pollution, when reported to staff I was told that there was NO air conditioning. The room safe door was broken and the room was probably the darkest room I have ever stayed in.With plenty of other decent hotels about I will not return.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>NB34
<Content>Brilliant hotel ..........if they fix the air con ! Booked a 3 night stay through last minute .com. on a room only basis. Very impressed with the hotel on arrival. Sometimes, photos on a website can be a bit overstating but the Avenida Palace was just like the photos and the lobby / public area is beautiful. The Hotel's location is excellent (no more that 5 minutes liesurely walk to placa Catalunya and las Ramblas)Friendly staff checked us in and took us up to a room on the top floor. (We had requested an upper floor for quietness due to its city centre location.). The room was at the rear of the hotel, was spotless and lovely with a huge bed ,TV and mini bar and a nice large clean bathroom.There was one problem, the Air conditioning didn't work and the room was very stuffy and too hot. (about 30 degrees) I mentioned this to the guy on the desk and he was quite flippant ,saying that it didnt work in any of the rooms and that we should just open the window. which is what we did and it sorted the problemOn the second day, after returning to the hotel shattered from a day walking and seeing the sights, we went to get our key and were told that we would have to change rooms as there was no water on the top floor. we re packed and moved to a larger and nicer room on the 7th floor at the front of the building.This room was just as hot as the other and we opened the window to hear a din of the traffic below . After a sleepless night with the noise from the street we got some earplugs and cured the problem for the next night.As I said before, The Hotel's location is brilliant Just 5 mins walk from the main tourist areas. There are some lovely restaurants nearby which offer better quality and Value for money than those on the RamblasThere is a Metro station right outside the door of the hotel (we didnt notice any rumbling noises from this by the way)Only a very short walk to the placa de Catalunya where you can get the Airport bus (4 euros) or the open top Tourist bus (20 euros)Overall, i would say that this hotel is great but would recommend the following to anyone planning to stay there.1. Request a room at the rear of the hotel. (no view but quieter)2. Take earplugs in case you need to have windows open.3 Breakfast is expensive at 20 euros, but there is a great place called Fargo two minutes around the corner that does a fine selection breakfasts from 2 euros up to 10 euros and has a lovely Spanish atmosphere about it. 4. there is a sweet shop right next door to the hotel where you can buy bottled water for about a euro for a large bottle to save paying the 3 euros for the tiny bottle in the mini bar (you'll need it if they haven't sorted the air con)  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>colliebobbles
<Content>perfect hotel in perfect location We have just returned from a five day break to Barcelona and cannot fault the Avenida Palace Hotel.The location,service,cleanliness and the breakfast were all excellent. Would highly recommend this hotel. Used the metro to go to Sitges,very easy though the place very quiet this time of year. All in all Barcelona is a great place to visit, lots to see and do, nice restaurants etc.. Money saving tip..use the aerobus to and from the airport, bus stop just around the corner from the hotel and only 4euros each!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Auldayr
<Content>Great location       Hotel interior  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>rpmc47
<Content>good hotel, good spot Avenida Palace is located at the top of Las Ramblas and on a busy urban street with many shops and restaurants. It's a reasonable walk to many of the Barcelona locations that are high on peoples' touring check lists.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. We had a room at the front of the hotel on the sixth floor. I read other reviews that mentioned the rumble of the subway that apparently goes near or under the hotel. We did not have that problem on the 6th floor, but certainly noticed the rumble in the lobby...but didn't seem much worse than your nornal hotel elevator noise.There is an internet cafe with cheap fees within 150 yards.We'd stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BarneyBanbury
<Content>Lovely Hotel Enjoyed our stay at Avenida Palace. Hotel is in a great location close to main square and restaurants. Had a room at the front of hotel no problem with traffic noise due to excellent double glazed windows. Friendly staff and breakfast good. Would recommend this hotel for a comfortable stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>casa_tyr
<Content>Nice hotel, shame about the extra charges We found an excellent price for this hotel on Expedia - a lovely weekend to celebrate my daughter's 30th birthday.The hotel was fine - nice location, very convenient. Well maintained.The staff were ok - a bit prefunctory, but probably par for a business hotel.My main complaint were the internet charges. The website touts wifi in every room, plus a business centre. The charges for use, however, are outrageous - 10 euros for half an hour! I'm in the IT business myself, and I know just how cheap wifi is, so I really resent overpricing like this. There is no need for it anymore, and it makes the hotel uncompetitive, in my opinion.Oh, and a small bottle of water in the room costs 3.50 euros. The tap water is horrendous, so you have to pay it unless you remember to shop ahead!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>GatorFTL
<Content>Suberb Location We stayed at Avenida Palace (AP) for two nights before a Med cruise. The hotel had a great location near La Rambla. It was also near metro stations, which made it easy to get to main attractions like Sagrada Famaila and out to Sitges and the airport. Several buildings designed by Gaudi were also nearby.The rooms were very clean, comfortable and spacious. The staff was very helpful and efficient. This hotel seemed to cater to Americans and Britons. There is nothing negative to say about this property and it was perfect for our needs. I would certainly stay there again and recommend it highly. It was a great value compared to other properties we checked out.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dolly68
<Content>Fabulous, loved it Just returned from 5 days in Barcelona - fabulous trip.The Avenida Place was top notch - our room was a good size, well furnished and best of all had a small balcony with floor to ceiling doors. We were on the first floor at the front of the hotel, and the noise was not a problem at all (and we slept with the doors open). The hotel lobby is very ornate and good for picture opportunities. Best of all the staff were so helpful and friendly - they booked dinner and entertainment for us, offered advice on places to visit and when we left every morning made sure we knew how we were getting to them. I'm planning another trip to Barcelona and will definitely stay at the Avenida again - I cannot think of one thing to criticise.Mx  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shajan
<Content>Best Location in Barcelona This hotel is very well located in Barcelona, away from the noise and bustle of the Ramblas but close enough to be able to walk to the central square from where you can organise your tour of Barcelona. The rooms were clean and well maintained and the staff were helpful and friendly, they all spoke very good English too. The rooms had air conditioning which was very much appreciated as it was 30 degrees in August only going down to 26 degrees in the nightime. We stayed with children and were given an interconnecting rooms which allowed us to keep an eye on them. I would definitely stay there again.We booked room only to experience the local cafes etc. for food and we were not disappointed. Places I would recommend are : Udon - a noodle bar in the Gothic Quarter, Ginos - a very good italian restaurant in the Placa Catalunya. For fast food -Pans and Sandwich  Friends were great places for sandwiches, fries etc. Barcelona is not the best place for vegetarians but if you go to the La Boqueria market, it sells fresh fruit and fresh bread which is a real treat for all the senses. It opens really early as all the locals shop there but remember it is closed on Sundays. Do not miss the bus tour conducted by Bus Touristic - excellent way to see the city, hop on  off as you please, but arrive early to make sure you get onto the top deck for a good view. Buses are every 10 minutes and visit all the main sites.If you are not a fussy traveller or are travelling on a budget use the RENFE trains to travel from the airport to the hotel, it is only 2 blocks away and cost the 4 of us 10 euros in total - cheaper than a taxi and quicker than the airport bus.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TripAhoy08
<Content>Centre of Everything Was recommended Avenida Palace by a travel agent in Waterford and they couldn'tve picked a better hotel for our four night stay in Barcelona. Perfectly located by Passeig de Gracia train station ( 20mins direct from Barcelona Airport) we were warmly greeted by the front office staff especially Mar and Fernando.We were very happy with our room which over looked the street front. Whilst we didn't dine in the hotel, they happily helped us reserve a table at Shunka .Great location near shops and restaurants, would definately recommend Avenida for a weekend for weeks stay  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>testla
<Content>Lovely Hotel in a convenience location We stayed at the Hotel Avenida Palace in Barcelona for three days in December last year as a short break to celebrate a birthday.The hotel is in an ideal spot just north of Placa de Catalunya through which you need to cross to reach La Rambla and the waterfront.We arrived in Barcelona mid-evening following a Ryanair flight from Bournemouth to Genoa and caught the Barcelona bus directly to the city. The bus station in Barcelona at which this particular bus terminates is a good 20 minutes walk from the hotel and we were lucky we only had small bags and a good map as we didn鈥檛 want to take a taxi.The hotel lobby is ornate with a central large wrought iron staircase and balustrade beyond which is a very small bar leading into the restaurant. The Xmas tree was beautiful and the decorations very discreet.Our room was large and looked over a car park towards the back of the hotel 鈥?not particularly pretty but certainly nothing to complain about. We were fortunately on the fourth floor, too high to be disturbed by the rumble of the metro as mentioned by previous reviewers, but we could hear it during breakfast. Breakfast was included in the room rate and as the hotel was not particularly busy during our stay two weeks before Xmas there were only ever half a dozen other tables occupied at breakfast. The buffet was very impressive, the eggs and other cooked dishes piping hot, with a large selection of cereals, pastries, cold meats etc.There is so much to see in Barcelona that three days is barely enough time to take in all the sights. We bought a ticket for the hop-on-hop-off bus that was valid for two days. Although it was quite expensive, it was essential if you wanted to see all the sights as Barcelona is quite a sprawling city. The bus takes two separate routes (northerly and southerly) and we took one on each day. The northerly route takes you through the Passeig de Gracia, where we took photos of stunning Gaudi buildings and then up to Parc Guell which was well worth the stop for a couple of hours with its stunning views over the city. The southern route travels out to Montjuic and the Olympic Stadium and then along to the waterside.Our favourite areas of the city were Barcelonetta and El Born (La Ribera) full of narrow alleys and local restaurants. La Rambla was fine for an evening stroll but the southern end towards the water became a little tatty with a few strip joints and prostitutes.A great city and a very good hotel.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>liltlechick
<Content>Perfect location Stayed at the Avenida Palace from the 13th-17th July.The location is perfect, not far from Las Ramblas and very handy for Bus Tourista (from the square at the top of las ramblas) and also the metro (passieg de gracia).The front desk staff where really good, and speak good english (which helps when you don't speak good spanish like me) and we found them courteous and friendly throughout our stay.The rooms are very clean, comfortable and nicely furnished, although not on the spacious side (though this is a city centre and it's not as if you go to barcelona to spend the days in your room) whilst the bathrooms are also clean and pretty nice.Didn't eat in the hotel (far too many restaurants to chose from) and didn't use the hotel bar (in fact never saw anyone use the bar) so can't really comment on those aspects. There is a great tapas bar though on the corner of the road which we drank quite a bit of 'cava' in!All in all, this is a great choice of hotel if you are coming to Barcelona - well located, decent price and nice friendly staff.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CARRA23J
<Content>Great Location but overrated hotel The main benefit of this hotel is the locationclose to the upper end of La Rambla and just by the Passeig de Gracia tube station and round the corner from the Gaudi House (very impressive by the way). We were however disappointed with the hotel. We found the staff on reception rather abrupt and unhelpful. The room was dark and the view from the window straight into an office is a building less than a few meters away. There was no bar to speak of in the hotel, and although there was a very limited bar menu scattered around the tables in the foyer area but there was never any sign of anyone serving drinks. There was a guy playing the piano in the reception area that made for a nice area but there was never anyone around to hear it as there was no bar.Overall its not a terrible hotel but overpriced in my opinion and while we loved barcelona i think we'd choose another hotel next time.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>JBW614
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My son and I spent three nights at the Avenida Palace. I can't imagine a better place to stay in Barcelona. The location is terrific -- close to the upper end of La Rambla and just off the Passeig de Gracia -- within easy walking distance of the lovely buildings in the Manzana de la Discordia as well as bustling Placa Catalunya. The friendly and extremely helpful staff truly make Avenida Palace a treat for travelers. The front desk staff are always very pleasant and make guests feel welcome in any language. The breakfast buffet is extensive and a wonderful way to get ready for a full day of sightseeing (if you are traveling with children, be sure to ask for a pot of chocolate at breakfast -- my son loved it). The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. We will definitely choose the Avenida Palace the next time we are in lovely, lovely Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gweek
<Content>Excellent Location, except for the metro noise We stayed here over the Easter bank holiday weekend in March and it suited us really well.The location is ideal. Only a few steps away is a metro station, which is both a positive and a negative. It's great because you can quickly get around the city and further afield, but our room did shake every time a train went through the metro station. It didn't bother us too much, as we didn't spend that much time in the hotel anyway.The hotel itself is fine. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. If you make the effort to speak a few works of Spanish, then this is really appreciated. They booked a table for us at a restaurant we had been recommended to visit by someone who used to live there - L'Olive and it was amazing. The restaurant is only 5 mins' walk from the hotel and worth every penny, but you will need to book.Our room was large with high ceilings and a separate hallway entrance area that also led to the bathroom.The breakfast room was a bit small for the number of guests and it could be a bit of a rugby scrum, but the food was replenished quite quickly.Our weekend stay was very expensive, but we think this was because Easter weekend and we booked quite late.In summary, the hotel is in an excellent location and we enjoyed our stay. Just a shame about the shaking room each time a train went through the metro station.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cat65London
<Content>Great location - Good service My husband and I took our two children to Barcelona for 3 nights. The Avenida Palace was a perfect choice of hotel for us. we had interconnecting rooms. The rooms were clean and spacious and well maintained. Service was good. Staff were helpful and most were friendly. It is in a good location - a short walk to La Rambla. The breakfast buffet was well stocked. A good choice.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ASACKER
<Content>Great Place! Stayed at the Palace for a four day break and found it to be perfect/ Very clean, courtious staff, friendly doormen and a decent breakfast. Had a huge bed, satalite tv with some UK channels and decent bathroom products. We were a young couple and found that it was rather for the older crowd, as you are not there for the whole day this did not matter and was very peaceful at night. Good tapas bar on the corner, with friendly staff. And do not forget to check out the sweet shop next door!!!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>MarkBearSF
<Content>A Bit Tatty, but Great Location We were moved to this hotel by the Eurostars Cristal Palace, because of construction. Luckily, since location was one of our prime decision points, the Avenida Palace was one block away on the Gran Via de Catalunya.It's a very old-school hotel. Lots of rosewood and plush. Unfortunately, it appears to have seen better days. Things are a bit tatty and worn.Service was wonderful. No compaints.The itnernet connection was a bit problematic. They had an expensive 2-tiered plan. The cheaper one (11 euros/day?) had limited capacity and services. Perhaps I'm spoiled by my experience in the states, where it is often free -- but in this case, I paid more for less.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LarryNewJersey
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Avenida in Barcelona We stayed at the Avenida Palace for one night on April 2, 2008 after arriving from NY. We enjoyed our stay, and found the accomodations (a double room) very comfortable, and the staff very helpful. The location was very convenient to public transportation, and a very short walk to La Rambla. It was also just a few doors away from a very good Tapas restaurant. The hotel staff provided us with very good information about touring the city during our brief stay. The breakfast was good, and we found the rate to be reasonable. We would highly recommend this hotel without any concerns about you enjoying it.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Europetravels
<Content>Best Hotel on our Spain Trip Just came back from a wonderful 4 nights at the hotel. It was our last hotel on our 2 week trip and our favorite! The hotel is beautiful, staff great and all of them spoke perfect english. The breakfast buffet was nice, but if we didn't have it included in our price, I wouldn't have paid for it. Hotel is in a great location, very nice neighborhood with metro right across the street, but walking distance to most sights. Would definately recommend this hotel!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>katymill
<Content>Overvalued, rude staff, crummy rooms We were very disappointed in the Avenida Palace. While the location is great, (the hotel is centrally located, within walking distance of many attractions), the room quality, food, and service were inferior, especially for the top dollar room rates. The hotel messed up our reservation, telling us on arrival that we had reserved a single not a double room. After contacting our travel agent they gave us a double room. The desk clerk was rude and unhelpful about it. The room was like a 1950s Holiday Inn. Dark mediocre furniture, thin red carpets and thin, old red bedspreads. The beds were as hard as plywood. The bathroom was dated, though clean. Our double on the 7th floor overlooked an airshaft and was completely dark at all hours. For nearly $500 a night, I would expect an updated room. When we complained about the room, we were not relocated but were given free breakfast, which ordinarily would have cost 30 euros a head. Breakfast was awful and I was very grateful not to be paying for it. Stale bread, incredible in a European city, canned fruit. One morning I asked for fresh fruit, which had appeared earlier, and was told there was no more. In fairness to the hotel, one of the desk clerks was very helpful with dinner reservations. Service seemed to depend on who was on duty. I would never stay here again and would not recommend this hotel to anyone. What a ripoff.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>javierCaracas
<Content>Great Location and very kindly staff. It was a very nice experience, a classic hotel with a perfect location and a nice staff.We will recomend to our friends  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JanJBelgium
<Content>Mediocre experience, but great location Old fashioned hotel, outdated and worn out interior. Breakfast average. No free WIFI (17Eur/day!). Location was great however, metro just accross the street, Passeig de Gracia just around the corner.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	2	2	1	

<Author>JailbreakJas
<Content>Gorgeous Me and my boyfriend recently spent 4 nights in the Avenida Palace hotel. It was one of the best holidays we had. The hotel is magnificent. You can not write a review of this hotel without mentioning the staircase. it was so grand. The staff were very friendly and helpful, spoke better english than me! it is in a perfect location, just off of the main street (Las Ramblas) but within easy reach of all the major attractions. Breakfast was varied with lots of choice for everyone. Dinner was limited but as when your in Barcelona you eat out anyway it did not matter. If you are thinking of booking this hotel then do!! it is one of the best and well worth it.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sidslow
<Content>Hmmmmm This was a peculiar one, a young single guy staying in Barcelona for the weekend with no hostels or young people's hotels available i opted for this.the price was very reasonable for such an ostentatious hotel, gold leaf and chandaliers at every available opportunity.the location was fantastic, as was the service, and the price, but it just wasnt for me.if you are a middle aged couple, seeking a central location, with good shopping right on your door step, then this catulunian centre piece is for you....if you are a twenty something bloke with partying on your mind then i'd stay nearer to the olympic quarter  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Tobias-Smollet
<Content>A curate's egg Splendid situation, impressive foyer, good room. We arrived at about 10.00 pm and they could only give us a cold, hard, boring sandwich for 12.20 euros. A great variety at breakfast but the cooked items were poor. The desk staff said they did not have time to help us set up an internet connection, and they charged 6.60 euros for a KitKat and a tiny bottle of orange juice in the room. Best was the jolly, uniformed flunkey at the door.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>JLE2
<Content>Perfect Location We travel to Europe the last week in March  had a wonderful time in Barcelona this year. The Hotel Avenida Palace is located directly across from a Metro Station. You can walk to the Gaudi houses and to the shopping areas. Actually, you can walk to just about everything, but we bought the 3 day Metro pass and used the buses  the subway. The staff is excellent, always willing to be helpful. They speak English. The rooms are not large, but we had a tiny balconey overlooking the main street and had a lovely nightime view, including Mountjuic. The bathrooms were a good size, with 2 sinks and a good shower. The A/C didn't work well, but we opened the balconey door for a nice breeze. The beds were very comfortable and we slept well. Everything was very clean. We recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>caztrev
<Content>loved the Avenida palace what a great weekend me and my wife had at Avenida palace, staff very helpful, I dont think we could have found a better hotel.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>clarissaY
<Content>crooks and rude reserved 4 nights with amex for an anniversary. We get there and the room is for 1 person only (an anniversary for one person?) They argue with amex because they want to charge us 3o euros more a night for the extra person. We couldn't leave because it was new years and everything was booked. We paid $2000 dollars for 4 nights ($550 more than what amex quoted us)horrible room, they treated us like unwanted dirt, never gave us but one soap for the first night stay, when we would come in and get the key (you leave it everytime you go out) they never once greeted us nor use proper behaviors..Horrible treatment...  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>hut1020
<Content>Absolute WORST Hotel Experience Ever!! Beware when booking your hotel. We reserved the room through our travel agency and our reservation clearly stated mr and mrs for anniversary and when we arrived the told us the room was for 1 person-and my wife could stay with me for an extra 30 euros (45dollars). They would not budge. Our travel agent even called from the states and they didn't care.Then, we only got the toiletries on the day we arrived-we were there for 4 days. We requested and they never delivered-they were upset with us for arguing the bill. There is no kleenex in the room,take your own, the walls are paper thin-we could hear the couple in the next room. Also, it was warm and since we were on the first floor, we couldnt leave the window open because anyone could enter the room. The so-called concierge/front desk were the most inhospitable people and rude, rude, rude. The breakfast was 20 euros (30dollars) and mediocre at best. We are still arguing the extra 120 euros charged for having the both of us stay there. Also, beware, the taxis donot stop in front of the hotel like other hotels. If you can stay elsewhere, do!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>newhorizonsny
<Content>Great Location / Nice Hotel My wife and I stayed at the Avenida Palace for three nights following a Mediterranean cruise in December 2007. The hotel was very nice, the rooms are spacious with a traditional decor with some updated amenities (flat screen tv).The staff was very friendly, they do have one policy that I found odd - every time you leave the hotel you have to leave your key at the front desk. The best thing about this hotel is its location. The Placa Catalunya is one block away, Las Ramblas is two blocks away and the hotel itself is on the Grand Via at the intersection of the Passeig de Gracia. The metro station stop for the Passeig de Gracia is directly across the street from the hotel (Barcelona's metro system is very easy to navigate).Barcelona is a beautiful city, US travelers should be aware that their official language is Catalunyan not Spanish. They are fiercely proud of their Catalunyan heritage and it seems that they preferred to be spoken to in english rather than american spanglish. This really wasn't issue as most of the hotel staff spoke English well enough.If you have extra time in Barcelona, I would highly recommend checking out the Zoo. For some reason, L'Aquarium is promoted highly everywhere and the zoo isn't. L'Aquarium is ridiculously over priced and has almost nothing to see while the zoo allows you to get closer to the animals than any zoo I have ever been to.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>BIRDHereford
<Content>Great Location We recently stayed at the Avendida Palace the hotel was in a great location. Just a stone through to cataluna square, las Rambles, Metro, Good bars  Restaurants. A Restaurant you must go to would be the Attic which is the Las Rambles Above the Nike Show. You may need to book but the food is lovely....The hotel was clean, staff were pleasant. Breakfast was served via buffet. No full english.... but still lovely. Would stay there again..  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AmsterdamSquirrel
<Content>Loved the Avenida Palace I had a great couple of days at the Avenida Palace in Barcelona. Great staff, very friendly and good rooms. Excellent for business travellers, large, clean and nicely decorated. Location is around the corner from Plaza Catalunya and across the street is a metro station. There are a lot of restaurants close by and also shops. Good location in Barcelona!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Tamworthy
<Content>A Step Back in Time I recently spent 5 nights at this Hotel. The Hotel is decorated in the most garish fashion. It is straight out of an 1980s script.Although centrally located it is relatively quiet, unless you mind the constant reminder that you are on top of the underground train system.The staff are generally helpful.The rooms are basic and clean with lots of dark wood. Unfortunately, one could hear the neighbours.....the walls are rather thin!The best thing about this hotel is the location. Most tourist attractions are within walking distance.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>johanneskraw
<Content>Expensive and Overated. Stayed in the Avenida Palace for four nights. Hotel was pleasant enough, good location, friendly staff etc. Breakfast was ok, lots to choose from, but the cooked food wasnt the most appetizing. Restaurant and bar were very expensive compared to the area. I was also charged 5 euro to use their internet for only 15 mins. Stayed on the first floor, where now and again a quiet bass rumble could be heard throughout day/night (possibly metro or boiler?). This noise became annoying after awhile. Window view of back carpark could of been better.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	5	3	1	

<Author>jimmcfalls
<Content>Great Place What a beautiful, wonderful place to stay. Centrally located (at the head of Las Ramblas  Placza Catalunya) an dclose to buses, subways and tours. Smiling staff and English speaking when necessary. Breakfast a great start to the day. Clean, neat, responsive. Jim McFalls.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SanchoPanza07
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location Stayed at the lovely Avenida Palace for 3 nights in October last year. The hotel is in an excellent location right in the heart of the city (but there's no problem with noise). It's a classic, upmarket hotel with a friendly atmosphere. The staff are very pleasant and professional. Rooms are nicely furnished and very comfortable and there's a great buffet breakfast too.I would return to this hotel with pleasure and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dingleford
<Content>Big bed, great breakfast This was a great hotel. Excellent location near Catalunya Square and right by the Passeig de Gracia station so easy access to the airport via metro and train. Well appointed rooms - our double bed was so big I couldn't find my husband! The only gripe was that there weren't tea and coffee facilities in the bedrooms, but complimentary tea/coffee and pastries were put out on floor 9 (and our room happened to be on the 9th floor so we found them) from 7am to 11am and 6pm to 9pm every day. We got a pretty good price on [---]justonehotel.com which included the delicious breakfast buffet.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>madge02
<Content>Great hotel,great location Could not have wished for better location. The hotel is situated right by Catalonia square and a stone's through away from the Ramblas. Also just across the road from metro station which meant that could pop back to the hotel for mini siesta in the middle of the day and then continue sightseeing without any hassles. Another great thing about the hotel is the room we got - the room was extremely spacious and the bathroom huge!! (two sinks....) and in excellent condition. The lobby is beautiful - lovely classic style... breakfast too was great. The only slightly negative comment would be that the reception weren't exceptionally friendly... but who cares the good points by far outweighs the negative. Would definitely recommend this hotel to EVERYONE!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunkissed_7
<Content>Fabulous Hotel My husband and I have just returned from fabulous Barcelona where we celebrated our 10th Wedding Anniversary and what a better place to stay than at the Avenida Palace. This hotel is of a very high standard and the room was spotlessly clean, airy , air conditioned ( a must ), good size bed and safety deposit box. The staff where very friendly ,accomodating and helpful. We had not been in our room more than five minutes when we where pleasantly surprised to be given a bottle of bubbly on ice and a box of chocolates as a gift for our Anniversary!! We thought this was a wonderful and thoughtfull gesture by the hotel. When we booked months earlier we did state that the visit to Barcelona was a special occasion and only requested a bright airy room. Obviously the hotel and management surpassed themselves on this one. We only ever paid for the room as we wanted to do our own thing food wise and what a good idea as plenty of good restaurants and bars literally on the doorstep. The hotel is in a fabulous location with only a very short walk from Cataluna Square. We even got the A1 Autobus direct from the airport to the square with only the short walk to the hotel with our suitcases. Overall a fab hotel and have already recommended to family and friends and will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>perthsaint
<Content>Great Location Hotel is in a great location near the Ramblas. Good buffet breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>UKMabel
<Content>Loved this Hotel This was a lovely Hotel in the centre of the City and near to all amenities. The Ramblas was about 5 mins walk away and the area was close to the shops and restaurants. The buffet breakfast was very good with lots of choice and the staff were friendly. The rooms were well furnished and very clean and were cleaned every day. Would recommend and would certainly visit again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>travelchatter
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel, Great Location!       Gaudi's Casa Mila  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MassTraveler
<Content>Nice hotel - good location Enjoyed three nights with my wife as part of a tour group at this property. Location was good with lots of choices to walk to from the hotel including shopping, restaurants, etc. Staff was friendly and helpful. Only downside was our sleeping room which had an inside view looking at windows from other sleeping rooms. I would consider staying at this hotel again if I was looking for an above average (not exceptional) hotel.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>upgalway
<Content>Fabulous Lovely old-fashioned hotel with a real sense of grandeur. Think winding staircases, marble floors, subtle wall lighting, draping curtains, carvings, carpets, comfortable sofas and lovely coving.. Foyer was so comfortable we could have sat there all day. Felt right at home. Reception staff not all that friendly but the bar and restaurant staff lovely. Drinks in bar ridiculously priced. Buffet lunch in restaurant was very good, very reasonable and the restaurantitself is fabulous. Rooms smallish but beautifully decorated and so so comfortable that they honestly don't feel small. If you want modern, this hotel isn't for you- there are no key cards, you leave your key at reception when you're going out. But if you want to stay in a proper old hotel with comfort and service, without spending an arm and a leg, this ones for you. Very close to everthing, lots of lovely tapas bars, bistros and restaurants a stones throw away. Oh, and we found driving in barcelona absolute hell. Worse than Paris. Worse than Rome. Worse than Boston. Will get train next time. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baker-Mayy
<Content>the 2nd of two hotels I stayed while in Barcelona       Famiglia Sagrada  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>malisaya
<Content>Loved the hotel Our room was beautiful and quiet. It was very comfortable and the bathroom was nice too. The bed was hard, but this is to be expected in Spain. The AC/Heating controls were a bit confusing at first, but I figured it out. The hotel staff were very friendly and very helpful and willing to answer questions enthusiastically. We did not like the fact that you have to pay for internet access. We had free buffet breakfast included each morning which was delicious and the wait staff were unparalleled in promptness and attention. The hotel lobby was indeed lovely. Just as important as the comfort was the location, which was central to all you could want. to the northeast was the Sagrada Familia. To the south were the Ramblas. To the north were the Casas.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>vierannie
<Content>Great hotel in great location Two short blocks from city center, this lovely hotel is perfectly located. Large room with double sinks in full bath made for comfort and convenience. Included breakfast buffet was ample and delicious. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>StelJo
<Content>Just a few lovely days Barcelona - a wonderful place.The hotel came up to expectation. Very attractive in every way - particularly the grand entrance to the foyer. What a wonderful winding gold staircase with lovely furniture and paintings. Along with the grand piano being played there every evening it was a sheer delight. From there to the entrance of the retaurant it was really a lovely experience. We must say what a lovely dining room it is. It is quite modern considering the rest of the ground floor but still very attractive. As for the dining room staff they were excellent and very attentive. We found the food to be of a very high standard. During the day they had 2 types of buffet - 13 EUROS and 15 EUROS - fantastic value. We ate a few times there both during the day and the evening. (the only other place we would recommend for a change would be Que Que - a tapas type bar serving main meals as well. There was a bit of a problem when we first arrived at the hotel as the girl on the desk was a bit off hand at first giving us an awful room facing a brick wall. However all was not lost as she gave us a very nice big room and bathroom overlooking the front of the hotel. As for the cleaning staff they too were excellent. Overall a wonderful experience and we would certaining stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>micheleg
<Content>Above average       Hotel  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>HellyMbro
<Content>good location the position of this hotel is great - near the top of catalunya square so easy access to las ramblas, also at the bottom of passeig de gracia so easy to walk up to casa milia (the curvy gaudi building) and the street of discord where there is a huge mix of architecture incl. another famous gaudi building. Near to the tourist hop on hop off bus which takes you to all the other sites.I was worried about petty crime before we went to barcelona but saw no evidence of it myself. all felt pretty safe.The hotel was lovely - the foyer and grand staircase very grand indeed. Breakfast was ok - a good selection of fruits and pastries etc. with a small selection of cooked items. Expensive however at 20E each which we did not realise was not included in our tarrif. The front desk staff were fine - we didnt experience any problems with them at all unlike previous reviewers. In fact they obtained a bus timetable for us and were helpful in answering our questions. Our room was a decent size and clean. however it was very hot and the only window opened onto an internal courtyard. We were on the ground floor of this courtyard so did not feel safe leaving the window open. Also the bathroom smelt a bit sewagey so coldnt leave that door open either.I would probably go back to the avenida palace if i returned to barcelona but would request a room with either air con or with a window i could leave open.overall it was clean and convenient.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>unclevanya
<Content>Not a bad position. Fantastic room overlooking the main road and a small garden. Very quiet when windows were shut. Very comfortable.No Tea or coffee makng facilities but wouldn't drink the water anyway - it smelled of chlorine and tasted foul even for cleaning teeth,Very expensive to eat there so didn't try the food. Lots of cafes around. Room service expensive - 6 Euros for tea which was weak and only enough for one cup.Great position - within walking distance of everywhere we wanted to see and very handy for metro, buses etc.would recommend it for short stays  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKExpat1
<Content>Enjoyed the Avenida Palace This hotel is rated 4 star and it easily meets that rating. The staff were friendly, helpful and efficient. The rooms are nicely furnished with good quality fittings throughout including a desk and minibar. They are also quite roomy for a European hotel. The hotel advertises that all rooms have WiFi but not stated is that it is very expensive at $116 per week and not very fast. The buffet breakfast was very good with a nice selection of items. Location was excellent with easy walking to the Metro and two shopping areas. I would definitely consider staying here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>la2londonLondon
<Content>not overly impressed I am very lukewarm about this hotel and our experience there. Barcelona is an amazing, lively, late night city but I'm not sure the Avenida Palace gets my thumbs up. The staff were not friendly and seemed to shine only for tips, the breakfast was so-so and the decor was opulent but not special. If I went back, the Hotel Colon definitely has the best location in terms of being in the heart of it all and Casa Camper definitely wins for hip, with a fun, fresh feel. The Avenida Palace seems suited more for large groups of tourists (maybe coach trips) or possibly slower-paced, less lively individuals. It certainly was not a bad hotel but I would not praise it or tell my friends about it. Definitely go to Barcelona, don't worry about the petty theft (seems like a lot of hype) and enjoy all that the city has to offer b/c there is a lot to explore!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PC6789
<Content>Quality Accommodation For our third visit in 10 years to Barcelona we had chosen a hotel which was new to us but after a single night we were so dissatisfied we had to check out and we moved instead to The Avenida Palace where we had stayed on the previous occasions.We stayed in an 'exceutive' room. Large bedroom with adoining sitting room and excellent bathroom facilities. Yes it might cost about a third more than a standard room but well worth it. The hotel may be traditional, even old fashioned, but it offers quailty accommodation.It is situated in the heart of the city and all attractions plus the metro/buses/taxis are in the immediate vicinity (literally within one minute).  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NorthernCAGirl
<Content>Beautiful hotel, horrible staff I can only say good things about the hotel, the room, the location, the restaurant, except for its staff. I have never dealt with so many arrogant and uncooperative front desk people in my life. They had the worst attitude and talked to you like you were bothering them. The door men were very hungry for tips and made you aware of it. But if it was not for the people who work there, it's a fabulous hotel, absolutely beautiful inside and out. Unfortunately, you have to check-in and out and if you have the smallest of a problem you will get a very cold reception. I was shaking when I finished dealing with them and was glad to be out of there.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>MistysMom
<Content>I Would Recommend it to Friends I stayed at the Avenida Palace in October 2006. My daughter is living and studying Spanish language and culture in Barcelona (she is a junior at Western Michigan University). I found it very homey and comfortable and well decorated. Things i like in a hotel and which it had were: down pillows (a down comforter would have been nice through), a large well lit bathroom with good water pressure , clean, and a comfortable bed. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The Hotel had a nice salon/spa where i had a wonderful massage and my daugher had her hair cut and highlighted and a pedicure. The bar was a very small but i had no problem finding someone to get me a glass of wine. I would take my wine and sit in the lobby with it's big, soft, velvet sofas and read the paper. It was very homey in that way -- small and comfortable. The location is fabulous. My daughter described it as the fifth avenue of barcelona with fabulous shopping, restaurants and bars. The metro was conveniently located right across the street. We never had the breakfast which i read was wonderful because we never got out of bed till noon. The night life is crazy but this 49 year old mom kept up with the 21 year old college students. There was only one thing i didn't like and that was that the door did not have an inside only deadbolt -- only a main door lock. I would take one of those travel security alarms if i were to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>welltraveled_27
<Content>Okay. Not Great. I stayed a total of 4 nights based on the reviews here. I have to say, the praises sung about it were way over the top. What was said about the staff (if you scroll down to read the rest of the reviews) was true. They were really aloof and unhelpful. When I asked what was the best way to go to the airport from the hotel, I was given the standard: Take a cab. This is not true. If you go to the Plaza Cataluyna (about 2 blocks from the hotel), you can hitch a ride on the aerobus for less than 4 euros, vs. 18-25 euros via cab.But I guess I'm getting off-topic. When I first checked in, I noticed that there was a hair (of a very private nature...) left in the bath tub. My shower head seemed like a before candidate for a Lime-away ad. It sprayed every which way, flooding the bathroom. Luckily I was staying by myself, so I could use the extra bath towel to sop up the water. The bed was comfortable, though, and the room a good size. I really can't vouch for the cleanliness of everything, since my first impression (that of the hair), was tainted. The doorman made only cameo appearances. He was only stationed at the door a total of 2 times when I was there. My blow dryer didn't work. I didn't bother to call the front desk, since they did nothing about my showerhead earlier. Overall, I would say that the hotel was a 3, in terms of appearance and comfort. That's if you don't count the staff. The staff included would downgrade the hotel to a 2.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvindublin
<Content>Absolutely Brilliant! After a bad experience at a disappointing hotel on our first day in Barcelona, we were grateful to be brought to Avenida Palace for a first class, luxurious hotel stay. The hotel is absolutely lovely; 5 star rating definitely! The staff was welcoming and friendly, our room gorgeous, and we could not have been more pleased. The moment you step out of your cab and are greeted by the doorman, you know you are in the lap of luxury. The lobby is breathtaking, and in the evening, full of beautiful music from the pianist. Highly recommended and when we return to Barcelona, this will be our first choice for an accommodation.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>w_barb
<Content>Brilliant Hotel Stayed at the Avenida Palace early November 2006. First impressions were everything that we expected, impressive lobby and the staff very friendly and helpful. Our rooms were clean and comfortable, very well decorated.Breakfast was excellent, the choice was really good, it made sure we left with full stomachs for a days sightseeing. I have read on previous reviews that the cooked breakfast was to be avoided and would agree with that. I warned my husband but he decided to make his own mind up and regretted it, stick to the cold buffet, plenty of fruit, pastries and cereal to choose from.The location of the hotel is brilliant, close to the Placa de Catalunya and the tour buses and only a 5 - 10 min walk from Las Ramblas. Would definitely recommend this hotel and if we return to Barcelona we would have no hesitiation in booking our accommodation here.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Superb
<Content>OK hotel Spent four nights there. Room comfortable and clean but we were woken up at 8.30 each day by someone drilling in the room above. Staff very pleasant but no bar as such and if you want a drink you have to look for a waiter they don't come looking for you. Breakfast excellent. Location very good. I think I might have expected more from this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Deccar
<Content>Rip-off at Reception We stayed at the hotel for 3 days in September prior to taking a cruise. The hotel was average and of 3 star rather than 4 star standard.Generally the staff were disinterested and unhelpful,although my husband was on crutches at the time.We asked the concierge for a telephone number of a local taxi firm so that when we returned from the cruise we could have a contact number to get to the airport.On our return home we found that we had been charged 90鈧?by the hotel, on querying this we were told that this was a cancellation charge for not using some hire car firm.If we had made a contract and been given a price and accepted the terms and conditions, then we would have known what the charge was for. In the event the cruise company provided transport to the airport so we had no need to call for a taxi.So you can imagine our SURPRISE and ANGER at being ripped off in this way. This reflects very badly on the hotel and certainly on their staff, and guests do not need to be treated this way.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>ChiantiSister
<Content>Palace an understatement Just returned from a 4 day stay in Barcelona. Our party was three females aged between 24 and 50. The hotel is amazing and should be a 5 star not a 4 star!!The hotel rooms and furnishings are so stylish and elegant. The bedrooms are spacious and well organised. The bathrooms are sumptous.Breakfast is really substantial and not your traditional continental cuisine. The staff are warm friendly anmd helpful.The location is brilliant only 100 mteres from the Playa de Catalunya and so central for all the major attractions in the city centre.We were able to leave all our luggage safe in the hotel on our last day which was so convenient for last minute sight seeing. The hotel also arranged for a taxi to take us to the airport. Cannot heap enough praise on the Hotel. Will be booking again for the spring!!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bebby
<Content>Disappointed We stayed here for 3 days starting August 13. The hotel was wonderful inside and in a very good location near Las Ramblas and the tour buses. Although it was on a busy street we did not hear the traffic. We arrived early so the hotel stored our luggage for us. The concierge then took it up to our room. We proceeded to tip the fellow but did not have small bills or enough change. My spouse gave him 3 euros and promised more when he obtained smaller bills. The courcierge left very angrily and swore a blue streak in Spanish all the way to the elevator. He probably thought I didn't know any Spanish, but I do speak a little. My spouse did ask the concierge what amount of money was expected. A little later we gave him the promised remaninder of the tip him. However: this experience was very hurtful and we were uncomfortable in the hotel for our 3 days. The maid service was once a day and our room was not always clean. The vacuuming was not done the whole time and table/nightstands were not always wiped down. The front desk was fine and helpful. The breakfast staff were disinterested. The meal itself was not even adequate. The selection was minimal. The meat tasted terrible and the eggs as well. We lived on fruit and pastry. The staff did not refill your coffee unless you asked them to. We always felt they were rushing us out. You may think we should have complained about these experiences, but I have never found it helps and in fact sometimes makes things worse. As well, whom would I complain to? Overall I would say this hotel has great potential but management obviously puts little value in training, supervising and hiring appropriate staff. A hotel may look beautiful but with such terrible service and staff it will fail. I have made this comment based on hotels we stayed at in the same price range and throughout the Mediterranean. I have never had to write a negative review.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Raphiel
<Content>Our fifth stay at The Avenida Palace. Having stayed at the Avenida Palace before we decided to take our daughter and husband for their tenth wedding anniversary.They loved it! This is a modern hotel with good service pleasant staff comfortable rooms and olde world charm.I don't want to recommend it too highly in case we can't get a room there next time we visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Aussiguys
<Content>Above Average Avenida We stayed here for three nights in early June. We had a large room facing the street, double glazing kept the noise to a minimum. An older style Hotel but very clean and well kept. A large bathroom with double vanity sinks, full bath tub and plenty of hot water at good pressure. The hotel is well placed at the top end of La Rambla, with plenty of good eateries in walking distance, also only a short walk to the gothic 'old town' and Cathedral. Pleasant and helpful staff who had good english. The Buffet breakfast was excellent, good coffee, Spanish hams, smoked salmon and delectable pastries, no need for lunch after one of these and plenty of fuel to walk off while viewing this marvellous city.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We booked this hotel after having read some good reviews on Trip Advisor (as many of the other hotels we looked up had very mixed reviews). The hotel was beautiful, the room was lovely (even though we didn't have a view), and we had the best night's sleep in a long time - the beds were so comfy. The location was great too.Eating in turned out to be a good decision as dinner was delicious and the cost was reasonable.Some of the reviews about this hotel criticise the service and I agree that the reception staff were a bit po-faced, but they were reasonably helpful to us and agreed without question to look after our luggage for several hours after we had checked out.I would definitely return to this hotel and would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Bad Service We chose this hotel from reading reviews on this website. We booked for three nights in October and had large, well furnished clean rooms. My sister and brother-in-law had a good room situated at the front with good views, my husband and I had a larger room on the side with absolutely no view and could not even see what the weather was like that day. However, there was so much to see and do in Barcelona that we spent very little time in the rooms. The breakfasts, the serving staff and barman were all excellent. At breakfast, there was even champagne available next to the chilled juices but, we did not realise until the last morning which was too late. The hot food was not appealing but there was lots of 'continental' type food to choose from.The position of the hotel was very central and a good area to come back to at night. (I would avoid the bottom end of Las Ramblas at night if possible, it was a little seedy even in broad daylight). Our hotel reception staff were arrogant and seemed to delight in keeping us waiting for our keys whenever we returned, we thought it was quite funny in the end. They appeared to be able to do only one thing at a time, very slowly even though they were very well aware of people waiting just to collect their keys. We supposed they had to make their mundane jobs more interesting somehow! Do buy a tourist bus ticket, it is a great system and you can interchange the routes, hopping on and off all over the city. A great way to get around and they are very frequent and lots of fun. There is a guide on board every bus and they all speak English, announcing the stops in plenty of time to decide if you want to get off. Barcelona is a great place and we will go back as there is still so much to see which we did not have time for, although we will probably find a better hotel. Generally we found everyone else we met to be very friendly so we think the rudeness may just be limited to the reception at this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Aloharunner
<Content>Service is lacking at the Avenida Palace We were very, very disappointed with the service at this four-star hotel. While the location was good and the lobby and the rooms were nice to adequate and clean, we were treated very rudely and shabbily. Upon our return the second evening of our stay, the key did not work in our room door. The staff tried to open our door for 30 minutes, then told us we would have to stay in another room for the night without our belongings, as they would not have someone available to open the room until the next morning. We said we had medications that we needed in our luggage and they needed to find someone to open the door that night. After another ten minutes, the door opened by chance. The lock was not fixed and we asked to be moved to another room so we could go out to dinner and lock our room. Now they said there were no rooms available and we would have to stay in that room. But if we left the room for dinner, we would not be able to open the lock and get back in. They said too bad, you will have to wait until the morning for the locksmith to come and fix the lock. We ended up having one person stay in the room and the other person went out to buy food to eat in the room that night. The man did fix the lock the next morning but we were offered no apology or compensation for the major inconvenience and the loss of one evening in Barcelona. We would definitely not return there and would not recommend this hotel. It was really rude service for a four-star hotel.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TripadviserTaunton
<Content>Comfortable surroundings in a good location A good standard 4 star hotel in a central location where an impressive reception and lounge area provides the central focus. The appearance is of a well maintained establishment and rooms are very comfortable and of reasonable size. Whilst, situated as we were on the 8th floor, we found it to be very quiet, I would think that lower down you may be more conscious of traffic noise.Rooms come with a decent size bathroom but it appears a little dated.Breakfast buffet was adequate but with a very limited range of hot offerings. The evening buffet is probably the one to miss as it is not particularly cheap and food was luke warm at best. Much better alternatives outside where the hotel is in close proximity to some good restaurants.Staff were very helpful throughout and overall we regarded ourselves to have been fortunate to have found this good city hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Stay I spent two nights at this superior deluxe property. Prices can be high but if you are accustom to staying a high end hotels than this is the place for you.The staff can be a bit snooty but I was treated with great respect from the front desk manager. When I go on vacation I don't pay attention to who is rude and who is not, I like to make better use of my time. The food that is served in the restaurant is expensive but not so much on the room service. My accomodations were standard with a small view of the city.The room was very clean as was the large bathroom. The property is located a block away from Paseo de Gracia where you can find high end shops and hop on/hop off tour buses. If you are looking for souveniers you can take a 15 minute walk to the infamous Las Ramblas.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal (internet promo) Good location, oldstyle, relatively classy, nice and clean rooms. I booked a special via the internet. and i thought it was a very good deal! also a nice view. i actually don't have sometihing negative to say. Only i thought the staff wasn't as friendly as one would expect from that kind of hotels in that price range. Anyway, good deal and we had a great time.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sklo2004
<Content>Mediocre location, service, and amenities with first-tier prices. The Avenida Palace is located about 4 to 5 blocks away from Las Ramblas, which is not far if you are a walker, but the immediate vicinity it is in does not have the variety of restaurants, shops, bars, and energy that one really loves about Barcelona. Considering the wealth of hotels along Las Ramblas or within Barri Gotic, Avenida Palace is not the ideal hotel to stay at in my personal opinion.One other thing tourists should know about the Avenida Palace is that there is a class-difference between those who reserved a room via discount travel websites such as Expedia and Travelocity, versus those who may have booked directly through the hotel's reservation system or through an agent. During my stay, all of us who reserved via Expedia ended up on the first floor rooms with a window facing the hotel kitchen. We couldn't open the window for air or natural light because the greasy scent from the kitchen was overwhelming. It is evident that Avenida Palace is trying to become a first-tier hotel. It has a grand lobby, but the rooms are older, small, and need carpet and furnishing updates. The bathroom is also smaller than other hotels I've stayed at in Spain. Actually, the only first-rate quality of this hotel is the price. Front desk service is average, depending on who is on the shift. Food at the hotel is extremely expensive. Definitely take the time to walk the 4-5 blocks to Las Ramblas, instead of eating on site. The Avenida Palace is an average hotel, not bad, but not great. I also stayed at the H10 Raco del Pi in Barcelona, located within the Barri Gotic, and can attest that for a lower rate, you can find better hotels, in better locations, with better service and amenities, than at the Avenida Palace.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ianchambers
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location My wife and I have just returned from a week-end in Barcelona staying at the Avenida Palace.We hired a car and drove down to Barcelona from Girona airport, and upon arrival our car was parked for us, a nice touch saving us the stress of finding a car parking space! The hotels reception has quite a grand foyer, gold-leaf everywhere, with sweeping staircases, etc.We checked into our double room which was well furnished to an OK standard, however the bathroom was very large and as good as you could expect.Breakfast was the usual continental selection, plus a limited hot buffet of Egg, bacon and sausage.Best thing about the hotel is its position, literally just off the top of 'the Ramblas' as it leads down twardso the sea.The staff were friendly and helpful throughout our visit.Overall I would say this is probably an OK to good standard 4-star hotel, in a prime position.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Clair22
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at the Avenida Palace for 3 nights arriving New Years Eve. Elegant hotel - nice change from the boutique hotels. Superb location for exploring this beautiful city.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel, location, service and the rest We stayed for 4 nights in this great hotel. From the second you walk into the hotel the staff are superb. We booked a 1 bedroom suite which was huge for 3 people. The facilities in the hotel were at least 4*. The hotel location was perfect, within walking distance of the ramblas and the great shopping district. The hotel kindly keps our luggage and even allowed us to keep the room for a little longer for free. When we checked out they even organised an executive car back to the Airport and it only cost us 25 Euros. When l next got back l will not hesitate to stay at this Hotel again. Got a good rate on Last Minute we paid 拢345 for 3 people for 4 nights which l think is a great bargain.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aranwen
<Content>Nice but over priced I can't wax lyrical about this hotel as it was just terribly average. The room was clean and adequate but there was a very strange smell pervading the place all the time. They were obviously trying to disguise it as everytime we came back from our excursions they had sprayed the place with some throat catching air freshener which was far worse than the original smell.There was an incident where the cleaner had left our room open which was dealt with promptly though I got the feeling that the manager didn't really believe us. Fortunately, nothing was amiss anyway.The lobby is spectacular and the people on the desk are very helpful and courteous. I felt underdressed as many of the other guests were Pradad up to their eyeballs! Breakfast was good but extremely expensive so we didn't bother for the rest of the week. There are excellent places close by for a fraction of the price.Its in an excellent location. Close to shops, restaurants and tube so in that respoect I can't criticise it. Might stay here again but would check the rooms for smell first.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>louisew
<Content>perfect Very pleased. Lovely grand hotel, nothing was a disappointment. I won't list everything that was good because it was all good so it would take me a while, all i would say is to not hesitate in choosing this venue whatever your criteria is.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>zdam47
<Content>Truly $ Star Wife and I recently returned from a week in Barcelona (Nov21-28). We are experienced european travelers and have stayed at many 4/5 star hotels. In planning this trip we were uncertain about hotels but selected the Avendia. It was perfect: location within walking distance of the Gothic quarter as well as ALL other sites. Staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. It is rated4 star but this is a 5 star hotel at 2/3 star price.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>summercape
<Content>Best by far Perfect location, unusually helpful and friendly desk staff, comfortable room with a proper double bed (not two singles pushed together like we had at the pricier Hotel Majestic)  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed for six nights. The room was beautiful - more like a suite. The hotel is beautiful. The staff is friendly and helpful. The weather in Barcelona is nearly perfect. The location of the hotel makes it easy to visit most sights by walking. The metro is right in front. I give my highest recommendation to this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Julia007
<Content>Not as good as the Majestic The Avenida Palace Hotel has 3 qualities; it's location, interior design, and generous bathroom. It is superbly positioned in the centre of Barcelona not far from the shops and Las Ramblas. Cosmetically, the hotel is pleasing to the eye and has an attractive ornate entrance. The bedrooms are spacious and offers a good-sized bathroom. Apart from this, it doesn't live up to it's 4 star rating. The corridors are grubby and could do with a lick of paint. Hotel staff weren't particularly friendly (apart from the porter) and it lacked atmosphere. Breakfast was over-priced too. This was my second trip to Barcelona. I will be back but not to the Avenida Palace. I stayed at the Majestic on my first visit and I'd opt to stay at the Majestic on my return.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>spainbound
<Content>just what we wanted just back from a 4 night stay at the avenida, it was just right, very clean, smelled lovely, staff very pleasant, with the exeption of the breakfast crew, perfect position 5 mins walk from the ramblas, and the medieval areas, very near to the gaudi houses and the glam shopping on passaige de gracia.. i did have the forsight to e mail a request for a front facing room, after reading an earlier report, they gave us a junior suite!it wes lovely, as was our stay here..enjoy! i should mention that if you want something going on then you wont find it here, but then youve got barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Avid_traveller
<Content>We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Have just returned from a trip which included a two night stay at the Avenida Palace, which we had booked based on reports from this site. The room was spacious and spotlessly clean. Although we had requested a high, front facing room, we got a room on floor 8, but rear facing. However, it proved to be extremely quiet and we did not spend that much time in the room to be concerned about the view. We had a huge king sized bed, which was very comfortable, a reasonable sized marble bathroom and an entrance vestibule, with space for our cases and coats.On arrival, we discovered that there was a match within a few hours at the Camp Nou. The gentleman on reception phoned the stadium and arranged for us to obtain tickets at normal prices, despite the time. He assisted us with Metro travel, writing down the lines and stations we would need to use, and also the best value ticket to buy, which was a T10.The hotel is in a very convenient position,situated about one block north of the Placa Catalunya, which has a Metro,tourist bus links and a Tourist Information Office, together with the largerst department store in the city.Las Ramblas is a five minute walk but we found the area around the hotel to be quiet and safe at night, with several good value tapas bars nearby.Whilst, together with other reviewers, we found the morning desk staff at check out to be a bit abrupt, although efficient,unlike the original gentleman, we will return when we next visit Barcelona. We booked our trip directly on the hotel's web site and were charged the reduced rates as agreed.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it! We stayed at this hotel for a conference so the only saving grace was that we didn't have to pay for it ourselves. It was very poor value for the rates it charges.It is obvious that most of the investment at this hotel has been made in the lobby - mostly in marble. However, not much has happened in the rooms. The bathroom was relatively new, and had good water pressure (which we had at all the hotels we stayed at). However, the bedroom area could definitely use some updating. The mattress must have been there since the hotel was built 50 years ago. Both my husband and I accidentally fell off the bed because we sat too close to the edge. The colors are all dreary and rather depressing to be around.Friends staying at the hotel had a number of exciting experiences, ranging from showers that didn't work to a room that smelled REALLY bad.Definitely not recommended.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RamblingJohn
<Content>On balance - good value My wife and I stayed with 2 friends for 3 nights. Both rooms were clean and well-appointed but the view from both rooms was the concrete light well. There were no alternative rooms on offer. The bathrooms were spacious and well-equipped and the minibar offered the usual delights.Throughout our stay there was only one lift working and trips to and from the 8th floor could take a long time. Breakfast was excellent but the staff needed constant prompting to replenish the buffet, particularly with the outstanding scrambled eggs.One hidden asset - we developed the habit of nightcaps on return to the hotel at night. The seemingly high-priced drinks turned out to be a bargain as they were served in enormous tumblers!The waiting staff and concierges were bright and helpful but the reception staff were rather more taciturn although pleasant enough.We paid a reasonalbe rate for the rooms through alpharooms and would rate the hotel good value on that basis. Location is excellent.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hysterian
<Content>Lovely place in a lovely city My husband and I stayed here after a cruise and really enjoyed the old world elegance. The location is unbeatable if you want to really enjoy the city.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>treezaSheffield
<Content>Good location, perhaps not quite 4* Excellent location. Very clean. Friendly staff. Perhaps not up to 4* expectations. Our room was at the back of the hotel. It was very dark and gloomy and looked out onto a large concrete inner area - very uninspiring(I did think about attaching a photo of this - but perhaps this would be unfair - from reading other reviews, it seems you should just ask for a room at the front). We asked for a double bed but got singles. There were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room but there was a minibar and safe. There was only one, relatively small, lift in operation. Breakfast was adequate but certainly not outstanding. Would visit Barcelona again but would try a different hotel.Don't be tempted to stop for a drink on La Rambla - 15 euros for 2 beers - and La Rambla is a bit of a disappointment anyway. However, the food market at the side of La Rambla is well worth a visit . The side streets by the hotel (particularly Rambla de Catalunya) are much more pleasant and offer better value for money - 2 large beers and 2 sangrias for around 9 euros.Re. sightseeing - a trip round the Palau de Orfeo Catalunya is a must. (P.S. I suspect the review prior to this may be for a different hotel as there was no pool and the hotel is a long way from the beach and Jamaica!)  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Lovely Vacation My husband and I arrived on a Saturday for a 5 night stay. And from the moment we arrived we were treated kindly and with a friendly smile. We enjoying the beach activities, including the fitness workouts. We were at the poolbar everyday and really enjoyed the staff. They were so nice. There were many different cultures at the resort and so we got to know people from all over the world. It was an awesome experience! We are in our mid-twenties and had a fabulous time at this resort. The food was good at the lunch buffet, each day we had seconds! You have to make reservations for dinner and there are dresscodes at some. Just dress lightly. It gets hot. We paid to have a massage in the gazebo on the beach. It was absolutely lovely. I read all the reviews on this site before I went and was slightly worried. This is what I have to say to future visitors: I think that if you have a good attitude and treat others the way you wish to be treated you'll have a fabulous time. Just because you're on vacation, doesn't mean your manners are on vacation, too! I love Jamaica, mon!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lmlang
<Content>Perfectly located! The staff at the Avenida Palace makes you feel at home right when you arrive. They immediately provide you with a map of the city and highlight the many Barcelona attractions that are within easy walking distance of the hotel. These include the Pla莽a Catalunya, La Rambla, Casa Mila, and the Gothic Quarter. We asked for a room facing the street and were pleased to receive one on the top floor, which gave us a great view over the city. The windows are triple-paned, so no street noise comes through, and we were able to adjust the air-conditioning to suit our preferences.As a family of 3, we received a small suite, which consisted of a large foyer, a small bedroom, a modern and well-equipped bathroom, and a small study with a desk and a sofabed for our 8-year-old. We definitely plan to stay at the Avenida Palace on our next trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If a certain brewery did hotels... They would do the Avenida Palace.Blessed with a near perfect location (walking distance to Las Ramblas, Placa de Catalunya, Passeig de Gracia, etc.) the opulent interiors and friendly staff are the perfect haven from the cosmopolitan bustle on the streets outside.We were offered an upgrade on arrival to a room on the 8th floor (room 811 at the end of the corridor). Not so much a room as a small apartment, complete with balcony where we would sit drinking champagne as the sun set and we prepared for our nights out in the Catalan capital.The baby sister to the Ritz just up the road, this is one of my favourite hotels in the world.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DotAtlanta
<Content>marvelous hotel we had three rooms at this hotel for only one night because we were leaving the next day on a cruise. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. the rooms were nice with great views of the city. The staff was very very helpful with information on restaurants, transportation, etc. They were friendly and very pleasant all the time. They made arrangements for a van to get all our luggage(for 7 people) to the ship. I would compare this lovely hotel with a Four Seasons hotel, only less costly. we all recommend this hotel to Barcelona visitors.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a beautiful Hotel We had booked a last minute holiday last May. Having only booked for 4 of us, we called 2 hours before departing from Gatwick to request an extra bed as another friend was going to join us on our trip. The staff couldn't be more helpful if they tried. They even changed one of our rooms, moving everything themsleves and placing it back exactly as they had found it.Breakfast was delightful, bucks fizz on a help yourself basis was a great start to our day.We had our purse stolen by the marina and informed the hotel staff who immediatley advised us who to contact and how to find the police.Would recommend this hotel to anyone. The decor was very beautiful and opulant.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab!!! Fab!!! Fab!!! Planning a special weekend away is often difficult and with all the hotels on offer in Barcelona, I wanted everything to be perfect. After much research and deliberation, I decided on the Avenida Palace, and believe me I was not disappointed. The location was superb - not too near but not too far to the centre of Barcelona. Best of all the wife was over the moon!!!We were able to walk to all the touristy places, in particluar Las Ramblas (about 5 minutes tops). I saw other popular hotels en route and was pleased I chose the Avenida Palace.The next time I visit Barcelona I will book the Avenida Palace because I know I can be guarenteed quality. Can I also suggest Le Pintor restaurant in the Gothic quarter - it is slightly expensive but real good quality.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent hotel! My husband and I had a wonderful stay in the Avenida Palace. Our room was great, it was on the 8th floor with a fantastic view over the city (do ask for a front facing room). The service was excellent, polite, friendly and professional. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona, it is positioned centrally, within easy access of museums, restaurants, the airport train and the metro - perfect!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superlative.... Superlative can only be used to describe our stay at the Avenida Palace Hotel. Service, accommodation and personnel proved to be of finest quality. Highly recommended. Will definitely stay at the Avenida Palace Hotel when I return to Spain.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CEESalisburyEngland
<Content>Room with a View We stayed here last year, for our honeymoon. We were told we would have a room with a view - we had a dark room that looked out onto a brick wall and concrete courtyard! We found the staff to be quite unwelcoming, everything seemed too much effort for them. We also had a problem with the water in our bathroom - it was dark brown and smelt, when we complained and asked to be given another room, they shrugged their shoulders and said they couldnt help! Disgusting service! The location of the hotel is fantastic and on first sight it looks amazing but I would not waste another euro in that hotel. Still, they have added to the memories of our honeymoon - just not the way we thought!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it's one of the worst hotel i've ever been it's a rip-off hotel and it's way under a four-class hotel - it should rather be classified in a two star.the staff was very unpolite (they even didn't say hello or goodbye). although we were confirmed for an outside room, they first gave us a inside. further more they wanted to charge us more than they confirmed.they change the linen only every three or four days, the ceiling of the bathroom was very dirty. all in all the room was very old and filthy.if you're looking for a hotel in barcelona, don't look for this one!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Very Good Hotel We enjoyed our stay in this lovely hotel.The location is the best in Barcelona, no douts at all. the nearest metro station is just 50 meters from the hotel. the hotel is located in the most beautiful main street in BCN, and is very close to the Ramblas and the Gothic Quarter and the other attractions.Breakfasts were very good and service was good.We didn't have a view to the city, but the room was very quiet and well equipped.I would recommend this hotel for tourists.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay The Avenida Palace is a great place to stay, we booked directly with the hotel and got a great deal and free upgrade (it's worth asking for any offers). The hotel is in a great location, central to most places on foot. Metro is close by for short trips around / out of the city. Barcelona is a great place lots to see and do, and keep most people happy with a variety of choices. Recommend the hotel and City to everyone - Fabulous.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nicest hotel of the whole trip We stayed 1 night at this hotel in the end of May 2004. We received the same day reservation from the Tourist info center at Plaza Cataluna after our book hostel was a nightmare. The Avenue palace is just 1 block North of the Ramblas and was the nicest hotel of the whole trip. This 4 star hotel is wonderful and full of luxury. The staff was pleasant and spoke perfect English and many other languages. The hotel has full valet service and the 2 floor lobby was elegantly decorated and even had a grand piano (player included). The dining room had crystal chandeliers and was huge. They even had shops in the lower level and full internet access. The 8th floor room came with a queen sized bed which was just 2 mattresses put together (which seems to be the standard in Europe) but still very comfortable). The closet was huge and contained a safe.We had a large bathroom,with a full size tub , massage shower, double sink, toilet and bidet. We had a TV, desk, night stands, and a suit hanging rack. We heard that the Beatles stayed here during their visit to Barcelona. We would definitely stay here again. We had good room with an excellent view of the city.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doc_Jon
<Content>Good, but ask for front facing room We agree with most of the reviews here. The service was excellent and the location was great for not only La Rambla but also for the Exiample district. We only stayed one night but our room, no. 452, was very dark. It was an internal room looking onto a small courtyard. We could barely see the sky. However, as we were only there one night, we did not worry about it. We would recommend asking for a front facing room if any available. The room was large enough with all the facilities you could need. Minibar was a bit expensive however. All in all, I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a bit of luxury. Be prepared to pay for it though.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MKLL
<Content>Perfect hotel for short break.   showReview(1787281, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timmypuscat
<Content>Perfect   showReview(1549032, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(1546940, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulmar
<Content>great hotel great location great city!   showReview(1545879, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kristine2378
<Content>nice place good location   showReview(1506840, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RodenbachRuss
<Content>Perfect location and good quality   showReview(1261490, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad   showReview(1150912, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rustysheba
<Content>A stay of my dreams   showReview(1138983, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Old "Bait and Switch"   showReview(1089707, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>girl08820
<Content>Superb   showReview(1037003, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SOF12
<Content>Situation excellente, un bon 3 茅toiles   showReview(22310283, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel, sehr gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(20550481, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>St盲dtereise Barcelona   showReview(19642935, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel central classieux et offrant un excellent service   showReview(19642934, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>monkeygmail
<Content>Husa Hotel Avenida Palace - 110 e lode!!!!   showReview(18160443, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel de grande tradition   showReview(18532120, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(19172684, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel alto livello   showReview(16586938, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Would return any time   showReview(16586937, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>magico7
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅, calme.       partie commune  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Emplacement ideal   showReview(15573207, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione ottima!   showReview(15573202, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non ci ritornerei   showReview(11300564, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>centralissimo   showReview(11300563, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Davvero un gran bell'hotel, ma purtroppo mal gestito   showReview(11300562, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Angelaru
<Content>Depende   showReview(10401935, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>POSIZIONE OTTIMALE   showReview(11660793, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(11660792, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙ゃ仌銇屻€併€?#x201d;   showReview(19164656, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣裤亜鍕濇墜銇亜銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19163427, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11453280, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇珛鍦?#x201d;   showReview(19161245, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eccezionale   showReview(11414672, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel tiene una situaci贸n...   showReview(11416828, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Assez d茅莽u   showReview(11356878, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un po' caro ma ottima posizione   showReview(11330721, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La prima colazione ha un prezzo...   showReview(11416829, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avions pris la "Junior...   showReview(11416831, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione personale...   showReview(11416832, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈般儵銈枫偄閫氥倞銇嬨倝銇欍亹...   showReview(19918735, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

