<Author>Michelle813
<Content>Truly lovely Bueatiful grounds, great rooms, extremely comfortable beds, room cleaned twice a day, staff nice polite. Price pretty good for the service and quality of the hotel. Worth every penny in all respects. Good location.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>rachiemoo
<Content>Good hotel, clean efficient with tasty breakfasts Super central hotel, staff pleasant but dont interact well outside 'programmed' situations. That said there were zero problems apart with getting a receipt for a prepaid room!! Rooms lovely and clean, super choice of breakfast. Lovely piano playing in the lobby every eveniing!!! Good choice of mid range hotel!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maggieburlington
<Content>Wonderful We enjoyed our stay and found the hotel very clean and comfortable. The breakfast's were amazing, very good and with loads to choose from. The staff were very friendly and helpful, they went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of and they were always on hand to help us out with directions, a taxi, subway or whatever we needed. On return from a day out of shopping or sightseeing our rooms were always spotless with fresh towels and the covers on the bed turned down. Would have no hesitation to stay there again. Thank you Mercure!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>liberaceLondon
<Content>Disappointing I see from another review that this hotel has apparently been renovated. Really? I'd have hated to see it before the work!It's an okay hotel, obviously quite classy when first built but now very tired and dull, everything's brown or beige and dark. The staff hardly speak any English at all which for a hotel advertising itself as ideal for business people and tourists seems a bit odd. The cleaning of the rooms was half hearted and hardly thorough - in and out in minutes, barely enough time to make the bed. And the decor is very tired and tatty in places.That said, it's ideally located for exploring Beijing and the food isn't bad.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	2	1	2	

<Author>murphy2384
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed here last July and the standard of service and hotel are both excellent. We were upgraded to a suite and the room was excellent. The lobby was welcoming as were the staff and there is a nice bar behind reception. The hotel is very clean with beds made up etc every day. The bellboys are excellent. Just tell them where you want to go and they will write it down in Mandarin for you so you can give it to the taxi driver.It is fairly close to the centre with about a 20 or 30 minute walk to Tiananmen Square (taxis are cheap though).All in all I cannot recommend it highly enough.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tala
<Content>Under Renovation We have just returned from 6 days at the Grand Mercure Xidan and after reading reviews on trip Advisor were not looking forward to our stay. However despite the renovation work and basic reception area we had a pleasant stay. Overall the staff were most helpful and friendly. The room was clean and fresh towels always on hand. Bedding and the overall appearance suggests that the hotel is in need of upgrade but we felt that the price we paid more than made up for lack of decor. Whilst we were in the hotel they were running special discount on meals and we found the buffet to be excellent value and of a high standard of presentation and quality. We would return to this hotel again once all the renovations are done, as it was so handy for shopping and seeing the sights. Beware of the black taxis at the front of the hotel. We were overcharged double to the airport. Take the metered blue and yellow but make sure your bags are not too big as they cannot get much in their boots.Scottish Travellers from Fife  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>plan249
<Content>Good value This must have been a very nice place when it was first built. Even the standard rooms are spacious, and contain some high end features, such as granite counter tops, bar, hair dryers.The general theme is minimalist cosmopolitan a little art deco-ish.It has however lost a little of it's lustre over the years. The hallways often smelly, and the carpets dirty. a few dents in the walls, peeling paint - that kind of thing. It is in the process of being renovated though, and the new lobby almost finished when we left.The room itself was clean where it counted. The bathrooms and the beds. Clean glasses and complimentary water.The service was excellent - we had our toilet plug (this happens easily in Beijing, be careful) and someone came and fixed it right away. Admin staff were plentiful and helpful - though not always fluent in English, they are patient while you charade your way through.The food was quite good, they have a French chef - and the buffet was a real variety. From lambchops to sushi. Also half price while we were there (about 10.00$ CAD)Catching cabs from the hotel was never a problem (with assistance from the doorman, but getting cabs to take us back to the hotel sometimes was. At first we thought they didn't know the location - but discovered that taxi drivers don't like to take fares the short distances that we often needed to go. Government taxis are incredibly cheap, so a ride from Forbidden city to Xidan (where the Mercure is located) only nets them about 2.50$ CAD. You can offer them a little more and they may take you. Or you can threaten to report them and refer to thier ID tag - as there is a heavy fine for them if they are caught refusing a fare.Also, good to know, some drivers know this hotel by it's previous name The Marco Polo Hotel.All in all, I liked the hotel, slept like a log (nice and quiet) liked the location, liked the food, and the price (75.$ for a standard twin). I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marcgorospe
<Content>Great Value for Money This hotel was categorized as a 3 star hotel by our travel agent but we felt like we're in 4 star. We stayed at their executive room and it was big and clean. The ambiance was relaxing. We had problem with our shower but was immediately fix. Overall the room and their service were great for this type of hotel.The lobby and some parts of the hotel are currently being renovated probably for the Olympics but we had no problem with it. Their buffet dinner was good.Location is great. We are near the subway. You should have no problem going to hooters :).  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>SusiePops
<Content>very poor stayed at the grand mercure for 4 nights and was extremely dissapointed, Staff unfriendly, building works abound so no lobby to speak of, no bar average breakfast and average room. I felt quite envious when returning from trips and other travellers were dropped off at numerous other swish hotels and then me back to what was at best a travel lodge ie no facilities. Do not stay at this hotel there are 100's of other chouces do not make my mistake!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Reviewer79
<Content>Great place for seeing Beijing We stayed here as part of our honeymoon in June and have been meaning to write a review for some time now!Accomodation:Can't fault the rooms for the price. It was a good size, clean and modern. Bathroom was also good size and overall we were very happy with quality of the roomRestaurants/breakfast:Firstly, the breakfasts were very good. There was a great range of food available and in contrast to our stay at a hotel in Xian it was all fresh and really tasty. Restaurant food was good - a decent range of food on the menu with service being friendly and prompt. ~We had a couple of lovely evening meals and all were great value. Location:The hotel is well located being a 10 minute walk from Forbidden City etc and near to some local shops. Most of our time was spent going on orgainsed trips which pick you up from the hotel itself but generally this seems to be a well located hotel (note no particular views to see though).Overall:This is a really good 4 star hotel. Service, location and accomadation were all very good.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lgbudapest
<Content>Just OK Stayed here last week for 3 nights. I agree with another reviewer who rated it OK. That's all it was - just OK.Some of the check-in staff do not speak very good English (eg I asked for a safety deposit box and she replied - what kind of breakfast box do you want??????).We had a room on the 8th floor. It was OK - very old and tired; really could use a makeover. Bathroom was OK but old, some of the tiles were marked and cracked. Our room actually looked out onto the street below, so no building work.Breakfast was mediocre at best. Some of the drinking glasses were very dirty. Food looked totally unappetizing so decided not to even try it.On the good side - we ate from the room service menu twice and it was well-priced and the food was good. We tried local and western dishes and everything was good. The biggest problem was actually getting a menu, as there wasn't one in the room - had to go down to reception and beg for one (nobody answered the phone when I tried calling from the room).As others have stated - most taxi drivers know this hotel as the Marco Polo. Even though one needs a taxi to get anywhere from anywhere in Beijing, I found that a lot of taxi drivers refused to take us to the hotel (ie from Silk Street), saying it was too far away. I noticed many other hotels that looked a lot more central and a lot nicer than this one - this has absolutely nothing to recommend it.Having said that - I can't really complain about anything specific. It was just OK. Beds were comfortable, room was large. But I wouldn't stay there again and would rather pick something newer and better located.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>djmatthews
<Content>It's OK       Beds  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>1spike
<Content>4 star hotel with 2 star ambience We arrived to a room which smelled like staled rice crackers later to find it was the stench of mold. Our first room had black mold all over the shower and air conditioner. After a long night of trying to sleep, we asked to change our room. Our second room was a smoke filled room. One bed gave us some type of flea bites. The breakfast bufet was the least desirable. The staff were all new since the hotel was recently converted from the Marco Polo hotel. Registration took approximately 1 hour. The gift shop consisted of a closet without any postcards. Our tour guide said that this hotel was known as the second best 4 star hotel in Beijing . I think you if you are planning to visit Beijing you should try a 5 star hotel.Unhappy, US  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Jusjuly07
<Content>Mis-represented as New Hotel ! Spent 5 nights at Grand Mercure Xidan earlier this month. While it is in a good location, close to metro stations, this is a largish hotel (around 400 rooms) that doesn't live up to the grand mercure chain reputation and leaves a lot to be desired. During my trip, we stayed at 4 locations - Nanjing, Beijing, Shanghai, and Xian - and this was by far the worst not only in terms of value for money but in every way!I stayed there with my 18y.o. son and we had a magazine promotional deal which said it was a new hotel.Well, it might have been new in the 1980s when it was built and known - as it still is to most taxidrivers - as The Marco Polo. But now it is a very tired spot in desperate need of a make-over. The rooms are not sound-proofed to the level we expect today - but in their favour they do have some inter-connecting family rooms, which are often hard to find. Even the bath-towels, mats and robes still bore the insignia of Marco Polo so it has evidently been a walk-in-walk-out takeover. The towels are threadbare; the bathmats unravelling. Yes, the bathroom is still serviceable and must have been very smart back in the early 80s as this is the style of fitting there, but overall this is NOT a quality hotel. The carpets are stained, the curtains are well past their use-by date and are no longer block-out by any standard, and the TV was one of the old clunkers with very few channels to select from! Lighting was dim and desperate, and we received minimal re-charge of our toiletries even though we were there for 5 full days. The bed linen was adequate, but not new, and the cupboards were de-laminating, though the safe appeared adequate. Our room on the 8th floor overlooked the festering rooftop above the restaurant several floors below, and featured overgrown garden and slush. Peering through the Beijing air pollution, we could barely see the opposite side of the large Avenue in front of us; however, this street view will be the better aspect as soon as the building that is currently being erected next door goes up a few more floors. Workmen are on it from crack of dawn, so a room with that view will be noisy as each successive floor is constructed! (They have constructed about 6 floors to date, so plenty more to go up! ) Given the very close proximity to Tianamen Square and major tourist areas, I can see the owners of this hotel have purchased for future position and not for current premises. I'd suggest it will be a future tear-down as are many buildings/hutongs in Beijing. There is a reasonably sized Roman-style swimming pool in the basement 3 levels below ground, and a spa that could take about 16 people, with a life-guard-cum-attendant who points at the signs (in English) and ensures one never steps out of line, though I woulnd't like to really need his life-saving skills - too close for comfort; one couldn't relax under his gaze. And they make you sign to buy their (too small) swimming caps before you are allowed into the pool! Use of the business centre is a joke. One ancient computer works slowly, with a keypad that jumps everywhere, and they overcharge you to use it! Breakfast was included in our promotional deal, and the buffet closes at 9:30a.m. SHARP. We weren't the only ones we saw caught out by this. Not that it is a good buffet; it offers an odd selection, trying to offer American style breakfast but not really making it, and very few fresh fruits or yoghurts suited to a light Australian diet. Quite a bit of Japanese-style items served, and a little cheese  crackers, and tired looking muffins  danish pastries. Take your own tea-bags if you want a decent cuppa! And don't expect much by way of service. The staff here are poorly trained and really need to practice their smiles (and uniform washing and wearing!) in time for the Olympics! The adjective surly comes to mind! Yet, given the rush to supply desperately needed tourist accommodation in time for next year's anticipated influx, I imagine the Grand Mercure Xidan will continue to get away with charging too much and giving too little. We were never given a map (we bought a very good fold-out laminated one at the foreign bookstore near the enormous shopping centre around the Hyatt Hotel)but only saw one on the last day when we needed to collect tickets from the concierge desk.  I'd chosen this hotel based on its proximity to sights as well as because of the promotion. Be aware that, given that taxis are cheap enough in Beijing and the scale of walking what might appear to be a few blocks is really quite a bit further than one might initially be lulled into thinking is a walkable distance, location of a hotel probably need not be your highest priority when selecting accommodation in Beijing. Because this is inner-city, it has the drawbacks that not many little restaurants are open after 8p.m., and certainly very few after 9:p.m. - we wanted something around then, and ended up with a walkable choice of KFC, McDonalds, Gloria Jeans, or a sushi-train type of place (we were their final customers at just before 10p.m. ) I think it would be as easy to be further out, use the Metro more - they are building new lines at a furious pace, and the trains are good, if very cramped at times (still not as bad as Tokyo) - and in a nicer hotel rather than stay at the Marco Polo/Grand Mercure. I certainly wouldn't choose it if visiting for the Olympics. There are closer, and what appear nicer, accommodations than this to spend my hard-earned dollars in.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>chocolateprincess
<Content>Excellent value, great hotel We loved the Marco Polo! We stayed in December and good a real cheap deal (I think it was around 拢25 per night!). The hotel is modern, the rooms clean and comfy, the staff helpful and friendly. There is a travel desk in the main lobby, which can help you with trips and further travel arrangements (I needed to get a train ticket and they sorted that all out for me). Our room was large, the bathroom clean and medium sized. we even had HBO and a good buffet breakfast was included. It was excellent value for money! The location is good. Beijing has two main subway lines and there is a station for each within 500 meters of the hotel. There is also a large modern shopping centre close by. The Forbidden City is only a few subway stops from the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dynamo
<Content>Great Value, Great Location The hotel was very nice overall for the price paid. It is in a very good location just minutes by foot to the Xidan shopping area, which is the main shopping district in Beijing, complete with a lot of malls.The decor all over the hotel is very modern and nice. Breakfast was plentiful with a nice variety of western and chinese dishes.The room we stayed in was large, clean and very nice. The room was a bit warm on the first night, though not really uncomfortably hot. I made a call to housekeeping in the morning and they fixed it by the time we got back in the afternoon. It was pleasantly cool afterwards.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>NorthernHenry
<Content>o.k. if the right deal Got a good deal, in combination with the flights from uk so worth while, Make sure you get the address in chinese character and also Marco Polo (as many taxi's still know it as this..)Appears very out of the way on arrival, but it has very good subway connection 2 stops to Tian'amnen, you can walk to this but subway clean safe  very good, and runs late.Lots of modern Malls on doorstep of hotel(best part is there's no Westerns!). Starbucks 2 min walk (hotel coffee really awful). Lots of building around hotel, although off putting at first this is everwhere on run up to 2008.Taxi's easy from front door, all very cheap (hotel has little card to explain popular locations in chinese to taxi drivers).Rooms o.k. - averaqge standard, nice modern bathrooms, room stank of stale smoke (non-smoking room) didn't clear all week.beds very comfortable, tea coffee water in room.Hotel restaruant really bad (got served half a semi-raw chicken), breakfast buffet ok  adequate for most peole (although a large choice)- if you want silver service you'd be staying at a big US chain and paying 4 times the price. Mall next door has basement foodcourt many options for food (chinese/ japanese) and very good quality, clean/modern and cheap (aimed at young professionals). Other guests either chinese or european which makes for quieter environment.Summary: I'd stay again, as Mercure takes over from Marco Polo would imagine steady stream of improvements will be taking place. Hotel has pool and gym, but to be honest why use when so much to see! (appearred clean and modern)  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>ChrisRugby
<Content>Under new management This hotel has now been taken over by Mercure and I am hoping they will make some necessary changes. Overall it was a good enough hotel in a convenient location, but there were some flaws. Our room (at the front) was far too hot and the aircon made no difference. You either opened the window and had lots of traffic noise or had the fan blasting out air that was little different. The carpet had a big wet stain when we checked in which was disconcerting. On the plus side the staff were nice enough and the pool was very good and quiet (swim caps needed). Breakfast was fairly good, if crowded. The restaurant seemed quite pricey for what it offered and the so-called happy hour did not include most drinks. We found a good local restaurant over the road and the nearby Times Square was full of designer shops with a good pizza restaurant if you wanted a change from Chinese. We walked to Tianamen Square and an excellent Peking Duck restaurant quite easily, but taxis are only 10 yuen.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>vjchong
<Content>A romantic winter       Forbidden City  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kim_Mitten
<Content>Great time Thought this Hotel was lovely. We stayed there quite some time ago on our Honeymoon - at that time it all looked brand spanking new.Room was clean, staff very helpful, breakfast vast, every type you could ever want, Chinese, English, American, European.Thought the location was great, we walked to Tianamen Square and it took about 15 minutes - there is also loads of shops both ways up and down the road just a short walk away.Taxis are so cheap in China that location of a hotel really doesn't matter - the staff in the hotel gave us a card in Chinese to show to taxi drivers where to take us.Excellent stay would go back any time.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SxD
<Content>Nice surprise After reading other reviews I was apprehensive about the standard of this hotel but was ultimately pleasantly surprised. Location was OK.....we were on a tour so picked up each day by coach. Rooms good, facilites good, breakfast great, restaurant expensive for China so eat out. Can't comment on value for money....part of package.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>utravel
<Content>look elsewhere When you step into the lobby it looks acceptable but it stops there.The rooms are dated and very worn, the towels were ragged and torn. The sheets and beds were scary. Dirty carpet.The location is in the middle of nowhere, i know that beijing is not central but dear god atleast a little restaurant or bar nearby would be cool. All the previous posts on the concierge are correct - they are of no help.As a bonus - they checked another guest into my room at 630AM in the morning by mistake, a nice Japanese gentleman barged into my room key in hand - needless to say it was the cherry on the sunday.I guess the only positive is that it forced me to stay away from the hotel - so i got to experience a good deal of the city.My advice - look elsewhere, please do it for me.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	2	

<Author>********************
<Content>Hotel was average My family booked 5 rooms at the hotel early this month for a tour in Beijing and I can say this hotel offers average amenities for a 4star hotel. Everything went okay, rooms were clean as expected, lobby was nice, staff were friendly and breakfast was good... except for the room air-conditioning that doesn't cool all night. I first thought it was only our room that had the problem but when we gathered for breakfast the next day, all our family members complained about their room airconditioning. We called the attention of the front desk and their answer was since it's start of the autumn season and there's cooler air outside, their hotel decided to shut down the airconditioning... according to the front desk, we will have to call housekeeping each night if we want the airconditioning turned on in our rooms. It's weird because we know for a fact that hotels shut their airconditioning system only during winter time and not during the end of summer or the start of autumn.Hotel location is average but I personally feel it would be best to be billeted in a hotel along the Wafujing Street especially if one's stay in Beijing is short.Overall stay in Beijing is good. The sights to visit are awesome! A must see on my list would be the Great Wall, the Forbidden City and the Temple of Heaven.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Aussie_traveller
<Content>A nice place overalll I stayed here in January and I find it to be a nice property. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms a good size. It's hard to say if the location was good because everything in Beijing seems so spread out, however it was something like 3-4 blocks from Tiannemen Square. The staff were all friendly and most spoke good english or at least humoured my poor attempts at mandarin. The hotel is a very 'western' style hotel and seemed to cater to that market. Further down the road there was a very large shopping precinct with supermarkets, department stores and fast food outlets. The chinese love their fast food outlets and are great if you don't speak the language as you can point at the pictures to order. The only negative I had with this hotel was that you had to buy a swimming cap for about $10 to swim in the indoor pool. This was annoying but not enough to sour my stay.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>cybertraveller696
<Content>So so Location: not the best, wrong side of Tianammen SqRooms: we got upgraded, so happy with size, but decor outdatedStaff: nice, helpfulValue: you get what you pay forIf you can take the location, I recommend staying therePS: asked for a private tour to the wall WITHOUT any 'shopping' (i.e. jade factory tourist traps) stops - were made to stop anyway, so beware  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	1	

<Author>aknight
<Content>Not a 4 star hotel The Marco Polo Beijing is a just ok hotel that doesn't live up to its 4 star rating. Yes, the rooms were clean and the location was decent, there wasn't anything spectacular about the hotel at all. My wife and I found the room to be dark and uninviting, although we weren't in it other than to sleep. I don't have anything horrible to say about the Marco Polo, but there isn't much good either. Really it is just an average hotel that will disappoint if you are expecting luxury, service, or special amenities.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, friendly and conveniently located hotel I booked the marco polo hotel using airline network and for 拢68 per room per night including breakfast it was by far the cheapest price. The hotel is 5 minutes walk from a Tube station and a shopping mall is also close by. Due to Beijing being so big and the sights so spread out we found being close to the tube extremely convenient and at appox 30p to use the tube a cheap option to get around. The reception is beautiful and all staff were very friendly and helpful even allowing us to leave our cases there for 2 days whilst travelling to Xian. On our first 2 nights stay we were upgraded to the continental suite which was on the 10th floor. The only real difference to standard rooms was a larger bathroom and shower cubical. The rooms were spacious with extremely confortable beds. You have a mini bar and free water along with all the usual free toiletries. The breakfast was lovely with a choice of fruit, breads, meats, cooked breakfast, cereals etc etc what you would expect from a 3-4 start hotel. My husband and I would certainly stay there again and would recommend it to our freinds and family.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sara10
<Content>Great stay for business travel Got a great rate for the Corporate Floor from the Marco Polo's internet site. Included breakfast, laundry and pressing service, afternoon tea, evening drinks, chocolates on the pillow, etc. Room, bed, shower, internet access, all great. Check-in and check-out very efficient. Hotel staff very helpful in getting taxis and ensuring destination was understood by the driver. Hotel is situated between two subway lines - 3 minute walk to either stop. Second floor restaurant a little slow but reasonable prices. All in all, I highly recommend based on my experience.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ethelman
<Content>competent hotel Hotel is clean and quite well situated.No hotel meets all normal criteria for location in Beijing, and this one is fine for taxis to central sites, and for Summer Palaces. For Chaoyang (entertainment district= red light area in a very mild way) it's a bit of a hike. Room on 9th floor had queen bed and was a no-smoking room.Room cleaning was efficient- going to breakfast leaving the please make up sign meant it invariably was.Breakfast buffet was fine- the usual stuff. Things that ran out got replenished quickly.Staff language skills pretty good- outside staff would translate into Chinese for the driver, and the card was fine for getting you back to the hotel. Near two metro stations but we rarely used the metro, as 3 people meant a cab was the same price and didn't involve the ubiquitous stairs.Shop next door sold water, biscuit bars , beer at silly low prices.No restaurants of note nearby, although Times Square Plaza, about 3 mins walk away has Starbucks and a few decent fast-ish food places, including a Japanese, a Korean and be There or Be Square(Cantonese).Hotel restaurant OK- although the only one open is the buffet/ a la carte place. No in-house Cantonese at present. Foyer bar ok, usual high-ish prices.We took the Hutong tour from the hotel, and were very pleased. We went into a courtyard house, chatted via our guide with the owner over a tea, then visited a school. This is run by an outside organisation, but our concierge was genuinely interested in how we found the tour- and indeed on talking about the UK.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vanagon
<Content>Complete Mediocrity After staying recently at the Marco Polo Hotel, I have to say that they have a long long long way to go before they can hope to host the crowds for the Olympics. In that sense, the hotel was a reflection of Beijing in general.Some objections:1. My requests for a nonsmoking room off the street were ignored (and no, Febreeze does not suddenly make a room NonSmoking).2. The level of English at the hotel was poor. I know that my Mandarin is nonexistent, but can the Concierge please speak English or German or French? Also, the Concierge seems to have no idea how to read a map or an address in Chinese!! My friend and I knew more about the layout of Beijing in 2 days than any of the Concierges did! We would show them the address in English and Mandarin, plus where it was on the map, and they still had to make phone calls to figure it out. Amazing. They also have no knowledge whatsoever of what is happening in town. We had to figure that out ourselves too. Thanks Time Out Beijing!3. The tour coordinator tries to swindle you into paying for extras that you do not want. For instance - I wanted to see the Great Wall - not a number of kitschy shops, tea rooms, etc. Beware. They practically kidnap you, as the guides they used are paid commission on your purchases at these cheesy locations. No thanks! We strenously objected, but the tour guide said we had to do what he said. Unbelievable. They will also try to charge you double or triple for the Opera. No need.4. We were charged a fortune for a pot of coffee in our room ($20usd). And when i pointed out that this must be an error, they were incredibly rude and refused to budge although they could not produce the receipt that I supposedly signed to agree to payment. My advice - either splurge for the really nice hotels like Grand Hyatt or go for a small, cheaper guest house in a Hutong. The Marco Polo was the worst of both worlds. No charm, No service.If you do stay there, be sure to rent a bicycle and ride away from the joint like the wind!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>yuwaltz
<Content>A good choice for budget travelers       view from my room  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>piccolita
<Content>Good enough Stayed at the Marco Polo Beijing last week, and I guess I had high expectations. All in all the hotel was ok. The best thing about it was the lobby which gives you the impression of class and good things to come. It was very quiet and clean- none of the busy-ness of more commercial hotels. Buffet meals were average to above average. The room was nice in an understated way with nice cottony sheets. But I just have to say, for those who are maniacally clean, that the bathroom had a few stray hairs and used floss on the floor when I arrived. (Eeeeew) I presume its from the previous people.Internet was also expensive at about 70 yuan for less than 30 minutes.About location, hmmmmm, this isnt such a great location if you plan to do some walking around the hotel area. There's nothing beside or in front of it. There's a huge construction going on beside, so it seems like the only place really in that area. But nearby, is a commercial center with some shops but you will have to cross a really wide avenue. Or maybe just take a cab.If you are going to be traveling by bus or cab all the time, then the location is fine.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice in this price category At almost half the price of the luxury hotels in Beijing, the Marco Polo is a great choice for a clean and comfortable stay in Beijing. Though 5 stars may be a bit generous (4.5 was not an option), everything at the hotel was quite nice. Please note that there is some construction next to the hotel, but all of the guests I encountered on my stay were upgraded to jr suites or put on the west side of the hotel and did not have noise problems. Make sure to ask. The rooms were everthing you'd expect from a 4 star and they were fairly clean and new by China standards. The staff and concierge were polite and very helpful. The breakfast buffet was plentiful with western and chinese options. Beijing is very spread out and there is really no central location to stay. This property is slightly out of the way. You can walk to the Forbidden City from here, but it's a long half hour walk. There is a lovely Hutong area across the street for strolling and dining (there is a great dumpling house) and a few department stores down the street. But be prepared to take taxis nearly everywhere in Beijing no matter where you stay.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AllanG
<Content>Very Satisfied I stayed here 3 nights in early November and was very satisfied. Make sure your room isn't on the side where there's construction going on. The room was nice and large, the breakfast buffet was good. You're not walking distance to anything but the taxis are so cheap it's not an issue. Anyway the sights around Beijing are so spread out there really isn't one central location. But if you're back at the hotel by evening time there's no where else really to eat out the door. The staff was great and we arranged tours in the lobby tour desk. The best were the Forbidden City, Great Wall, Summer Palace, and Bike Tour through the hutongs. We booked the Marco Polo because the price was right so if you're looking for something modern and comfortable but want to save a bit of money I'd recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>really so so hotel We stayed there for three nights in Oct. compairing the one (Westin in Shanghai), langhamm palce at Hongkong, this hotel is just not even close. Staffs are reading newspaper at work (in the lobby), there is no one to get a cab for you. The hotel just looks like 70s hotel. Carpets are dirty. I read the other review a bit, frankly, I don't agree with them at all. Probably I have a bit high expectation. Yes, the location is not bad. But the service and hotel itself really need a lot of improvement. Overall, the best service is at Hongkong, and Shanghai. Beijing is just about 5 to 10 years behind. We won't stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>NolaCooke2162
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at the Marco Polo in late September 2005 and loved it. The staff all speak English and are very helpful; the breakfast was great; the fitness centre, though small, had all I needed; and it was well located, being only about 50 metres from the Xi Dan underground station, which is a 2 yuan ride to Tien An Men Square and the Forbidden City. Being upgraded to a junior suite was a real bonus! I will stay here again if I go back to Beijing and recommend it unreservedly to everyone.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tandme2
<Content>Marco Soso I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights just last week. Yes, it is a good location, and yes, it was clean. That's about it. The breakfast was not very good, runny eggs, undercooked bacon, unattentive wait staff and a chef that didn't want to cook.The rooms are very plain and out dated. Toilet paper is more like sand paper. Thin towels and they didn't want to give us anymore unless we turned in the ones we had. The carpet seems clean, but looks very used, in the rooms and in the hallways.The lobby staff was nice, but none of the doormen we encountered spoke english, and were unable to help with making sure our taxi driver knew where to take us. Thankfully, we had a business card that had the major sites written in Chinese that we could show to our driver.We also stayed four nights at the Marriott Beijing West, what a difference! See review on Marriott for more info.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rate it 7 out of 10 The good: 1) Spacious rooms, nice linen, and the concierge will be quite keen to upgrade you if you are not happy with your room. All you need to do is politely complain, and they will come to your aid. We got a room facing an enormous construction site, and since they work 24/7 in Beijing, we decided to complain. We got a fancy suite facing the main street, which was quiet; the bathrooms are quite large with both a shower and a bath-tub (bath tub not reccomended though - black spots spitting out of the faucet and yellow water put us off a bit)2) People are bangig on about location in some of the reviews. I seriously don't understand the complaint. Mind you, Beijing is an enormous city, and ridicolously crowded, which in itself makes it a hard place for pedestrians; furthermore, taxi's are affluent and so cheap that it is hard to believe. We never paid more than about 2 USD almost anywhere we went, so in my world, it doesn't really matter where you are in this city, as long as you are somewhere inside the city, and not out by the airport or near a cest pit somewhere. Taxi is your key, and the easiest way to get around. Bring a map to show to cab drivers with names in Chinese - it will make everything a lot easier. 3) Staff was helpful, albeit language is an issue - but that was expected, so it didn't really matter.The bad:1) I mentioned all the construction in Bejing - which again leads to a lot of dust and dirt. Beijing isn't the cleanest city in the world, and this fact goes badly with carpets. Even though this hotel is fairly new, it looked old mainly due to the filthy carpeting throughout the hotel. The Chinese are also famous for their spitting in the streets habbit; I know a lot of guests wear their shoes inside; all this add to the icky feeling you get when you take your shoes off after a long day and stick your bare feet on a rather filthy rug. I have never really used hotel slippers that much before, but in this location they came in handy.2) The staff at the breakfast buff茅 needs to change their attitude and do a better job. They tend to be a bit snippy and the are not attentive at all when food items run out, when you want more tea or honney and the like; 3 out of 5 days they were out of scrambled eggs and other things; all three times I had to ask them to sort some more out. No biggie, but three times over you start getting a bit annoyed, especially when the buff茅 is expensive, and not that great.3) They brag about their indoor pool; it is OK but nothing fancy. What is worse, they force you to buy a swimming cap for 60 Juan before you are allowed to enter. A bit cheeky I thought, and it made everyone look ridiculous. One size does NOT fit all Europeans. But the pool was clean, which is good (it really should be in a 4 star so...).All in all: a good deal, and it is a great starting point for tours and trips to various sites outside and inside the city. If they got rid of their rugs and got wooden floors or similar instead, then it would be 5 star, and a much better, and more hygenic experience, for all guests. This will not bother brits - and Americans for that matter - since they seem to have the same nasty habbits with rugs as the Chinese - and many other countries for that matter, but for all Scandinavians who are accustomed to materials which makes it easy to dodge dirt and not collect it over time, the rugs at this hotel can be slightly off-putting. 1 point off for the breakfast staff, and two points off for filty, scrubby rugs: I give it 7 out of 10.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marco Polo? Marco Polo!       Buffet  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New hotel in Beijing My wife  I had a four nights stay in the new hoel in Beijing a few blocks west of Teinanmin Square.Very good location for touring all attractions in Beijing.Our corner room was large, quite, clean and comfortableWill stay there again next time.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travellingincognito
<Content>Lovely Boutique Hotel in the Middle of Smog City We stayed at the Marco Polo for 8 nights and found it to be very good value due to an American Express special 3 nights for the price of 2 (each night was around US$105+15%). The hotel has an excellent location, situated between two subway stations on two different lines- this alone is almost worth the price of the room.We were upgraded to a room on the Executive Floor (rm1046) with a view of the construction site next door. The bathroom was beautiful- separate glass-enclosed shower, bathtub, marble detailing, great towels. The bed is very comfortable and furnished with feather quilt and pillows. TV has HBO, 3 news stations, ESPN and various Chinese channels.Staff are generally helpful and speak basic English (for excellent service and English, check for a chap called Winter at the Front Desk).A western breakfast buffet is served on the Executive Floor and drinks and cocktails are served at certain times throughout the day. Ok, now for the brickbats.-Although we LOVED the luxurious feel of the feather bedding, we had some problems with allergies and requested non-feather bedding. Our request was met with some limp pillows and ratty blankets.-The special rate of our room entitled us to breakfast for 1 person for the 8 nights we were staying. We negotiated with Winter at the Front Desk to divide the breakfasts between us (so, instead of 8 breakfasts for 1 person over 8 days, we would have 4 breakfasts for 2 people over 4 days)- we were very pleased with the arrangement however the next day after having breakfast, we were presented with a bill from the 'butler' on the 10th floor for one breakfast. She was very obstinate, had no idea about good customer service and told us (get this) that if we didn't pay, she would get Winter (the front desk clerk) to pay(!) so we had to get the manager in who cleared things up. This conflict played out throughout our stay, which made it a bit stressful during breakfast! By the way, breakfast really wasn't worth all the hassle- the usual hotel buffet spread, no Chinese options and TEA-BAGS! Can you believe it?!-We can't say for sure what happened, but my partner 'lost' US$20 from some money he had (unsuccessfully) hidden and I 'misplaced' some dried persimmons I'd brought from Singapore. OK, we should have used the safe for the money, but you'd think that some dried fruit would be safe from pilfering fingers?!-ROOM SERVICE FOOD IS AWFUL! One night, after doing 10KM hike on the Great Wall, we came back too late to dine at our favourite restaurant and ordered some Chinese items from the room service menu- quite possibly the most awful room service meal we've ever had the misfortune to digest. If you MUST eat in your room, try to get some dim sum from the third floor restaurant delivered to your room.-Concierge is a joke- direct all inquiries to Winter. -Access to quality newspapers is terrible- they have only one copy of the International Herald Tribune and The South China Post on the 10th Floor and they guard it jealously- no taking it back to the room to enjoy at your leisure!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>samcat
<Content>great except for location Spacious room, drinkable tap water, helpful staff who spoke pretty good English. Dining room okay, not great. Oddly, breakfast buffet cost more than either lunch or dinner buffet. Only big drawback was location. Not in walking distance of anything interesting. Only 2 restaurants nearby. One was very expensive and the other (across the street) double charged us for dinner.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Find Stayed at the Marco Polo for 3 nights. Great rooms, lovely bathrooms and very attentive staff. Great location for T-square and Forbidden City. Can't say anything bad about it!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>saint82
<Content>A Marvelous Hotel at a Great Price I just got back from four nights at the Marco Polo, as a result of the reviews on tripadvisor and the information in Frommers. I stayed on the Continental Floor for $110 a night for a double room including breakfast buffet (which was delicious).The Marco Polo is a beautiful hotel, with wonderful access to Beijing's subway system. The lobby will seduce you. The large room and marble bath were wonderful. The linens were of the highest quality. Amenities include slippers, bathrobes, umbrellas, late check out (until 4pm) along with the ordinary. The room was quiet and comfortable. They also have a large pool and very well equipped health club.The staff was great. They assisted me any number of times. It seems that the best price can be had on the hotels webpage.The only negative I could find is that the tours at the tour desk were overpriced. But isn't that always the case? You can arrange your own tours by using the advice in Frommers or almost any quidebook for half the price. Most of the comparable hotels were over $175 a night. The Marco Polo is a spectacular hotel and it's a steal.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shoshanna82
<Content>Great for business or please Stayed at the Marco Polo for a week in May at the very end of a longer stay in China. Needed to get some work done while there, they had a great business center. They have a luxury business center on the top floor of the hotel. Rooms and bathrooms and very large and very luxurious. Look on line for a deal on the continental club. Top floor rooms include use their the private library, large screen tv lounge, a great breakfeast buffet, and private discrete check-in. It was very VIP and comfortable. The location of the hotel was pretty good, on a nice day I walked to Tienammen and the Forbidden City. It was about a 20 minute walk. Also, while I was there they were finishing an opera house right across the street, should be ready soon. The conceirge was great, decent prices on tours (of course you can do better on the street) but by the end of my trip I was looking to fit in alot of things without any risk. Did their Great Wall tour, the Ming Tombs tour and the Peking Opera night. They negatiated cabs for us and recommended great places for all our needs. The resturant was pretty good, overpriced, but worth it for the convenience, same for the bar in the lobby.Highly Recommended  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>missalg
<Content>Lovely oasis in the Big City I stayed for five nights in the Marco Polo Beijing and really enjoyed coming back to my large, clean, comfy room after a day in Beijing's July heat. The staff was helpful and friendly, the room service food is quite good when you're just too tuckered to go back out, and the location is convenient: 15-20 minute walk to Tianenmen Square and very close to two metro stations.I'd recommend this for its quiet serenity and clean comfort.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danou812
<Content>Excellent hotel I stayed in the MP in July 2005 and found it to be an excellent hotel. The room was spacious, clean, and well-appointed. The mattress was a bit firm for my taste, but it wasn't uncomfortable. The location was good, a short walk to the Xidan subway station and shopping area. It's about a mile west of Tiananmen Square. Since a subway ticket is about 30 cents and taxis are quite cheap and efficient, location may or may not be a major factor, however. Service was very attentive and courteous. The facilities (pool, gym, jacuzzi, locker room, Cafe Marco) were very nice. I would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PuddyTat
<Content>Great location, good value       Continental Club Lounge  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

