<Author>Stelaxguy
<Content>Great Location, Free Mini-bar, Too Great Read about this place online and truthfully the lobby isn't all that impressive. From there though it all gets better. It is right next to a Metro stop which makes it easy to get anywhere.The rooms are very nice, with sound proof windows, deluxe beds and very nice bathrooms. This was my third time to stay there.In addition the mini bar is free. Very very nice. We loved it.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>cosmo_s05
<Content>Everything fine except internet access rates Very good hotel, with a very good location.Among the (many) positive points: large and clean rooms, sound-proof windows (so there is all the benefit on being on Gran Vian, without the noise of the traffic), nice interior with inside-panoramic elevators, good breakfast with a lot of choice.The location is ideal, on Gran via (cinema  theater avenue), at 200 m of Puerta del Sol, and a little bit more of Plaza Mayor. A subway station and bus stops are just in front.To be complete about a negative point mentioned by other reviewers: the hotel is also at the corner of Montera street, which is certainly not the nicest place in town (some prostitutes and a few sex shops), but this cannot be considered as a problem, first because the hotel is not in the street itself, so it can be completely avoided during your stay. Secondly, there is no particular danger: this street is wide, and there are a lot of tourists at any time because it is the shortest way between Gran Via and Puerta del Sol (not to mention that police is very present everywhere in central Madrid).The only bad surprise in this hotel was the internet connexion rate (accessible either by Wifi, cable or the room's TV/multimedia system), which is sold at the prehistoric rate of 10 鈧?for 1 hour and 20 鈧?for 24h (yes, you read correctly). Anyway, besides this minor point, this hotel is a very good choice. I would definitely come back again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>luvholsBristol
<Content>wonderful stay Had to write a review for this hotel as some reviews did'nt seem very fair.The staff were great, the hotel was beautiful and the city was awesome. Would definitely stay there again, we were right in the heart of the city and it wasn't at all seedy, ok there were some prostitutes but they were no bother at all and i'm sure a family would not even notice them, so families should not be put off by this.The rooms were very comfortable, with everything you need there, including bathroom essentials and we had a wonderful view of the city, but it wasnt at all noisy thanks to the sound proofing. All in all a fab, beautiful city hotel and an excellent city break.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>auntygail
<Content>Fabulous, friendly hotel Have just returned tonight from a wonderful four day trip to Madrid, Spain, We stayed at the Senator Gran Via Hotel situated on Gran Via. Very central location, wonderful staff, clean, well managed, free minibar (albeit soft drinks/water/beer a wonderful added extra) safe in room, tea/coffee making facilities, television (though we ourselves had problems with obtaining any english speaking channels!) glass elavators looking on a central atrium, all in all one of the best hotels we have stayed in. We cannot comment on the food as breakfast was not included and we wanted to sample the local Spanish eateries, but if everything else was to go by, that was probably good too! The overall price for a three night stay in a four star hotel was quite unbelievable! Look at the website and see!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>korsimangelespages
<Content>Excelent to get rid of a VAIO laptop ! This hotel looks nice but it is located in an area filled with prostitutes and other related bas fond types. As soon as we arrived we tried to connect to the hotel wireless system which for some reason was not working. So we called the reception and tech staff was sent promptly to our room to fix it. He could see we had a new Vaio. The next day when we were away someone entered our room and stole the Vaio plus its charger and a Nokia cell phone charger. The safe was set to lock and unlock with the plastic magnetic band we used to lock unlock the room door, so we decided to put some stuff in the suitcase and lock it. The suitcase was forced. Luckily our credit cards were with us. After noticing we were robbed we told reception and showed them the damaged suitcase. However nothing was done by hotel management so we called the Police and declared robbery then went to the Police station to sign the papers.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	1	1	

<Author>wonderwoman1972
<Content>Nothing Special We were expecting something fabulous based on the previous reviews. The location of the hotel is about all it has going for it! The rooms are very small and basic and didnt live up to the standards we were hoping for. I have stayed in Madrid many times and this is certainly not one of the best hotels.Did we enjoy our stay? = YesWas the hotel clean? = YesWas the hotel in a fabulous location? = YesWould you stay there again? = No - choose a H10 hotel  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LibbyLondon
<Content>Rather dissapointed. Judging by the reviews and 11th best in Madrid I was excited and expecting great things from this hotel. It just doesn't live up to its reputation. Basic furniture, smallish room and bathroom , curtains shabby, nothing terribly wrong but not that lovely feeling when you know you've walked into a really good hotel room.Yes, the breakfast's nice but it's served in a dreary basement area with sullen staff. Why can't a sunny light room be used to start the day?What we did like was the cold Cava available in the reception area, a lovely generous touch, far better than the free mini bar. So, I would say that this hotel is ok, but there are better places to stay in Madrid. I love Madrid, and I'll be back, but not at this hotel or the Gran Via. Back to the nice, interesting hotels tucked away somewhere.Don't be lured by 'location' , Madrid is so easy to navigate, or by the free mini bar, there are too many great bars to explore to have time to use a hotel mini bar.Enjoy Madrid, it is a fantastic city, full of life, good food and wine.- and it truely never sleeps!!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Nightflight
<Content>A straightforward good hotel This hotel is ideally located: the front door is immediately outside the Metro entrance! This makes getting there very easy from Madrid-Barajas airport. 35 minutes and two changes -鈧? for a single trip, as opposed to the usual 鈧? on the rest of the etro. There is also a shuttle bus that runs hourly from 7am for the return trip (8鈧?a head in cash at booking)The staff were efficient and helpful and all the front desk staff spoke English well enough to help sort out bookings etc for us. Breakfast was a good and generous buffet with excellent coffee. We had a standard room on the 4th floor- a little dark but very well appointed, including an electrically controlled bed, a pillow menu(!) and a perfectly decent little sound system. The safe didn't work when we followed the instructions and swiped our room card through the slot, but worked perfectly well when we punched in a 4-digit code. No problem if you're prepared to think for 30 seconds....Several other guests commented on the ladies of negotiable affection on the road running down from the hotel. They don't hassle anybody, and really are no problem at all. Once again, the location is excellent; not only handy for the Metro, but about 15-20 min easy stroll from the Prado. Across Gran Via is Chueca, one of the districts full of bars and restaurants  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DublinDamo
<Content>Great location and Hotel       Hotel exterior  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DiningDemon
<Content>A Disappointing Hotel: Satisfactory at Best The high ranking of the Senator Gran Via by Trip Advisor members, as well as its four star status, had encouraged us to expect much of this hotel. In fact it's no better than satisfactory while having some very good features. Essentially the hotel lacks character and is unlikely to make a great impression on most guests. Amongst the hotels better features is its central location. The Plaza Mayor and most other major attractions are a few minutes walk. Also, the hotel can be reached with relative ease by tube direct from the airport. It is only necessary to change trains twice and the Gran Via station is directly in front of the hotel entance. Given that the cost of a tube trip is a fraction of the cost of a taxi this is certainly the best way to reach the hotel, providing of course that you are not encumbered by too many heavy suitcases. The hotel lobby is decidedly cramped and utilitarian in appearance. As such it makes for an inauspicious first impresson. We were allocated a room on the third floor which proved rather smaller than we had anticipated. It was also very spartan in appearance, having a single picture on one wall and apart from cigarette burned translucent drapes, just one curtain. This peculiar arrangement allowed a considerable amount of light from the street to flood into the room at night, making it difficult to sleep. There was room for a single chair to one side of the bed but little else. My partner complained of a smell of cigarette smoke in the bathroom. Shortly after this we discovered that we had been given a room on a smoking floor. Had we been informed of this at the time of checking in we would certainly have requested a room elsewhere. However, since it was by this point late and we had already unpacked we opted to stay put. Based on this experience I would urge non-smoking guests to stipulate that they require a room on a non-smoking floor, both when booking the accommodation and on checking in. The TV provided one English speaking channel: CNN. The bathroom was relatively large -a little tired looking certainly and equipped with decidedly thin and less than fresh looking towels. Yes, the free mini-bar was a welcome and unusual feature. It scarcely made up for some of the shortcomings described above, however. The buffet breakfast, served in the basement, is adequate. The selection is by no means large. It offers what you would typically expect in a three star continental hotel. A member of staff will cook eggs to order though the egg counter was, in our experience, frequently left unattended.The hotel staff we found to be consistently polite and friendly. They greeted us as we passed them in the lobby and were most courteous and helpful when we booked transport for our return journey to the airport. It is worth noting that the hotel is situated on the corner of Gran Via and Calle de la Montera, a major route for pedestrians into the centre of old Madrid. Unfortunately, this road is transformed into an avenue of prostitutes from the early evening onwards.All things considered we found the Senator Gran Via something of a disappointment. There must surely be better hotels at this price elsewhere in the city.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>jsingh82517
<Content>GREAT LOCATION My wife and I just came back after a 3 night break in Madrid for our one year wedding anniversary! After reading the reviews we decided to book this hotel. When booking the hotel we stated that we were there for our anniversary and so when we arrived they upgraded us for free! We were told that the mini bar was free, so one of the first things we did was check what we got. In the fridge was 1 water, 1 coke and 1 sachet of milk, we both looked at each other and said we can't complain because it's free. We then get a knock on the door asking us if it was ok to fill our mini bar!!! She added three beers, water - both still and sparkling, coke, diet coke, three typesof juices, fanta and lemonade! It was also re-filled EVERYDAY!On the same day in the evening we get another knock on the door, when I opened it the hotel provided us with a bottle of champagne and a bowl of fruit, to celebrate our anniversary!The metro stop is right outside the hotel, as is a McDonalds!!! Taxi fare from the airport is approx 25 - 30 euros, and takes about 20 mins. Overall we had a brill time, and would def go again!!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LindaSeattle
<Content>Excellent Breakfast buffet We were very impressed with the excellent breakfast buffet and the mini bars were filled with juice, soda, water and beer and it was FREE.The rooms were good sized and the beds were comfortable and adjustable. Although the hotel is located on a busy street, the rooms were quiet.Tourist attractions are all within walking distance. There is a Metro location within steps of the hotel. The airport is about a twenty-five minute drive from the hotel.There is internet access which charges 1 Euro for ten minutes, 2 Euro for twenty minutes.The staff were very professional. When two family members unfortunately had their wallet/purse stolen, Rosa, the Concierge went about and beyond to help us. She was kind, caring and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PJ-NC
<Content>good location stayed at the Senator Gran Via for 3 nights at end of March 2008.Hotel location - excellent, within walking distance of all the major sites  right on the Madrid Metro line (Gran Via).Would rate it as 3 star not 4 star. Pleasant interior, bathroom a bit small but no real problem, beds very good  free minibar and safe. Not overly expensive so I would say it's good value for the money. A fabulous restaurant in the next street called Gloria.(or something like that). Very reasonably priced, (we paid 45 euros for a 3 course meal for 2 people including a bottle of good Rioja), which we would have had to pay 70-80 euros for a comparable meal elsewhere. Will I be returning to Madrid? - Definitely.Would I stay at the same hotel? - Yes probably.Tips for travellers-When arriving at the airport, don't bother gatting a taxi as the Metro system links to airport to Madrid City Centre. We bought a three day Metro pass for 8 euros. The link takes 12 minutes from the airport to Madrid centre. The Metro is easy to understand as it is like the London Underground, each line is numbered and colour coded.The Plaza Mayor is in the heart of old madrid, but you will be charged 70% extra if you eat  drink overlooking the square. Go back a couple of streets from the square and you will eat for less than half the price!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>shrink64
<Content>Not so great After reading reviews Booked via their own website for 5 nights.Reception was indifferent. no help to take the luggage to the rooms.Room it self was small with tiny balcony towards the narrow street on the side.One easy chair.Tea and coffee making facility but only two satchets of milk left.Rooom was not cleaned until 4.00PM every day.Apart from the staff at reception and one waiter nobody could understand English.This hotel is definitely not the praise heaped on it, and definitely not worth the money they charge.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>AndreaSP
<Content>I couldn't stay there!!! It looks like I have stayed in a different place than most of other people who wrote their reviews about Senator Gran Via. Let me describe my experience:1) Room 鈥?we got room 609, a spacious one, in the hotel鈥檚 back corner. It has a large balcony facing Calle de la Montera, but balcony blinds and black-out curtains (dirty and full of holes) don鈥檛 close properly, so we had plenty of sunlight in the morning. Except for the bed, everything in the room is old and mould-smelling. The towels are so worn out that are practically transparent.2) Location 鈥?the hotel is located in a very central point of Madrid and there is a metro station just in front of it. However, it was not pleasant to walk down Calle de la Montera with many prostitutes standing, and their costumers going in and out (day and night) clubs located in that street. Main attractions in Madrid are very close to each other, so I would鈥檝e preferred to stay 4 or 5 blocks away from there, in the direction of Plaza de Santa Ana and Paseo del Prado, which are much nicer regions.3) Breakfast 鈥?it was the only good thing about the hotel. 4) Wireless Internet connection 鈥?my husband had work to do during our stay, so I booked the hotel since they promised free wireless internet connection. It wasn鈥檛 working when we arrived, because of a problem with their router, but they said it would be fixed in the following day, so my husband used their computer (paying 1 Euro each 10 minutes). Next day it was still not working, so a lady at the front desk suggested the wireline connection, accessible through the TV, which costs 20 Euros each 24 hours. I told this lady that hotel shouldn鈥檛 charge us for that service, considering that their promised free wireless connection wasn鈥檛 working. She told me only the manager could authorize it and asked me to be back the next day because the manager had already left.5) Check-out 鈥?the next day, after 48 hours of no proper solution to the router problem, my husband and I decided to leave the hotel (we were supposed to stay there for 4 days). Of course we had to book another hotel (an excellent one, by the way 鈥?Hotel Villa Real) using their 1 Euro for 10 minute internet, but I was relieved to leave that place. Anyway, when I announced we were leaving earlier, they didn鈥檛 care nor apologized to us, which I think would be the least they could have done after all the trouble.Summarizing, I really do not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>the_crazy_traveller
<Content>Senator gran Via: reserve room 602 again for us! We spent only two nights at the splendid Senator Gran Via from Feb 01st to 03rd. The Hotel, which is really in the middle of the city, offers all what you want for a relaxing time. Once you enter the property, the staff seems to say: relax yourself, we will take care of you. No one rushs and indeed check in takes few minutes more than we are used to in big hotels... but you are on holiday, you do have time. It was quite hard finding the way to our room. Our spanish is terrible, I didn' want to speak English, my partner is Italian.... so a real mixture, but at the end we found our wonderfull, well appointed and clean smelling room with a lovely balcony over the Gran Via. We were booked on accommodation only but, probably as it was our anniversary, we had complimentary breakfast for the two days (one of with room service!). This was a great touch and I must say the offer for breakfast is something not to be missed with plenty of choice of sweets and sours and fresh fruits and what else you can eat. We had such a lovely one only once in our life when we stayed at Four Points Sheraton in Kuwait (but that costed a fortune!!).A great plus is the free bar and safe in the room, but most of all the iron board that I really had to use for my shirts.Beds are extremelly confortable and so big to allocate at least 4 people. A system to moove the bed will help to find the best position for you. They also offer a pillow menu, that we did't use as the pillow was as long as the bed is and this was perfect.Front desk staff is charming and were very helpfull when I had to receive a 18 pages fax with our flight tickets. Same for the restaurant staff and the cleaning lady who used to greet us anytime during the day. We really cannot express how we already miss this lovely hotel and already planning an other week end, not so far away. Please save room 602 for us. Mr  Mrs Moccia  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lawreas
<Content>Ticks all the boxes and deserves a top 10 rating Good location, rooms well appointed and hardly troubled by noise despite being on the busy GranVia. Could not fault the hotel staff and the food was pretty decent for a 4 star  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Maridol
<Content>Xmas07 at Senator Gran Via Hotel       Sunrise From Our Balcony  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lilems
<Content>New Year 08 Went to Madrid for New Year's for 5 days and had a brilliant stay. Very centralised to the main centre/square. The reception doesn't look much but once your inside, the interior design is very pretty and cosy. People are nice. Rooms are nice. The only minor downside is that their are not enough hangers, only provide 4 (if your lucky) between 2 people. Also, in the bathrooms, if sharing a room, only provide 1 tooth brush which is a bit odd! Other than that, great plus free bar, everyone loves that!Good hotel to recommend and if not been to Madrid before, ideal place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cathybrooks
<Content>Great location Hotel We stayed at Hotel senator gran via in Madrid for Christmas and loved the room. We had a free mini bar that was filled up every day. There were blackout curtains in the room and no noise from the street outside which was very busy. The beds were very comfortable and the Hotel spotless. The staff were friendly and helpful with any of our questions. The Hotel location was central to everywhere with a metro right outside the door although everywhere was within walking distance.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sadblue
<Content>Great Hotel Having read the excellent reviews of the Senator Gran Via on Trip Advisor my wife and I stayed at the hotel for three nights at the end of November 2007 whilst staying in Madrid for the Bruce Springsteen concert. All I can say is that the reviews do not do the hotel justice. As advised in Trip Advisor reviews we asked for a room on the upper floors and paid the extra tariff for a superior room, which is something I would highly recommend. The room we were allocated was on the 6th floor and, as it was a corner room, had a balcony that must have been 50-60 feet long giving great views across the rooftops and down to the streets below. One point to note is that the sound insulation is excellent, we heard no noise from within the hotel and with the windows closed even at the busiest of times no traffic noise could be heard.The hotel itself was spotlessly clean and the staff helpful and friendly. Arrival and checkout were both dealt with ease, our luggage was taken to the room upon arrival and stored following checkout until we left the city, when a cab was hailed within seconds of our requesting one. A glass of Cava (or juice and water) was always waiting next to reception and the mini bar (yes it really is free!!!) was well stocked with beer, soda's  water and was restocked every day. Breakfast was served in the pleasant basement restaurant and I can honestly say that I haven't seen a greater or better selection of food anywhere in the world. There was something to suit all tastes: fruit, cereal, cheeses, cold meats and my favourite, the egg counter which served freshly made eggs or omelettes of your choice. The hotel was centrally located within easy walking distance of all the major sights, shops and museums. One location we found ourselves returning to each day was Plaza Santa Ana. It is a small and lively square lined with bars and cafes, nearly all of which served a fine selection of tapas. We quickly picked up on the fact that the locals spend their evenings on a 'tapas crawl', having one glass of wine and a plate of tapas in each bar. This is obviously not something that tourists indulge in as we got surprised looks every time we ordered just one dish. Another tip, don't be put off by the look of some of the bars, we found that the 'rougher' they looked the better both the tapas and staff were. Finally, don't be put off by reviews mentioning the local 'ladies'. Yes they ply their trade on an adjacent street but they don't come near the hotel and unless you are a single man walking alone they are unlikely to pay you any attention at all.If you are looking for a great hotel in the great city of Madrid, look no further than the Gran Via, I would have no hesitation in staying there again or recommending it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>busowner
<Content>Fabulous !       Bedroom Area of Our Room #802  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Modern_Phrenologist
<Content>Very good hotel in convenient location The hotel has interesting architecture both inside and out. It is an older building that has been refurbished. The interior features an 8 floor atrium that allows light into the building interior. Rooms are not small by European standards but are not as large as American hotel rooms. One interesting feature of the beds is that sleepers have the ability to raise the heads electronically. Bathroms contain all necessary facilities (including bidet) and the usual supply of shampoo, etc. No wash cloths are provided.Breakfast was a superior buffet with a person to cook eggs, etc as requested. The bar served lunch and tapas and remained open until about 10 PM. The one lunch we had was of high quality and the service was very attentive. We did not eat in the restaurant.The staff were very helpful with suggestions about restaurants and in booking tables. People at the desk were (at least)bilingual Spanish-English.The hotel is centrally located with the Gran Via metro station outside the door. While the street is very busy, very little street noise penetrated the window. It might be a problem in summer if one opens the window rather than relying on the air conditioning. One problem for some potential guests is the presence of large numbers of street walkers on the street between the hotel and the Puerta del Sol, a major tourist attraction. They did not accost my wife and me (at any hour of the day) but they were rather aggressive with single men walking on the street. They were there from 9 AM to at least midnight, and I suspect a lot later than that.All in all we would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay there again when visiting Madrid.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SRBAEZ
<Content>not bad but nothing special I got an Double superior room for me my wife and my 12 years old kid,good front desk , the room was clean,free minibar (limited to water, beer, soda and juice refiled daily) , the breakfast inclued in the priece is good, but with an terrible service , just one good waiterlocation is central  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juney33
<Content>Loved the Hotel I stayed at this hotel with 6 ladies last november 2007. I would give this hotel the following grades:Location: 5/5 - We got the metro from the airport to the grand via stop and when we got off we looked up and saw the hotel standing straight in front of us. Could not have been easier.Room: 4/5 - We were on the 4th Floor facing the main street, fab views of the beautiful buildings and no probs at all at night with street noise. Room clean and spacious and good bathroom sizeBreakfast: 4/5 - Good choice buffet breakfast - nice little corner in restaurant where they cooked the eggs fresh for you - nice touchStaff: Housekeeping  Reception 5/5 - Both teams smiley, friendly and helpful  Waiting staff (especially the females in the bar) extremely rude, unfriendly and unhelpful - we felt that we were annoying them when we asked for a drink! - Really they let the hotel down and tainted our overall experience of the hotel.One other point to note, we all found the food in the grand via (main street - not hotel itself) restaurants very poor (to the point the we even considered a trip to Mcdonalds, which is located across the street from the hotel) we tried Saharas, Italians, a diner and a chinese restaurant - All were as unpleasant as each other!!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>CHALKIE-7
<Content>Great Hotel And Location spent 3 nights at the senator gran via hotel 16th nov - 19th nov 2007 and found it to be excellent. in a great position on the gran via which is one of the main streets in the city centre and therefore very handy for all the city sightseeing locations, restaurants and bars. the hotel was nicely decorated, very clean with well appointed rooms with all sorts of bathroom extras and best of all a free mini-bar with beer etc which was refilled every day. we had 2 rooms 706 which had two balconies and looked right up the gran via and 705 which also had a view of the gran via from its one balcony - both rooms i would highly recommend. after making your booking e-mail the hotel direct as i did and request high corner rooms overlooking the gran via. breakfast is first class with eggs, bacon sausages cooked to order along with loads of cold meats, cerals,yogarts, breads, juices etc. spent two days on the hop on hop off open top tourist bus which you can catch across the road from the hotel, its a great way to see the city. the royal palace is a must with the throne room unbelievable, i would suggest you rent a walking commentary phone rather than a guide, and if you are a football fan the real madrid stadium is not to be missed - what a stadium - 15 euros entrance fee is well worth it.on sunday there is a massive market in the city centre which is spread over a large area and is great for either buying or browsing.also if you can explore at least of the main parks, especially on a sunday when there is all sorts going on. airport transfers by taxi for four of us were 30 euros coming but 37 euros going back for some reason, i reckon we were conned. you could always try the metro from the airport as there is a station right next to the hotel.go to madrid, go to the senator gran via you will enjoy yourself, however take plenty of warm clothes in winter as it is very cold in Madrid even with the sun shinning as it does every day.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>janiel
<Content>What a find What a great Hotel. Steps away from Grand Via Metro @ only 鈧? each way to and from the Airport. Didn't find it a bit noisy. Nice easy walk to Puerto do Sol. Clean, spacious with friendly staff and a good breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carolinne
<Content>Surprised that so many people praise it. I booked the hotel based on price (at precisionreservations.com), location and Trip Advisor reviews. I was quite disappointed. Great location 鈥?but there are so many other possibly nicer hotels just as centrally located for exploring Madrid.Reception is extremely unhelpful. There is no assigned place for a car to stop in order to leave the luggage (unless you want to block the whole traffic of the curve of the little street around the hotel 鈥?which is what the hotel considers to be its 鈥渄rop off鈥?place). Since my husband (who was driving) only stopped quickly to leave me (heavily pregnant) in order to get the car out of the way so he would not block the traffic, I was left alone as no doorman or bell boy showed up to help with luggage (not a lot to expect from a hotel that claims to be a four star).Parking is near the hotel, but difficult to get there, specially when we鈥檙e talking about traffic-jammed Gran Via. First we were given a tiny room with a king sized bed. The bed occupied more than half of the room and one could hardly move around. I asked to see another room. They only had rooms with 2 single beds available, so we were moved to one of those. The second room was nicer, larger and had better views.Breakfast had a very limited food selection. Bar, reception, lobby and restaurant d茅cor was a bit worn out and decadent.On the morning I was leaving, receptionist started calling my room at a quarter to noon to make sure I was leaving the room! Called again at 12 sharp to ask if I was already going downstairs (OK, maybe the hotel was full, still that's no excuse to be so inconvenient with a guest).In short, I would not stay there again. I would probably try the Hotel de Las Letras or the Tryp (both less than a block away on the Gran Via).  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>amanda100Spain
<Content>A Real Gem! Read many of the reviews for the hotel, therefore no surprises! We were on the first floor down the side street so no view but a lovely room none the less and as we left and returned in the dark didn't really make a difference. The room was great, breakfast very good, staff friendly all in all a wonderful place to stay. Couple of comments! Free mini bar is free but has two bottles beer, water and coke and one baby carton of milk! The road we looked out over was obviously where the ladies of the night took their gentlemen friends for 20 minutes or so. Didn't bother us at all but if you don't like to see and if you look out of your window it is hard not to, don't have a room on the side street. It would have been nice to have a better view but no complaints what so ever about the hotel itself, we have been to many big cities and the rooms here are huge compared to most city hotels so have a Gran Via view and you will have a really fantastic break here. Also found no better deal than their own web site and I looked every where!!!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheTallGuy76
<Content>Fantastic hotel in great location Booked here after reading other reviews on Trip Advisor and weren't disappointed. Service was excellent and friendly at all times. As it was our 10 year anniversary, our request for a nice room was honoured not only with a fantastic room with 2 balconies overlooking the main street, but also a bottle of cava and a bowl of fruit. Nice touch. Breakfast was excellent. Metro station opposite was very useful although most tourist areas seemed to be within a 15-20 min walk. Good restaurants nearby - try Gloria or Root - both just round the corner.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>happy_voyager
<Content>Good value and centrally located       bed  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HooTraveler
<Content>Great Location Seedy Appearance Hotel has a great location right next to to the Gran Via Metro stop and within walking distance to most sights. Also price was right. However, appearance is rather seedy as you walk into the lobby and service was not the best. Safe in the room did not work and after they said they would be right up to check it out, they never showed up. Conversely, request for a sewing kit resulted in an instantaneous delivery of one to our room. Ice machine was convenient and there was coffee, though instant, in the rooms. These are amenities we didn't find in any other hotels in Spain. On the whole, probably wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kivapierce
<Content>Wonderful City Centre hotel- Great Staff too Excellent hotel, 2 minutes walk from Puerta del Sol, Opposite a Mc Donalds - Handy when traveling with kids, Comfortable beds, lots of towels, FREE Mini Bar replaced every day. Most helpful front desk staff, Metro right outside the door. Clean, spotless and excellent breakfast, Cereals, Cheeses, meats, yogurts, Pastries, Bacon and Eggs. Nothing too much trouble for this hotel. Delighted to recommend to anyone. We travelled with 2 children and got a family room ( mini suite ). CNN , SKY and BBC News, Free WIFI in rooms. English movies, Tea / Coffee in room. Very nice chamber maids. Left a tip on second last day for them and got a little thank you note. Excellent value for money and if I travelled back to Madrid again I would happy to stay here.Everything from the first phone call to make a reservations to the free sweets the cashier gave they children leaving made this hotel a pleasure to do business with.HOWEVERLots of foreign Hookers outside the door and down the street to the left 24 hours a day. They don't bother you and you don't feel nervous even during the night time . But their presence might upset some visitors.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Clairefu
<Content>Lived up to expectations We just came back from 5 nights stay at the Senator Gran Via, Madrid, having chosen it after checking out the Trip Advisor reviews. It lived up to expectations. We had a top floor corner room, which had windows on 2 sides and a large balcony, with great views of the city. The room was very well equipped and very comfortable, with a free minibar. The standard of cleaning was very good. Breakfast in the basement restaurant was good, with a large selection. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We'd recommend it to others and will stay there again next time we visit Madrid.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mojito82
<Content>A Good Property in a Great Location My wife, ten year old son and I just returned from a five night stay in Madrid. The Senator Gran Via was a perfectly located base for our touring on foot and was within walking distance of most sites.Notwithstanding our request for a quiet room on a higher floor, we were allocated a room on the second floor overlooking the very busy street in front of the hotel. Having arrived late and looking forward to settling in, I never questioned this oversight. In hindsight, it made little difference. The double glazed windows with an additional wooden shutter blocked virtually all street noise and we slept well in comfortable twin beds with comforters. Our son had a pull out bed in an adjacent space with sliding doors dividing the room. The free mini bar was a welcome perk and the breakfast was very good.Although the staff were pleasant enough, we were a little surprised at their lack of definitive advice about the surrounding restaurants and touring options. They were frank in saying that they had no opinions about certain topics but in the absence of a dedicated concierge service it seems that some education on matters of interest to guests would be helpful.There is a neat restaurant called Pink Sushiman around the corner (to the left) about 100 metres. Although the staff knew nothing about it, the sushi and stir fry was good and food circulates on conveyer belts by the booths in a scene right out of the Jetsons. Our ten year old loved it!The property met our expectations and the reviews we read in anticipation of our visit prepared us properly for what we found - A good European hotel in a great location. Much has been written about the proximity to a red light area. Again, I think others have accurately described how easy this is to avoid if it offends although it was pretty benign stuff . Madrid has a heavy police presence in all tourist areas.A Real Madrid football game was a highlight which we would recommend. We took an easy day trip from Atocha Station to Toledo (30 minutes by AVE train) and would recommend this to others if you have an extra day and like to walk hills (Toledo sits on a large hill). The Cathedral is stunning.We enjoyed our stay and would recommend this property.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lindabelgium
<Content>Perfect for city centre Madrid This hotel was the perfect place for a city break in Madrid. Our group (2 mothers and 4 teenagers) had three twin bedded rooms (with such comfy beds) on the 6th floor and were perfect for us. The hotel is brilliantly located for a city break - metro is 10 steps from the hotel entrance! There are shops and restaurants very close by and the Madrid Vision tourist bus stop is a two minute walk away. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough if you want a place to stay in Madrid for a city break. The hotel staff were friendly and efficient and the breakfast buffet (included in our room rate) was fresh and delicious. The hotel is an interesting design too - the rooms are around a narrow atrium and the glass sided lifts run up and down the atrium. All in all, we had an excellent stay and would definitely stay here again if we return to Madrid.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Luv2Travel829
<Content>Very Convenient Location I booked this hotel based on location and reviews that I read. I was not disappointed. They gave us one of the larger rooms because they said we were staying a full week. Breakfast was great; plenty was offered including omelettes and eggs any way you liked them. Room was clean. We had a great view onto the Gran Via. The french doors seems to have insulated glass and it was pretty quiet. Our balcony had a few cracks in it and slanted a little, so we didn't go out on it very much. The red district was right there, but it was very safe and ot menacing at all. People with little kids walked down there as well. Metro stop right there. Very convenient to everything. Would highly recommend it. October is a great time to go to Madrid.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MPGSuttonColdfield
<Content>Good Location, Helpful Staff Read several reviews about this hotel prior to booking - all helpful. It proved to be a good location with everything within walking distance. Rooms clean and tidy. Good selection of usual freebie stuff - shower gel etc. A real plus is the mini-bar which is free and stocked up every day. Tea and coffee making in room as well (not available in every hotel I have stayed in). There is also a selection of fruit and other drinks including champagne in reception. Breakfast - usual fayre and choice of hot food cooked to order if you require it.Well worth a visit is the park - a lovely quiet area to walk and enjoy in a city that has a lot of traffic.Some reviews mention 'the girls' out and about in the vicinity - never a problem as far as I was concerned. Would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BTBV
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great Location       Senator Gran Via Facade  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brianandmargohunter
<Content>Great Hotel on Gran Via Just returned from this hotel at the end of October 2007. The hotel is right beside the GranVia Metro Station (travelled from Airport via metro with two changes). Arrived at the hotel on a Sunday evening (11pm). Desk staff very friendly and efficient. First impressions of room were good.... a hall way containing double wardrobe with plenty storage space, iron, ironing board, press and electronic safe. Off the hall were the bathroom (shower and deep bath) and the bedroom. The room had laminate flooring, very bright, not overly large but didn't feel claustrophobic.... twin beds which had the ability to be raise head and back section. The room (703) looked over onto the Gran Via (a six lane main cross avenue lined with shops/ theatres and restaurants) although a vey noisy 24 hour street .... the double glazing and sound proofing was excellent and blocked out traffic noise and indeed I would say the room was very quiet. There was a small balcony looking onto the Gran Via.The breakfast serves until 10:30 probably some would say basic but nevertheless more than satisfactorily. The staff again were friendly. Selection of cold meats, cheese, cereals, juice and plenty of coffee/tea.The hotel is well appointed and although other reviews mention the ladies of the night I would say they were few and didn't pester (unlike in other European capitals) albeit I was there with my wife but no problem from them. The hotel is right in the middle of Madrid and easy to walk to the parks, museums, shops and galleries. Plenty of pubs and food places (we did not dine in the hotel although the menu looked fine). On the subject of drink... the free mini bar was a nice touch and sums up this welcoming hotel.... I would certainly recommend this!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>markdunlaoire
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location Have just returned from a three night stay which was very enjoyable. Its very hard to find anything wrong with this hotel it was clean and in a great location and the breakfast on offer was excellent. Our room was on the seventh floor at the front of the hotel and the noise wasn't that even with the French windows open all night. The only complaint I have was that at breakfast and for two mornings in a row I was sat next to the service trolley for dirty dishes and leftovers which parked next to me although briefly. The scraping of dishes and the ingrained food on the handle of the trolley was a bit off putting to say the least but to be fair there really wasn't anywhere else for it to go and I could have complained but I don't speak any Spanish and the staff didn't appear to speak much English.Having said that as I previously said great hotel, great location and I would stay there again. Our taxi was 鈧?5 each way from the airport, for four of us so great value.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Che1805
<Content>Hotel helped towards an enjoyable first trip to Madrid My wife  I stayed for three nights. Got taxi from airport to Hotel, 40 euro but there is a shuttle bus service from hotel to airport 16 euro pp. Asked for a nice room  got one facing on to Gran Via. No noise - Soundproof windows. Red Light street to side of hotel but no distraction. Staff very friendly  helpful. Metro station right outside front door. Ample selection for breakfast. The hotel is well located for sightseeing, Plaza de Espana, Plaza Mayor, Plaza Sol all app 20 mins walk from hotel. Bernabua Stadium app 20 mins away by metro..12 euro for tour.. Well worth it if you are a football fan. Overall hotel was guest friendly, well located  very good value for money.Married Couple - Dublin, Ireland  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bullet2
<Content>Did not live up to expectations Chose this hotel based on the glowing reviews from Tripadvisor. Stayed 2 nights, and the first night my husband and I were given room 719. It was a dark, dinky room with the window facing the atrium, and reeked of tobacco though it was a non-smoking room. Half the curtain was missing. The safety deposit box did not work. The A/C did not work. We were told no other room was available. The staff was quick to send somebody up to spray air freshner and fix the safety deposit box, but the odor was unbearable. It was a miserable night. The next morning, we asked for another room again, and were given a different room that was slightly bigger and had a small balcony overlooking a side street. The front desk staff was very helpful, but the quality of the rooms did not warrant the rate nor the glowing reviews. It was the most disappointing of the 3 hotels we stayed in Spain based on Tripadvisor reviews.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYCandworld
<Content>Very nice hotel I had a great experience at this hotel. I spent three nights, and was given a room with a terrace overlooking the Gran Via. The room was compact, but had everything I needed. The television had several english channels, and offered some movies that could be purchased in English or other languages. The front desk staff was helpful with any questions I had. My only disappointment was the bed was rather hard, but it was an adjustable bed and the headrest moved which was nice. All in all, a nice hotel and I would recommend.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Tom&Lori
<Content>Great experience at the Senator Gran Via We stayed at the Senator Gran Via for three nights in late September. It is in a very convenient location, the rooms are functional and the staff is extremely helpful and accommodating. I read some commentary from other travelers who found the Gran Via somewhat unsavory, but we had no problems whatsoever. The hotel is also a very good value for Madrid. Sure, you can pay twice as much and stay in an upscale touristy area that does not have the Gran Via elements, but in our opinion, your money would be better spent staying an extra night and/or seeing another city in Spain.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MikeyBala
<Content>Spanish Heat!!! Amazing!...great location, great rooms, great bathrooms, great cleaning service, full bar, drinks in the lobby every day for your enjoymnet and great people...hot clubs and bars...and of course HOT PEOPLE!...anywhere in Madrid, you cannot go wrong...!..Sit back and enjoy the lifestyle of Spain!..;)thank you  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pharmagill
<Content>Excellent Hotel - great location Excellent location, right next to Gran Via Metro station and within walking distance of many of the tourist attractionsWe had a nice room with a balcony, which enabled us to see all the way down the Gran Via. The free mini-bar was a bonus and the free glass of cava in reception was also a nice touch.Breakfast had many options and the staff were pleasant and courteous throughout. We booked the Senator on the back of positive reviews here and they were not wrong. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Pre_kids_traveller
<Content>Unlimited Free minibar!       hotel  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>Bonaca_Croatia
<Content>Great deal and location This hotel was the first experience I had in using tripadvisor for selecting a hotel and really hit the jackpot with this hotel.The location is great, the price for a double and triple room cannot be beaten in terms of the quality of the room and the breakfast that you get. To even top this, they give you a free minibar that is replenished daily.For sightseeing or shopping location is great, and metro infront of the hotel. There is traffic on the main road infront of the hotel but if you keep your window closed you won't hear the noise outside.I was concerned with some of the negative reviews, and comments about prositiutes etc, however we did not find any of this to be problematic in staying at this hotel.I would strongly suggest this hotel, particularly at EUR 100 per night for a double room, and if I return to Madrid will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>chewpei
<Content>Happy with our choice       hotel exterior  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ArtistJames
<Content>Fun taste of old Madrid Despite being known as the hotel with the prostitutes across the street, the Senator Gran Via is actually a good place for families. You enter the double doors, go past the front desk, around the corner, and you鈥檙e in a whole new world. Welcome to old Madrid; relax and enjoy it for what it is. You can still see the flash of what this hotel must have been years ago in its prime. Now it鈥檚 a slightly worn, smaller version of a Hyatt Regency with glass elevators, interior courtyards and grand marble stairs. The kids are safe inside and there鈥檚 space to run around a bit with nothing to break. ROOM: They are on the small side, just barely big enough to hold our two twin beds. But we liked those beds; they were cozy and moved up and down with a button like at the hospital.BATHROOM: Our shower didn鈥檛 work well and the maid accidentally broke my daughter鈥檚 eye shadow compact, but they left us a nice note and a fruit basket to apologize--a sweet gesture. MINI-BAR: Like everyone else, we loved the free beverages, re-stocked daily. In fact, we left a note (in Spanish) requesting more of the bottle water and Coca-Cola Light and less of the beer, and we got it, for free. I left some coins for the maid in fridge when we left. BREAKFAST: A busy place with lots of families and frantic staff trying to keep up with it all. Good variety of meats, breads, juices, fruits, cereals, yogurt, egg dishes, coffee, etc. Plus notes warning you not to take any food out with you.FRONT DESK: Friendlier than most Madrid hotel staff, good English, helpful and prompt. INTERNET: To get Internet coverage, you pay 18.22 euro per 24-hour period鈥攑retty expensive. HOOKERS: Think of them as the ultimate reality television. If you don鈥檛 have a good view of the action from your balcony, go across the street to McDonald鈥檚 and watch them from the second floor dining area through the tinted windows. Just be careful not to let your own daughters outside alone; they won鈥檛 be mistaken for the working girls but there some shadier older guys hanging around who like to cat-call. OVERALL: We paid about 100 euro per night with breakfast included鈥攁 good value. If I were traveling with a family, I鈥檇 stay here again; it was a clean and friendly place. Otherwise, I鈥檇 stay at the new, chic Hotel de las Letras down the street again instead.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>WorldTravelerMD
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Gran Via *We stayed at the Gran Via for 5 days in July, 2007. We had 2 rooms. One room was wheelchair accessible. One room was a standard room. Both rooms were perfect. The accessible room was spacious, the bathroom had a roll-in shower and a large outdoor terrace overlooking the Gran Via. (It was perfect for a person requiring a wheelchair accessible room.) The standard room was small in size but perfect for my husband and I. There was also a very small balcony overlooking a side street. *In both rooms the complimentary mini bar was always well stocked with beer, sodas and water. There was also complimentary fresh fruit delivered to both rooms at check-in. *In the afternoon a beverage station was available by the front desk. We enjoyed the complimentary champagne, stilled water, orange juice and water with gas.*The hotel restuarant had a fair buffet for breakfast. It was basically a continental breakfast with a short order cook available to prepare eggs any way you want.*The location is prime. It's simple to hail a cab. It's simple to walk to all the surrounding stores and restuarants and a short walk to the squares. *There are working ladies in the area but they don't bother the tourists. *The hotel is clean and the staff are very helpful. *Stay at the Senator Gran Via...you will really enjoy it! From -- World Travelers, Maryland -- USA  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JeanJeany
<Content>Great Madrid Hotel My husband and I and my 8 year old son stayed in the Senator Gran Via on the 4th of July for 5 nights. We could not have asked for a better room then the one we got. We had read previous trip advisor comments and knew to ask for a spacious room withbalcony and we got this and more. The room which I would clasify as a junior suite had 2 rooms one with bed and one with couch which was made up as a bed for my son. Clean lovely modern bathroom with all the little touch bits and bobs ie comb,disposable shaver with tiny tube of shaving cream, a shoe hornand all of the usual other extras such as soap, shampoo, bath gel,body lotion and sewing kit. We had a top floor room with large terrace which had great views over parts of Madrid. 2 sun loungers and a table and 2 chairs which we used in the late afternoons when we would have tea (supplied by the hotel in the room via their little kettle supplied with tea bags, coffee,sugar, milk etc). This was after having our glass of Cava in the receptionon our return of a hard days sight seeing. The soft drinks were free and restocked everyday. At night our beds were turned down and a little chocolate was placed near each pillow. Wardrobe had 2 soft toweling robes and slippers which was lovlely to put ones feet into on return. The staff at reception were very pleasant especially Olga for us. The breakfasts were tasty enough and there was plenty to chose from. The only complaint in regards to breakfast was for me the waiting staff who were quite grumpy every morning and were not in the business of smiling or greeting anybody. The tasty croissants and the smile by the cook who made my omelette every morning more then compensated for this. I cant give this Hotel enough credit as it was all the extra little touches they supplied in this Hotel that made it so memorable.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>VonTwinzig
<Content>Fantastic! Booked a four day break for myself and my wife at the last minute and hit the bulls eye with the Senator Gran Via.What can I say...we requested a quiet high level room more in hope than expectation. When we checked in we found they had allocated us a room on the top floor at the rear of the hotel facing a quiet side road.... absolutely perfect.It got better. The room was lovely; clean and well decorated, views across the city, a private patio with table, chairs and loungers, complimentary mini bar, an electric bed (raising and lowering at the head end), functioning controllable air con, a silent paddle fan etc etc. the list went on. The hotel d茅cor was clean and stylish. Staff helpful and smiling all the time. The restaurant was fine for our needs with plenty of well prepared and presented food (breakfast and dinner).We chose to take the hotel groups shuttle bus back to the airport (8 Euro's each) as it was more convenient and half the price of the taxi. Another nice touch was that the hotel allowed us to check out a little later without charge, so we didn't have to mess around with our bags or waste time sitting around. Don't be put off by the reviews mentioning the local ladies working the adjoining street. It was in no way sordid and the girls kept their business discreet. In a funny way it added to the scene. Interestingly enough the local police station is only a couple of hundred metres down from the hotel on the same street!If you're looking for a great hotel in a central location then this is the place for you. Ten minutes from the shops and a good selection of restaurants just round the corner. We're already planning out next stay at the Senator.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>timlvest
<Content>Loved the Senator Reserved a room through Booking.com. King bed with a view of Gan Via. The room was great! Very nice bathroom, comfy bed and a balcony. Our room was faced Gran Via but we never had any issue with noise. The free mini bar is a great touch. Water, Fanta and beer restocked daily. As a plus, the breakfast was included and not too bad. You get made to order omlets and eggs, fruit, cereal, cheese, pastries and juices. All day long, the lobby has water and juice out for its customers. The wife and I have been in Europe for 2 weeks now(London, Paris, Madrid) and I can honestly say, you can't beat this hotel for the price. The rooms are VERY clean and well appointed. The A/C is great and the location is perfect. For the most part, we walked everywhere we wanted to go. Some might have issue with the prostitutes on the street around the hotel. That's just the particular area. There were no issues at all. The wife and I were walking around with no problems at all hours. Don't hesitate to book this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>W.R.F.
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Gran Via We had two wonderful nights. We lucked out with our Venere booked room this time, and got a top floor room with a large balcony and windows that opened on to the plaza. We had a birdseye view of the Euro Pride parade events. It was thrilling to see the power of so many people all together. (1.5 million)The free mini bar is wonderful, as was the bathroom and amenities. A very central location right around the corner from Puerto del Sol. The hookers on the street looked like actresses right out of Sweet Charity. Very colorful. The staff was very nice. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AJFlorida
<Content>Great Hotel, great location Senator Gran Via is located right on Gran Via street. It is 2 min walk from Puerto Sol and close to Madrid downtown Plaza's and attractions. There is a metro station outside the hotel, an ATM on its outside wall and a fancy McDonald 50 feet away. Lots of Turkish, noodle shops, Armenian and Spainish restaurants within 5 min. walkThe rooms were spacious, tasteful and comfortable. This was the only hotel in 3 weeks in Spain, there was an iron and an ironing board handy in the room without having to ask for it. The service was effiecient and friendly. The dining areas looked fine and we would have had breakfast if we had woken up on time but we never did.The one drawback was the presence of a seedy area on aside street starting close to the hotel  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Olbrit
<Content>Really good experience       Hotel front view  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>R.Dann
<Content>great hotel We stayed at here for 2 nights in June. Great hotel. Great location.The staff were helpful, the hotel was very clean, the complimentary mini bar in the room was a nice touch, as was the champagne and soft drinks available by reception.We had a rear room, very quiet.Although the road had a lot of hookers plying their trade, they were not threatening. In fact it was funny sitting in the bar watching them!!We could walk to all of the places we wanted to see.We would certainly return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>taratraveller
<Content>Great location, lots of extras! My husband and I visited the Senator Gran Via for 3 nights in May 2007. This hotel exceeded our expectations because of its value, location, and service. This hotel is very centrally located, but better yet is the metro stop right outside the hotel entrance. We used the metro stop frequently and it was a real time-saver. The hotel staff are very professional and spoke english well. The hotel was clean, and made us feel comfortable with the little extras they provided at no cost. The mini bar was restocked daily with free water, beer, juice, and cola. Also, it was my birthday and the hotel manager sent up champagne and fruit for free! Overall, it was an excellent stay.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AKWSH
<Content>Fantastic Hotel this hotel is in a great location in the centre as what can only be described as Oxford Street. I stayed here with my partner and was not threatned at all by the ladies of the night across the street, They did not bother us at all. The location of the bars is a couple of minutes walk. The hotel was very clean and very quiet. We stayed on the night of the Real Madrid Celebrations and the hotel managed to block out a lot of the street and party noise. Great hotel, i would definatly stay again. If youve got any questions just ask.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>christinehen
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here for just two nights and would book it again no problem. Great location though a bit disconcerting coming out of such a lovely hotel to see a MacDonalds opposite and all the ladies of the night hanging about; if I had been on my own it might have been a bit frightening. Anyway, good room, very quiet as requested, spotlessly clean, very comfy bed. I particularly liked breakfast, where they would make you an omelette, scrambled egg or whatever on demand. Very friendly staff at reception and at breakfast. Lovely central atrium and fountain and efficient lifts. Would definately stay there again if I ever get back to Madrid (which I hope I do)  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Christina_Uk
<Content>simply a great place to stay We stayed here for 4 nights and we were really surprised and how great this hotel really was ! we booked it after reading some good reviews but it still exceeded our expecations. The free mini bar in each room is a real bonus and the staff are all friendly, there is even a bottle of champagne on ice in the reception all day if you feel like a glass! the only (slight) downside is the redlight district down one of the side roads, so if travelling with children this could be a slight problem, but it can be avoided by walking a number of different ways so should not stop you staying here! Also I would recommend to not have dinner in the hotel, not because there is anything wrong with it, but there are so many great places to eat I wouldnt want people to miss out on some real spanish cuisine - the meals in the hotel are basic hotel dinners !  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Bridg
<Content>Well Done Trip Advisor Ditto the previous reviews on Senator Gran Via, small rooms but very nice, free mini bar, complimentary drinks available in reception, good continental breakfast  evening meal. Aircon did not work on arrival but got fixed the next day with a bottle of Cava by way of an apology. We requested a nice room (as we visiting for a birthday treat)  a high floor to avoid traffic noise. We were given the top floor (8th) with a private sun terrace which was fabulous to view the city  look down on the street below. Staff were helpful and efficient. We would not hesitate to use this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Travelsinger
<Content>Incredible Hotel! This is one fabulous hotel!! I have travelled extensively around the world, and never have I come across a hotel that attends to every detail a traveller would want. From the friendly and helpful desk staff to the cold water, orange juice and champagne available each day, to the coffee/tea heating unit and free coffee and tea packages, to the room refrigerator stocked with Coke, beer, water and juice (free for your consumption) to the breakfast where you can get eggs cooked the way you want, sausage and bacon. And, oh...did I mention the CD player and balcony in the room, and the fact that the Gran Via Metro station is literally at the door of the hotel? All this for an extremely fair price. If you have any doubts about where to stay in Madrid, doubt no more.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fromdenile
<Content>Great place to stay Just returned from an 8 night stay at the Senator Gran Via in Madrid. We were originally assigned a room on the first floor, but were concerned about possible traffic noise, so requested another room. We were immediately given another room on the 7th floor and had no problems with traffic noise other than the occasional siren. We had a corner room, which appeared to have a little more space than some rooms. The decor is pleasant and the entire hotel was clean and nice. The breakfast buffet was excellent and there was an egg station for omelets or other eggs cooked to order. Champagne was also available free of charge at breakfast and in the lobby every afternoon.The hotel staff were all excellent. They were always cheerful and helpful no matter what the need.The location was also excellent. The Gran Via metro stop is right outside the door, but the hotel is still close enough to major museums, that it was possible to walk if you wanted.. We did see a few ladies of the night on the walkway down from the hotel off the main road, but it wasn't a big issue.Overall, it was an excellent place to stay and I would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DublinDubliner
<Content>Loved the Senator Gran Via Stayed at the Senator Gran Via for 3 days from 18-21 May 2007. Enjoyed our stay in this Hotel. Everything was perfect. Room was brilliant. We were upgraded to a suite as I asked for a nice room due to the fact we were celebrating a wedding anniversary. We were not charged for this upgrade and a lovely bottle of Champane also awaited us! As others have said the free mini bar was a nice touch. The bathroom was good, shower had a good pressure of water. The only negative thing I would say is that the Hotel is probably due a bit of a facelift (corridor's looked as if they needed painting) and towels although clean were not that fluffy and had been used a lot. This is only a minor gripe though. The breakfast was also very good. It's a very cedntral hotel, near all amenities.All in all an excellent hotel and would definately reccomend it. We found the best deal on 123hotels.com - cheaper than the Hotel website.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alexandr
<Content>Conveniently-located hotel       Hall  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>JimmyJ
<Content>Good location, decent hotel. I was put off upon arrival by the girl at the check in counter. I hadreserved, and paid for, a room with a terrace a month in advance. When I arrived, I was greeted with a I could care less attitude andtold there were no terrace rooms available. I presented my online receipt showing I had paid for that specific room. She shrugged her shoulders and proceeded to help someone else. I was getting a bit frustrated at this point and asked if there were possibly rooms opening later that day. She half heartedly looked at her computer again and said, oh yes, there is a room with a balcony available. Please be warned that a balcony room is not the same as a terrace room. I knew this ahead of time but tossed it up to a translation difference and went to look at the room. It was not the room I had paid for. Went back to the front desk and said I did not want that room. After much deliberation between her and the manager, the manager came up and presented the key to a room with a terrace. I do not understand why they didn't do that in the first place. I went up again to find the room I had reserved. The room itself is nice, but small. The terrace was probably bigger than the room itself. Thehotel is in the middle of this very large and bussling city. You can easily walk to all of the city sights, which was very convienient. Asstated before, there are a lot of hookers outside, but it is not an issue. Plenty of police and families occupy this same space. The bar is good with generous drinks and a very nice beer selection.Breakfast was above average with the typical Euro cold cut, fruit, and bread spread with the addition of hot items such as omelets made to order with bacon or sausage. The air conditioning was working in early May, which happens to be very important to me. I would stay here again if I could get the same rate and less hassle at check in.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>iznof3
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights during the second leg of our honeymoon from April 29th - May 3rd. This hotel surpassed any expectations I had. The breakfast is excellent and their is so much to choose from: freshly cooked eggs, spanish omlettes, iberian ham, manchego cheese, ....just to name a few. A filling breakfast is essential to start off your long day.The free minibar is also a great treat. The rooms are extremely spacious and very clean. The hotel is walking distance to Puerta Del Sol and Plaza Mayor. There is a convenient subway station right outside the hotel (Gran Via).I wrote them an e-mail to request a room with a good view of the Gran Via since we were on our honey-moon. They not only provided us with a great room but they sent up champagne and fresh fruit on the first night.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EPalmer
<Content>Good location, okay hotel Great location to the Metro (right outside) and within walking distance of the must-dos in Madrid. The hotel itself felt sterile. Clean and spacious, but catered to large groups of tourists, i.e. the tiny lobby full both mornings with 25 people checking out at once before boarding a massive tour bus. We didn't get the Aaah - we're on vacation-vibe here, but was perfectly serviceable for a night or two.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>RegularTravellerUK
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at this hotel from 5-7 May and have no complaints. I agree with all of the positive comments that have been made previously and actually booked after reading the reviews.I booked well in advance direct with the hotel and got a great rate and on arrival was vey impressed with my room. This is a great location for a first time visitor and an easy journey on the metro for 2 Euro's to the hotel made for a great start. Everything is within walking distance, including the major sights, and you can practically see all of central Madrid including the Prado and Thyssen museums on foot.Although I read about the red light district on this website - I thought it was confined to a narrow street directly adjacent to the hotel and did not realise it was the main thoroughfare that runs from the Grand Via to Puerto del Sol until I started to walk down it during my first day! To be honest, as mentioned previously there were many police around and lots of people including families were walking along this street. I was on my own and preferred to take the long way around to Puerto del Sol.I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Algood
<Content>Good Experience       Hotel at night with the Metro across  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>contheman
<Content>Red Light Senator I booked this hotel having reviewed Trip advisor and wasn't disappointed. It is on the edge of the red light district alright but this provided endless entertainment for my wife as she sunned herself on the balcony of our lovely room which overlooked the pedestrian street which leads down(a short walk) to the Puerta Sol(not sure is spelling right). There are plenty of police around day and night so the area felt very safe. We didn't dine at the hotel but can confirm that the breakfast was excellent with a large choice of everything you could possibly want.Everything is within a short walk e.g Plaza Mayor and the Madrid Vision Bus stops on the street nearby on the Gran Via. We got a 2 day pass which cost 20 euro per person - handy way of getting around as you can hop on and off wherever you want.Expect to pay about 25 euro for a taxi to the airport.I would have no hesitation recommending this hotel and as others have said the free mini bar is a nice touch although no vino for the ladies - just beer and soft drinks.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>frequent_traveller09
<Content>Great location We stayed in The Senator Gran Via in February this year for 3 nights. We had our 10 month old with us and they had a cot in the room when we arrived and there was no problem getting a high chair every morning at breakfast. We ate in the restaurant the night we arrived and it was very nice. The staff in the restaurant were extremely helpful and friendly for our stay and the choice was very good for breakfast. The hotel is very central for all we wanted. It's a couple of minutes walk to Puerto del Sol where there's a great selection of shops and a few more minutes away and you're in Plaza Mayor. The room we had felt alot smaller as we had the cot too but it was very clean. There is a red light district directly outside but we weren't out very late any night and it wasn't overly obvious. I only really realised a couple of days into the trip. All in all a very nice hotel and very central.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>derry/londonderry
<Content>ideally situated Earlier reviews on tripadvisor were very useful. Hotel staff were very helpful. Staff spoke very good English and were anxious to please. Rooms were meticulously clean. Our room was at the side on the 7th floor so we did not experience noise from Gran Via. earlier references to the 'working girls' of the area were accurate. They were visible as in many parts of Madrid but posed no difficulty for my wife and I. Hotel breakfast buffet was more than adequate - selection of cereals, fruit juices and fruit salads were excellent as were varieties of cold meats, cheeses etc. Overall a very good recommendation. Tripadvisor got it right yet again.H  M Ireland  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lypat
<Content>Great hotel in a red light district... Lovely clean, quiet hotel - choice of pillows, adjustable bed, free mini bar and ideal located within walking distance of all of the main sights/shops of Madrid. The hotel is located in the redlight district and prostitues are outside the Hotel night and day and can be viewed from the hotel bar which makes for an evening of great entertainment if you are so inclined.....look out for the Portuguese transvestite prostitute - every town should have one! Having said, that the police presence probably out numbers the prostitues 4 to 1, so this is by no means an intimidating or unpleasent area, but if you are of a sensitive nature like me, you may be a little taken a back at first, none the less we really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stedepi
<Content>good bargain Good hotel in excellent location. Couteous staff  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ReedC
<Content>There's a fine line between a good hotel and a great hotel.       Balcony, Room 801  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	2	2	

<Author>wenlock
<Content>Look beneath the headlines We booked this hotel direct using the hotels own website and went with another couple booking 2 rooms staying for 4 nights from 10th Feb. On arrival advised only 1 room reserved but on seeing our printed confirmation quickly remedied. Rooms as you would expect for a hotel of this standard. Nice beds, choice of pillows a nice touch, good shower, nice and free mini bar (very unusual). Our room was on 7th floor overlooking Gran Via with a small balcony. Kept awake first night by continuous sirens and hooting of car horns despite efficient double glazing. However housekeeping left a little to be desired. Replacement of toiletries and replacement of tea and coffee etc. didn't happen. Only happened after complaint to manager. Saw manager as received request to contact reception after 3rd night and advised that we had exceeded the hotels limit of E300. (This was only for the room, no other costs were incurred) We had left credit card details at beginning of stay. Were advised that all guests are put on this limit. Have seen no reviews mention this and have never come across this before.After sorting this out we found champagne and fruit in our room that evening as an apology. We also booked the shuttle for the airport but were dropped off at terminal 4 and told to get the internal shuttle to our terminal (1). We were not advised by the hotel that this would happen.Overall not a bad hotel but let down by lots of little niggles  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>EAGLES06
<Content>Great Location and Value       View from balcony  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dritan
<Content>Loved this hotel I loved our stay at this hotel. It was perfectly located - less than 5 mins walk to Puerta del Sol and the Plaza Major and next to the Gran Via metro stop.Things we loved about the hotel: comfy beds with cool remote control recliners, little balcony onto the Gran Via, the free mini bar - i loved the range of fruit juices, fizzy drinks and water, my hubby loved his two free beers each day :-), fabulous breakfast with a range of Spanish hams, cheeses, fruits and pastries - don't be expecting a full English cooked breakfast, TV with CNN so we could keep up with the news, location next to metro and tour bus on the Gran Via, helpful and friendly staff.Can't really think of any negatives - there have been comments about the prostitues outside. They tend to be on the pedestrian route between Gran Via and Sol but to be honest, they didn't bother us. For holidaymakers with children, it's not likely to be an issue as they tend to just stand in doorways dressed in jeans.Also, we didn't come across any pickpocketing during our 4 night stay but I was always carefully to wear my bag diagonally across my body.Overall, we would definitely stay at this hotel if we return to Madrid.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sinbads_sister
<Content>Great location and comfortable stay The location is fabulous and very central. We did most of our sightseeing by foot. The shopping streets are around the corner. The rooms are modern and comfortable, but on the smaller side. Would also recommend breakfast at the hotel. Great cooked and continental breakfast buffet. Would definietly recommend to anyone visiting Madrid.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Aubaine
<Content>Great location, decent price We stayed at the Gran Via for 3 days on a business trip, and I must say that I was impressed. The price was only about 100 Euros per day, and the location was just about perfect. We walked to all of the major sites in Madrid, and for our meetings that took place further away, there was a metro stop,literally outside the front door and taxis on the curb. The breakfast is extremely impressive. It is quite varied and includes a wide array of meats and cheezes, pasteries, fruits, and even cereal. Every morning I looked forward to freshly squeezed Spanish orange juice.The hotel restaurant was pretty good and quite authentic.By authentic, I merely mean that it had not been Americanized. For example, we had a HUGE pan of paella, but unlike the paella you might find the US, all of the seafood was completely whole, making the shrimp, etc, somewhat difficult to eat. This is not a criticism, just a warning for first-timers to Madrid. All of the food was quite good.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>niamhcastle
<Content>Great location We (a couple) stayed in this hotel from 2nd Jan to 5th so midweek. As hotel was quiet room was upgraded to top floor which has stunning views of Madrid. Metro stop Gran Via is right outside the door so really easy get around and to/from airport. Gran Via is one of main streets so again very central. Rooms clean, but not so spacious. Enough for what you need. Mini bar was free which was 4 bottles water, 4 bottles beer and 4 bottles of fizzy drinks. This was refilled every day which was great. TV was ok but pay per view was expensive enough 鈧?2 per film etc and films weren't that current!! Internet access was 鈧?2 per day also. Breakfast was served til half 10 and was ok. Breakfast room is roomy and had cereal bar, meats, cheeses and breads. I've had better. But if you are not there early you tend to just get whats left and they also start clearing round 10 so late arrivals get very little choice. Staff were very pleasant and more than helpful.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rzuckerman
<Content>Awesome hotel--A 10! This hotel was excellent in every respect. Our family of five stayed in two rooms in December 2006, and were not disappointed. Rooms were booked on the hotel's website at the rate of 120 euros. Breakfast was not to be included (15 euros extra per person) however, upon checkin, we were told that breakfast WAS included in every web reservation; a pleasant surprise. The location is perfect in every respect. The underground entrance is directly outside the hotel. There is shopping and restaurants in every direction from the hotel. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The free mini bar in every room is unique and a welcome present for the hotel guests. The breakfast was the best of our europe trip, with several food stations including an eggs/omelets cooked to order. Stay at this hotel, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Blade23
<Content>Fantastic hotel, highly recommend it I stayed in the Senator Gran Via for 5 days for my boyfriends 40th Birthday. I had requested a top floor room and the one we were given was lovely, it was a bit on the small side but we didn't mind as we didn't spend that much time in the room anyway! We made full use of the complimentary mini bar during our stay, which was great! The only problem we found was apart from making the bed, the maid's didn't seem to be too efficient in the actual room as a couple of shelves were rather dusty and obviously hadn't been cleaned for a while. However the bathroom and toilet were very clean so I can't really complain. The hotel receptionists were extremely helpful and gave good advice when I asked about nice eateries etc nearby. Breakfast staff and bar staff in the hotel weren't very impressive but it didn't spoil our enjoyment of the food and drinks (of which there is a vast amount of choice to suit everyone).We didn't have any problems with the working girls outside the hotel or any external noise at night.Overall, it was an excellent stay and we'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>RichAndSandra
<Content>Avoid Room 810! We were allocated Room 810 on arrival and we were fairly pleased with it. However, we discovered that it is surrounded by the three hotel elevators and since the eighth floor is the highest floor, we were close to the machinery that moved the elevators. I am frankly amazed that the hotel uses that room as we barely got any sleep that first night. That room should be offered at a great discount to guests (not 140 Euro) and only used when no others are available. In the morning we asked to move rooms - the first time I have ever needed to do so.We were also very disappointed at the attitude of staff at breakfast. We had asked the times of breakfast and were told that they served until 10:30 (11:00 on public holidays). Since we were staying over Easter, we wanted a late breakfast but staff wanted to refuse us admission at 10:25 one day and although they allowed us to take a table after I pointed out that the breakfast was served until 10:30, they were not prepared to let us have tea etc. Generally, the provision of hot food was also variable; sometimes it was available until the 'closing time', but sometimes not. Even the cold food often ran out towards the end of breakfast period, which was disappointing when on an 'Easter Break'.We chose the hotel because of generally good reviews, but I'm afraid that breakfast staff (over Easter anyway) need some lessons on customer care and no-one should _ever_ accept room 810.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Gizgogs
<Content>Senator is spot on! Very impressed with this hotel. Good location between shopping areas and great selection of restaurants within easy walking distance. The 'ladies of the night' mentioned on other reviews presented no problems at all and the area felt perfectly safe.Rooms here are a good size (though bathroom small) and with great views of the Gran Via - the free minibar was certainly a plus. Staff very helpful and discreet - nothing too much trouble. Excellent breakfast choice and food very fresh. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Altai
<Content>Do not recommend I am totally puzzled as to how this hotel is #2 in TA. We paid 鈧?20 a night for a twin room. Our room was terrible - very small and uncomfortable, there is no way these rooms are 4 star. When we asked for a better room we were informed all the twin rooms are the same. It doesn't matter how much cheap cava is provided in reception, or how much free beer and coke you can drink from the mini-bar, if the room is bad, the hotel is bad. 鈧?20 was massively overpriced for what we got. If you can get a twin inc. breakfast for less than 鈧?00, go for it, otherwise, there HAS to be better places than this in Madrid. On the plus side, the breakfast was good and the location is good. There is no hotel security during the day, and the staff don't seem to care who walks around the hotel - we were held at reception for 20 minutes as they couldn't find our booking, and in that time 2 different dodgy-looking people who clearly weren't guests came in, hung around and eyed our handbags and luggage until they realised I was watching them, and then they left. The reception staff didn't seem to notice or care, which was very odd  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>pattythayer
<Content>Be careful A friend and I stayed at the hotel last June, each with our own rooms. My room was very small, but I paid for a single. My friend's room was larger, but she had to pay the double rate. Also her room had only one window that overlooked the atrium, not the outdoors and at times, the echo from the voices and the water fountain were very loud. The biggest problem was the neighborhood. As mentioned, the street next to the hotel is the red light district. We wandered down the street a couple of times and the girls and/or clients don't bother you, but the girls look very sad and pathetic. Because of the neighborhood, there was a big police presence. However, that doesn't stop anyone from getting into the hotel. One night my friend got off on the wrong floor and was followed onto the elevator and then to her room by a man who was drunk/drugged who tried to kiss her. She managed to push him away and get into her room, but she was very shaken by the incident. Since she doesn't speak Spanish and the night staff does not speak English, she did not report it.I would not recommend staying at this hotel if you are staying alone.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>BobinAustin
<Content>I agree with all the reviews This hotel doesn't look like much when you drive up to it but it is very nice inside. I asked for a quiet room and was given 419 which only opens to the interior atrium - there was no street noise, only some noise drifting up from breakfast. Our friends had 418 and said there was no siginificant noise. Their breakfast is very good, it's in a good location and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Don't worry about the girls working on the pedestrian street to the left as you leave the hotel. There are always a lot of police in front of the hotel where there is a bus station. It's very hard to approach the hotel by car and load/unload because of this bus station. There is a very good, moderately priced restaurant around the corner called La Gloria de Montera which we enjoyed. We were there Nov. 1 to 3.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Trippers123
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Myself and my finance stayed for 3 nights at the end of October. I booked this hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor and I was not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location, convenient to everywhere. The staff were helpful. The rooms was very clean and quiet although a little on the small side. Would definately recommend this hotel and would stay again..  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Leonharda
<Content>Perfect choice for Madrid       A view from our terrace  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mature traveller48
<Content>Give It a Try Stayed here with husband and two friends in October. We had two rooms on sixth floor and with windows shut could not hear noise from the busy street below. Had twin beds with electric controls which meant more sleeping space. The bathrooms were a bit on the small side, but we didnt spend much time in them! The complimentary drinks in the minibar and in the foyer were a bonus. The breakfast had plenty of choice for everyone. Small cafe/bar adjoining main entrance where drinks can be purchased up until midnight. The staff were very obliging. We found a very good restaurant if you turn directly left into the street that runs down the side of the hotel, just a short way on the right. The location was very good and overall we had a brilliant stay, would definitely stay there again if we ever go back to Madrid.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MariaSF2006
<Content>Excellent, Will stay again!       Stereo, Welcome gift, tea pot etc  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bugs4Tigs
<Content>Great Hotel Senator Gran Via 28th Sept - 2nd oct 2006I booked this hotel from the reviews on the Trip advisor website.I booked 5 rooms in all for a (mature) hen weekend , all we wanted was a central hotel with the sights near and good restaurants. We were not disappointed the hotel staff were very professional and curteous and spoke english. The rooms were clean and spacious, and also had a mini fridge in the rooms with various complimentary drinks, which was well appreciated after a day site seeing. The only thing I was disappointed in was the breakfast and staff, our waitress was having a bad morning and seemed quite happy in taking it out on the diners, for the cost of the breakfast 14 euros it was a basic continental arrangement. I would advise going to one of the local cafes.The ladies of the night were no problem at all in fact for someone who is quite observant I didn't particularly see any unless they were pointed out and there is always lots of police around. we felt completely safe and I would go back and stay again. Definitely worth the money and the rating it gets.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>annikins
<Content>Loved the Gran Via My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Senator Gran Via in June and found it to be a lovely oasis in the hot , busy ,beautiful city of Madrid. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the bathrooms have recently been renovated. Staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel is right in the middle of all the great shops - shoes,clothes,food - everything. Just steps from the hotel door is the subway entrance, making it a perfect location. The Prado is within walking distance as well. Lovely walk with parks and trees and stores ,restaurants and sidewalk cafes.I would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Radchap
<Content>Second time here and it seems even better now ! Way to go guys ! I had stayed here before and loved it. This time I could only stay here around the latter part of the trip which only showed me that this place is unbelievable ! Great service!, Great location ! Pure luxury ! Will never stay anywhere else again!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Skwirral
<Content>Good standard in most ways This is a good standard, city centre hotel. The location is very convenient, in easy walking distance of all the main sights. The road outside is very busy and the neighbourhood is not lovely; this means that you may be unimpressed on your approach to the hotel. Once inside, however, there is a considerable improvement. The internal courtyard is most attractive, having a marble stairway, a water feature, glass lifts and subtle lighting. As other reviewers have commented, the sound-proofing is very effective and keeps out the bustle both from public areas and bedrooms.The bedrooms are very good, rather larger than in many city hotels and in a good state of repair. Ours was spotlessly clean and well furnished with very good beds. There was ample evidence of attention to detail.The restaurant is attractive but meals were only just satisfactory. Other visitors may have been more successful than we were but we did not find the quality of food anywhere in Madrid to be its strongest selling point. Judged against this standard, the Senator Grand Via was OK at breakfast and at dinner but it did not rise above this. The service was not well organised, for example, with guests waiting to be seated whilst many tables were left uncleared. There appeared to be a general lack of management in the restaurant.The pool referred to in the hotel literature seems permanently to be closed.Despite these reservations, however, our stay at the SGV was a pleasant experience and we would be happy to stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>pillz
<Content>Great value, great location I took advantage of their 5-night deal for 67 euros/night, including breakfast. The hotel was conveniently located on Gran Via. The metro station is literally outside the front door. It's within walking distance to Puerta del Sol, Plaza Mayor, Cibeles, the Prado, and Chueca (the gay district). Don't forget to check out the largest department store, El Corte Ingles, which has a supermarket and inexpensive souveniers.The rooms were clean, and the windows were sound-proof. The beds recline. There's an extra set of doors between the bedroom and the corridor to further block out noise from the hallway. The free mini-bar was a godsend, especially on hot days.Internet access is available in each room, but it's cheaper to walk down the street to Cafe Zahara. You can arrange an airport shuttle to the airport which is more convenient than taking the metro and less expensive than a taxi.Madrid is a great city. Don't forget to take a Walking Tapas Tour at --- which was a highlight of my trip.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ginella
<Content>Great! We had a great time, the rooms were very clean, maybe a bit small, but we were hardly in it. The staff was great, especially Mathiew, he always helped us out. I have to agree that you do find street walkers right on the street next to the hotel, but nothing dangerous, besides, Madrid IS a capital and the Gran Via, one of the main streets in Madrid, has a large mix of a crowd. I was with my family and never felt unsafe. And about the comment that if you don't speak Spanish you can't get by, I feel it is an exaggeration, you will have issues, but you are in a foreign country and you should try to speak their language, like when people come to the US, they always say SPEAK ENGLISH!! We had a great time, so don't hessitate.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moraga_ca
<Content>Wonderful stay! My husband and I stayed at the hotel from the 16th through the 19th of September and we had a wonderful time. Our package included breakfast and free minibar.What we liked:*Location--the metro right outside the hotel, many sights, restaurants, and shops within walking distance*Our room--decent-sized with high ceilings, balcony w/view of the side street, big bed w/choice of pillows, nice bathroom. *Staff--friendly and helpful staff*Breakfast--nice selection: eggs made-to-order, meats, cheeses, pastries, etc.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Bristolginger
<Content>FANTASTIC FANTASTIC FANTASTIC Booked the Senator Gran Via after reading so many positive reviews.Arrived on our 2nd wedding anniversary at hotel only to be told that due to flight cancellations guests were having to stay an extra night, and we would have to stay our first night in another 4* hotel. The staff were extremely apologetic, polite and helpful in dealing with this situation and personally took us to the other hotel.The next day we returned to the Senator Gran Via and were more than pleased to be told that we had been upgraded to one of their junior suites due to the inconvenience caused.When we went to the room we realised that they had actually put us into the best room in the hotel with a huge private sun terrace with a view sraight down the Gran Via. When we returned to the room after our first day out we had a bottle of Cava and glasses waiting for us to enjoy.Infact any time of the day you can help yourself to the complimentary cava in the lovely lobby area.Overall the staff were extremely helpful and polite, the hotel very pleasing and relaxing to be in, and position couldn't be better.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovesitalia44
<Content>hotel hell-worst experience in a hotel ever!!! Worst hotel experience of my life. I have stayed in plenty of hotels around the world, and this one by far was the worst.The staff is either rude or sompletely disinterested in helping you. Most of the staff there do not speak English, which is fine if you are not in the tourist industry. Tiny, dirty horrible rooms that look nothing like the pictures. Nasty disgusting area with streetwalkers everywhere you look around the building and down the street. Worst area in Madrid. My husband and I kept asking ourselves where is the Spain we heard such lovely things about??If you decide to stay here instead of a one or two star hotel, which I can assure you would be a far better experience because it could not be worse, make sure you speak some Spansh or you won't be able to order so much as water, or coffee with cream. Dining staff only speaks Spainish, period! Still trying to figure out how this hotel achieved 4 star status!!!In short, I would have to say in all honestly, this was a very depressing hotel and we checked out early because we were so miserable. We found Hotel Quo Puerta del Sol, and it turned our experience around. Hotel was gorgeous, staff was professional, friendly, wonderful to us. Thanks Laura and Simon!!!Breakfast was fabulous, unlike the other place. And the location was a thousand times better. Not seedy at all and right near Puerta del sol.If I go to Madrid again,Quo Puerta Del Sol is probably the only hotel I would choose. You can't beat the location, price, rooms or service. We booked the suite and we could have just stayed there and enjoyed ourselves. It was spacious and wonderful! Oh and as far as the glass bathroom door people mentioned, it's totally frosted. You couldn't see anything on the other side even if you tried, so there's not a thing to worry about.Hope this helps you. Happy traveling!!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	2	

<Author>los_santos
<Content>Lovely hotel!!!       hotel lobby  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arcoonetoe
<Content>Great value       Gran Via at 2 am  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>nsm1
<Content>A Super Choice This was a fabulous choice. Reasonable rate, wonderful location close to Plaza Mayor/Sol. Especially nice rooms, large with free minibars. A great touch when you come in from sightseeing-cold soda, water, beer. The beds were adjustable. Very quiet. The only problem was getting to the hotel. We tried to take bus from airport. I don't even know where we ended up but took a cab and after unloading and entering found it had taken us to sister hotel by mistake-Hotel Senator Espana at 70 Gran Via.In fact, there was a problem with booking, some of our party was booked at this hotel while we were booked down the street. Also, they warned us about luggage being stolen from reception so had to keep our eye on that while we figured out where to go. They were not helpful with the mixup. We dragged our luggage for blocks to the correct place but it proved worth it. Breakfast buffet was included-something I look for when choosing hotels-it was very good and was enough to hold us for the day. we ate dinner there that night and it was satisfactory but on the high side for what you got. A tip to anyone planning a train trip-book your tickets ahead.!! We spent hours getting our tickets for 2 trips to Granada and to Toledo.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Hugh(_!_)Janus
<Content>What a Gay weekend       Nice for a few drinks in the BIG SQUARE but pretty expensive  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Overlooker
<Content>Comfortable and convenient Stayed here in mid-June after finding that our first choice, the sister hotel, Senator Gran Via, had no rooms. The Senator Gran Via clerk had arranged for us to stay at the Gran Via earlier. We had a corner room overlooking the Gran Via. The room had doors that opened onto balconies. We had a king-size bed, but our daughter slept on a sort of couch/daybed. The room was absolutely quiet despite being on the street.The hotel restaurant served a very good dinner. Our deal didn't include breakfast with the room and it was $11/person for a uninspired buffet. The location allows easy walking to many of Madrid's most famous cultural attractions.We weren't aware of [----] on the side street during the day, but they were out by early evening. Still, they didn't dominate the scene. The street was filled with many Spanish families, workers and shoppers going about their daily business. All in all, it was a pleasant hotel in a convenient location.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelman48
<Content>Neutral / average The hotel service is quick to respond, the rooms are clean, and the location is very central to everything. The hotel will request payment at check in rather than at check out, which is a bit unusual but ok. I would stay here again. People whose items are stolen. Shame on you. If you had done any research on Spain, any, you would know theft is a big problem. Where do you leave your carry-on luggage when at an airport? Always keep on eye on your personal items!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Lea61
<Content>Another theft from the hotel reception area! Like a previous reviewer we had the distressing experience of having a bag stolen from the reception area as we were about to check in. If the reception staff invite you to leave your bags while you have a welcome drink......don't do it! Not sure if what is going on is an inside job or not but two similar incidents in the same week is a bit suspicious. Like the other reviewer we found that staff were not really concerned about the theft, did not pass on information to other staff and we have still to hear from the manager! We did finally get a bottle of champagne and bowl of fruit with an apology but this was only after we spent several hours at the Police Station giving a report (not a nice experience) and several hours and hundreds of dollars replacing medications, toiletries etc. Nothing was irreplaceable and we tried not to let it spoil our holiday but if these thefts are happening within the hotel i can only warn all potential visitors to be vigilant with their belongings. And don't expect much help from the staff!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>deeva72
<Content>Central and comfortable hotel       View of stairwell  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ElenaFG
<Content>Fantastic choice After looking at many hotels on the Tripadvisor website, I found the Senator Gran Via. I was persuaded by the many positive reviews to give this hotel a chance and it turned out to be a fantastic choice.We were two families traveling to Spain with a total of 5 teenagers ages 14-20. The four rooms we booked were all clean and bigger than we had anticipated. My room on the 8th floor even had a terrace, which the adults utilized in the evening.The rooms were quite modern and spotless. The free minibar was a pleasure after spending the day touring in the hot sun. The breakfast was sumptuous, compared to other breakfasts we had throughout Spain. The location was perfect. We walked to the Prado, the Royal Palace, the Plaza Mayor. Regarding the ladies of the evening issue--we told our kids about this and when we walked by, our daughters counted how many they found before we reached the Puerta del Sol; the boys were slightly amused. In fact, it was really quite sad to see them standing there all day. So, for our families, it was a non-issue.We found the staff to be more than gracious and helpful. Although I speak Spanish, they were fluent in English. They gave suggestions for restaurants--Gino's for Italian food. The bellman always had a smile on his face.All in all, I can't say enough great things about this hotel. After a four night stay, we were sad to leave. I would absolutely stay there again while in Madrid. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>KnD.Moore
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed at the Senator Gran Via over the first weekend in July. It was booked after reading all the great reviews on Trip Advisor and we weren't disappointed.We took a taxi from Barajas airport into Madrid and can't help feeling the taxi driver took a few liberties with us. The reviews stated the trip should have cost us about 25 - 30 euros. Ours cost 35 euros plus tip and he dropped us off at the wrong hotel!Be aware if this is your first time, there are two Hotel Senators on the Gran Via. The Hotel Senator Espana and the Hotel Senator Gran Via. We didn't know this and apparently neither did the taxi driver.After a short walk along the Gran Via we arrived at our correct hotel. The staff were marvellous. Whilst I checked in another member of staff provided my family with drinks, maps and sightseeing advice.We had a room on the 2nd floor with twin electric beds and a converted sofa bed for my daughter. The room was spotlessly clean with TV, CD stereo, air conditioning and of course the now infamous free mini-bar. I must also say that the double glazing in this hotel is amazing. The Gran Via never stops but you could hardly notice the noise with the windows closed.The bathroom was a little on the small side for two adults and a teenager at times, but it was well stocked, a powerful shower, had clean towels every day and plenty of hot water.We had bed and breakfast reservations and the breakfasts were excellent. A choice of cereals, fruits, cold meats, cheeses and breads together with the option of freshly cooked omelettes.We were aware of the ladies over the road prior to our visit, but even though we tended to avoid the Calle La Montera the majority of the time, nowhere near as bad as I perceived it would be from the other reviews. We were never bothered by anyone and there is always a police presence.For the return journey to the airport, ask the hotel to book the shuttle. It only costs 6 euros per person.This is one of the best hotels we have had the fortune to stay in and were sorry to leave. We will definitely go back again when we return to Madrid.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware - not somewhere to take children! We recently stayed in this hotel and although the hotel was superb even to the point of having a free mini bar (to include beer and soft drinks) unfortunately nobody warned us about the red light area being right outside.This can be avoided if you do not turn left out of the hotel (right into lots and lots ofvarying sexes scantily clad to say the least). If you walk on Gran Via itself there isno problem and plenty to see.We were lucky that we went on our own as if children do accompany adults this could be very difficult.The staff were very helpful and spoke very good English.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gotthetshirt
<Content>Fabulous hotel in great location Stayed at this hotel for my husbands 40th birthday and had a great time. I happened to mention that this was for his birthday and within minutes of arriving in the room we were greeted with a bottle of sparkle, mineral water and a basket of fruit, with the compliments of the reception. The rooms are a little small but the location is perfect. Walking distance to all the main attractions and subway. The hookers are on parade across the street but we thought it was funny, they appear good looking from the 7th floor!!! You will not be disappointed if you stay here.Madrid is a lovely compact and friendly city.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cin1754
<Content>Watch your belongings We have just returned from our 2 week trip to Spain. While in Madrid, we stayed at the Gran Via, and would not recommend it to anyone. My purse was stolen in the lobby of the hotel, within view of the front desk. With much distress, (as you can imagine), we asked the staff for help in cancelling credit cards, cell phones, etc, and they were extremembly rude, and very unwilling to cooperate. They actually told us that making these phone calls might get them into trouble. No manager came to talk to us, no security ever asked us any questions. Many times during our stay at Gran Via, the staff gave us incorrect information of opening times of museums, never helped us with restaurant recommendations, and just seemed to be inconvienenced by any questions we might have. The only positive thing I can say about the hotel, is the mini-bar in the room is wonderful, after a long, hot day of sightseeing.My husband and I have traveled internationally quite a bit, and we have never had this type of experience before. If you are undecided in your hotel choice for Madrid, please think of a hotel, other than Senator Gran Via.By the way, the rest of our vacation to Sevilla, Granada, and Barcelona was wonderful.CMA  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>briefencounter
<Content>Look no further We selected this hotel from the many good reviews we had read on tripadviser and all of them were acurate. It's a great location, with friendly and helpful staff. All the service we received was efficient, it could not be faulted.We had a spacious room on the 6th floor at the front corner of the hotel with wonderful views of the city. Great bathroom with really powerful shower, everything spotlessly clean, mini bar filled daily and fresh fruit and chilled juices freely available in the reception area.I agree that breakfast in the hotel is a little pricey if you are just looking for coffee and rolls. There is a good place immediately to the left of the hotel, eat in or out, don't be put off by the location, it's good food and great coffee and like everywhere we found in Madrid, excellent service.Try the 'eat as much as you like' buffet for lunch or dinner, situated left out of the hotel and left again. A fantastic choice of salads and hot food, fruit and coffee for under 10 euros.The hotel shuttle bus to the airport is good value at 6 euros per person and like everything else at the hotel, very efficient. Look no further.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kathieann
<Content>Definitely 4 star +++++ My husband and I spent 5 nights here and enjoyed it immensely. It is centrally located within walking distance to everything. The street to the side of the hotel (Montero) caters to the ladies of the night, but we found it to be more entertaining than dangerous. The hotel is equipped with all the necessities plus some. The refrigerator with water, beer, soda is a real plus and is stocked daily. Request a top floor, corner room if possible. Our corner room had 3 balconies and overlooked the Gran Via. If you like to shop, be sure to go to Corte Ingles on the Gran Via. We splurged and hired a private guide to take us to Toledo for the day. We loved this unique city. Transportation from the airport by taxi cost us about $30. If you're traveling on a weekday, allow for extra time; traffic is awful! If you choose this hotel, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gotham1
<Content>Great hotel We just returned from a 1 wk. stay at this hotel. This is a great hotel  I'd stay here again. The staff is friendly, helpful,  most speak english. No problem with the reservation or room rate. The elevators are prompt  quick. The location is on Gran Via with easy access to taxis  metro stop in front of hotel. Rooms are clean  very well appointed. There isn't much they don't provide in the rooms; TV, internet, radio/CD, free (yes, free) mini bar w/sodas, water,  beer, plenty of toiletries, magnifying mirror in bath, hair dryer, electric beds, balconies w/ view of Gran Via, cold AC, ceiling fan, too much to list. The breakfast is first rate with plenty to choose from as well as short order for eggs, bacon, etc. There is a small grocery around the corner for snacks. TV is limited for english, only news  sports, but they do have pay per view for movies (13 euro). The only negative things I can say, are that the beds are a bit firm for me  pillows flat. The street to the side of the hotel, Montero, is a hooker street, but they aren't aggressive. If you opt for the shuttle to the airport, it is only 6 euro/person, but allow for at least an hour, because they pick up at another hotel too. Taxis in Madrid are small  don't accommodate more than 2-3 people  2 suitcases. We had 4 people  4 bags  had to take 2 taxis from the airport. We didn't wait in hardly any lines for any of the sites. Don't miss Monasterio Descalza Reales(only by guided tour, in Spanish), Prado museum, Parque Retiro, Thyssen-B. museum, Reina-Sofia (great Picasso exhibition, but the rest is modern),  Royal Palace  park. We took side trips to Toledo, Segovia,  El Escorial. I'd skip Toledo; the castle is closed  it is really hot  frustrating to get around. Take the bus to Segovia instead of the train; train is 2 hrs., bus is 1 hr. This is a great hotel with all the necessities. We found people in Mardrid to be friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient and very quiet The Senator Gran Via has a very good, central location -- you can walk to the Prado museum area, royal palace, plaza del sol, plaza Major, etc. The interior atrium has a nice waterfall. The room was a little on the small side but it had a balcony, sound-proof windows that completely blocked any street noise, and a second door between the entry to the hall and the room so hallway noise was eliminated. We had people in the room next to us but never heard them. Also appreciated the free mini-bar. The breakfast buffet was abundant but a little pricey (14 euros/each. There are less expensive cafes nearby. There was open prostitution on one street near the hotel but, as others have noted, it did not present any security problem.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>car2sh
<Content>Deservedly Number One Just came back from spending eight nights here.Don't even consider elsewhere. Centrally-located and with all amenities (and some you didn't even think of: reclining chair and bed with elevating mattress). Choice of pillows. Superb mattress. Soundproof - both from the street (with double-glazed windows) and from the hall (with double doors). Omelettes freshly prepared to your order at breakfast with ample choices of absolutely everything else. Wish I could find this sort of hotel everywhere. What avalue!I also put up three other friends here - all of whom loved it. Tried to get two other couples in but they were already full.The Director of the hotel, who is fluent in English, was especially helpful. The whole operation was well-run. They are part of the playasentaor chain. I'm going to make a point of looking for their properties when I stay elsewhere.Pity my friends who couldn't get in and had to stay at the Ritz for six times the price where the halls smelled of mildew - and their room was decorated bordello-style. Only reason to go to the Ritz seems to be to dine or drink on its terrace.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kiwi_Chick_Traveller
<Content>Awesome! Absolutely gorgeous hotel  room!My boyfriend and I stayed here in May and loved it. We had a room which had a very large balcony on the 8th floor which had 2 sun loungers, 2 deck chairs, a table AND an awesome view. The mini bar was free and included about 5 beers, 4 fizzy drinks (coke/fanta), and a few bottles of water. This was replenished FREE every day!The room was very clean, tidy, quiet, air conditioned, and had all facilities that you would need and some that you wouldn't (trouser press, iron, etc).The location was perfect. It was easy to walk to anywhere that we needed to go and having the metro just outside the door of the hotel made getting to and from the airport convenient. Customer service from the front desk was terrific and they even had free fruit and drinks in reception. A couple of words of warning  The street that runs down the side of the hotel does have 'friendly ladies' and sex shops - they were there during the day and night. Although it was a little wierd at first we didn't feel threatened or worried at all. Normally when I read reviews that say something like this it makes me cautious but from what I could tell the area seemed very harmless. It is possible to go to the restuarants etc by taking an alternative route if necessary - but this street is a bit quicker.Getting to and from the airport using the metro does take a bit of time using public transport (at least 1-1.5hr). Depending on which terminal you arrive at can involve catching a terminal train then a bus, then get onto the metro, and change 3 times to get to grand via station. This process involves clambering up and down numerous steps. Next time I would probably still catch the public transport as I tend to travel quite light and I'm a bit of a cheap-skate! Elderly people or people with heavy bags may be better off finding alternative transport.In summary - the best hotel that I've stayed at for a long time and I would definately recommend and stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bagjag27
<Content>Excellent Value          bathroom  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tmccaleb
<Content>Great Hotel This might be the most luxurious hotel we've stayed at in a long time, and especially at the price. We spent 4 nights here in May. Previous reviews commented on street noise on lower floors. Based on these reviews, we sprang for the extra cost for a room with a terrace in order to ensure we were on a higher floor. When we checked in, no rooms with a terrace were available. The front desk agent (Lorenzo, I believe, who was especially cordial and helpful, but all the desk staff were excellent) gave us a large corner room and assured us we would be moved the next night and the first night rate adjusted accordingly. The corner room was on the second floor overlooking the Gran Via, which is a very busy street, While the street noise did not keep us awake, it was definitely there. The room was exceptionally nicely appointed with a large and equally nicely appointed bath. The next morning, we were told to pack our belongings and leave them on the bed and everything would be moved when we returned. We did so, and we came back in the afternoon we had been moved to a two-room suite on the 8th floor with a large terrace overlooking the Gran Via. This seemed to be the top-of-the-line accommodation in the hotel. We were offered this in lieu of an adjustment in the first night's room rate and we were happy to accept. The view up the Gran Via was spectacular. The hotel's location is excellent: a few minutes walk to Puerta del Sol and a few minutes more to Plaza Mayor, about a 20 minute walk to the Prado or, in the opposite direction to the Palacio Real. The Gran Via metro stop is at the front door. While we used a taxi (expensive--34 euros from Barajas) when we arrived, when we left, we used the metro to Atocha station with no problems even maneuvering smallish rolled suitcases down the steps to the metro station (larger cases or those that don't roll might be a problem). There are two negatives about the location. First, there is street noise if you are on the front of the hotel or on the Gran Via on a lower floor; I'd advise asking for a room on a higher floor or overlooking the narrow side street opposite the Gran Via. Second, as other reviewers have pointed out, the red light district is on the side street just below the hotel. However, from the other reviews, I did not realize this meant the main street between the hotel and Puerta del Sol which is the heart of centro Madrid. This street is a bit unsavory, lined with hostals, tattoo parlors and piercing emporiums, and prostitutes. However, it is also thick with police (among the things that stand out about Madrid are the presence of police everywhere and the presence of street cleaners everywhere at all hours--I felt safer and cleaner in Madrid than almost anywhere else I've been). We didn't hesitate to use this street to get to Sol and back, but if the unsavoriness bothers you, there are several alternative routes that are only slightly longer and more circuitous. Included in the room rate (125-150 euros per night) was breakfast which turned out to be a full breakfast, anything you wanted including eggs cooked to order, which I thought was a great deal. This would absolutely be my first choice for a hotel should I return to Madrid.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel In Madrid We stayed at the Hotel Senator Gran Via for three nights beginning June 1, 2006. We were given a room on the fifth floor 鈥?a no smoking floor 鈥?that was both fairly large and very comfortable. Although the Gran Via bustles until all hours (really, they do party until 4:00 AM on Friday and Saturday nights) and our room fronted on the street, the windows combined with the drapes make the room VERY soundproof. The beds were two singles 鈥?that were able to be individually reclined 鈥?that butted together making a king. They were quite comfortable (although I we do not find hard beds a problem). The bathroom was very well equipped and the water pressure was outstanding and hot water was plentiful. The TV did get CNN in English and an English sports broadcast.The complimentary mini-bar was a great feature and it was replenished daily. The hotel鈥檚 staff was very efficient and even surprised us with a bottle of champagne for my wife鈥檚 birthday! When we called down to ask who had sent this to her - we figured friends or one of our kids - the desk manager replied 鈥淚sn鈥檛 it your birthday? Happy birthday from the hotel!鈥?They apparently saw it was her birthday from her passport. Yes, the hotel is right next to the 鈥榬ed light鈥?district. However, the girls were not pushy nor did they bother us in any way. I would definitely recommend this hotel to all except those who might have younger kids that might be put out a bit by the presence of the hookers and the sex shops that were about a block away. Couple of things we experienced: Madrid is a very clean city. The streets are always swept and there is no trash around at all, even in the older areas of town. We did our best to try and engage waiters, service people or shop owners into conversation and struck out except at the hotel. People in Madrid obviously do not care for Americans very much. I can speak enough Spanish to order a meal or handle simple transactions so it wasn鈥檛 as if we were being ugly Americans in Europe. My wife鈥檚 60th birthday low point was actually being spit on by a bum in the Metro after being called an American -----. True, the guy was a nut case but the sentiment was obvious. Maybe people in Madrid don鈥檛 like anyone. And, just so you know where we are coming from, we find the people in France, even in Paris, to be pleasant if not gracious. Don鈥檛 expect a very good meal at any of the restaurants on the Plaza Mayor 鈥?they are best for a drink and a couple of Tapas plates. They are also very expensive.The Palacio Real is truly amazing to see. And, the outdoor tables at the Caf茅 Oriente right across the street from the Palacio Real are wonderful places for drinks, people watching and they serve a good salad. We also had a wonderful dinner at the outdoor portion of a restaurant located in an alley between the Calle Mayor and Calle Arenal called Chiky鈥檚. I鈥檇 recommend it highly. We went to the El Rastro flea market on Sunday. Mostly it鈥檚 t-shirts and sunglasses and other new junk, but it was fun and there were a couple of booths with nice hand-painted pottery and a few with nice items for sale. Again, the sales people in the booths were very 鈥?well, the nicest way I can put it is 鈥?rude. And be careful, my brother-in-law did have his wallet lifted even though he had it in his front pocket and was trying to be careful. We did the one-day trip to Avila and Segovia (72 Euros each with 鈥榞astronomic鈥?lunch included). The trip was great and I would recommend it highly 鈥?but I would pass on the lunch. The restaurant was indoors and crammed with tourists eating roasted pigs. There are lots of places in Segovia that are nice outdoor cafes that would have been much better. The guide was bilingual in Spanish and English and was very good.As far as getting back and forth into the city from the airport is concerned, I would recommend AeroCity ( --- ) The fare for four persons in a mini-van was a total of 22 Euros each way and the drivers were prompt and actually quite pleasant compared to the rest of the people we encountered in Madrid. All in all I have conflicting feelings about Madrid. I liked the city鈥檚 vibrancy, its somewhat schizophrenic architecture and its climate in June. But the people left us cold 鈥?so much so that I probably wouldn鈥檛 return. That鈥檚 too bad because if I did, I would stay again at the Senator Gran Via.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sbull9
<Content>Perfect for our stay.... My wife and I stayed here from 27 to 30 may 2006. The location was perfect for a short break. The room was just the right size for two people, was spotlessly clean and had everything you could want (including the free mini bar and free Cava in the reception area!!). We opted for breakfast and weren't dissapointed. A good choice of cold meats, cheese, fruit, cereals, bread, cakes, yoghurts and individually prepared omelettes. The only fault I could mention is that the receptionist couldn't find our booking but was very helpful and sorted it out immediately. Every member of the staff who we dealt with were very curteous and helpful.To return to the airport use their mini bus which cost 6鈧?each as opposed to 25鈧?for a taxi.I would definately recommend this hotel and would certainly stay there again.If anyone would like any further information including some great 'local' bars just e-mail me.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A "Gran" Deception I麓ve booked 2 double rooms in this hotel, for 4 nights in may 2006 based on Tripadvisor's readers reviews....It was a great deception.The rooms are really small for the number of stars and the rates they have. I was with my six years old baby and it was impossible to open her craddle at the room.Some of the reception麓s crew are very unprepared. After having to speak with one of them again, I had to move to a slightly bigger room after 11 PM with some luggage and the guy at reception simply said to me that I'd have to do it without any help because In Spain, we don麓t have bellmen after 23h.... I travel professionaly since 1981, and been to Spain many times, and of course, in decent 4 stars hotels, they have people to help you with your luggage 7X24...The wall was dirty in my room, and the cigarrette smell in the halls is serious...they don't give you a new soap bar until the old one disapear, and I had just one , to use both in the shower and to wash my hands...Internet connection didn麓t work in the first days...a complete joke..The worst: The night before my check out, I made a taxi reservation to go to the airport next morning, at the reception with the same guy that gaved me that spanish bellmen law described above. I told him that I was travelling with my wife and our 6 months old baby, so I would need a big car for our luggage. He said No problem, I麓ll make sure you have a big car at the door at 11 o'clock tomorrow Mr. Lima! I tought that would be enough.Next day, with 4 big suitcases and the baby trolley, of course,a real small car was there at the hotel door waiting for us. After an unnecessary stress trying to stick our bags in that little thing, I had to call another car, paying double fare and not going together with my wife and child to the airport...I spent more than 1300 euros at the Senator Gran Via hotel and they won't see me or my money ever again...Hotel Intur Palacio San Martin seems to be a much better deal...Paulo Lima, lawyer and magazine publisher.SAo PAulo, Brasil  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>juridf
<Content>Truely a 4* hotel We spent 1 night in may at the Senator Gran Via. We had a wonderfull time. At check-inn they gave us a very nice cornerroom on the 7th floor with a small balcony and a great view of Gran Via. The roomsize was above normal comparing to other spanish hotels we have stayed at and VERY clean. When the balconydoor was closed no noise entered from the street. The free minibar was very nice and the ironing board was very welcome. It's just so nice that when you leave your room it can't be seen that your clothes have spent 8 hours in a suitcase. Normally hotels charge alot for express pressing, here you have it in your room. The bathroom amenities were above average as- well. As a whole the hotel interior is very fresh. Everybody we were in contact with the first day was very polite and helpfull. The hotel is located just across from chueca, the gayarea of Madrid. It was full of exiting shops, cafes and restaurants. JUST PERFECT. Just outside the hotel theres a metrostation, so if you're interessted you can take the metro from airport to the hotel it takes about 25min, cost 1鈧?.The only negative thing I can comment about is the waiters at the breakfastbuffet. As others already have pointed out they are NOT very serviceminded and friendly and steamed very stressed out.......The buffet itself is very good. Our overall experience with Senator Gran Via was very nice indeed and we will surely retunr next time we go to Madrid.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cristobal G
<Content>Fab Hotel This hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to where it all happens. Our room was on the second floor overlooking the Gran Via and was of good size. The only disadvantage was that there was quite a lot of street noise. The room has a free mini bar, TV, music centre and internet access. We had breakfast in the hotel which was excellent, with fresh fruit and freshly made eggs and bacon. In our case this was included in the room rate. In the lobby there is free cava. The staff were friendly and efficient and speak some English. We didn't eat in the hotel as there are plenty of good restaurants nearby. If you come across a restaurant called Asturias then stay well clear as our meal was probably the worst we had ever had. After telling the waitress how bad it was (in Spanish) she shrugged her shoulders and asked us if we wanted a pudding! I would definitely use the hotel again. One final point, many of the other reviews mention the 'ladies of the night' who are just outside the hotel. There is a very strong police pressence and we were not bothered by these girls.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Arlie-n-Annie
<Content>Perfect Location, Perfect Room, Perfect Service I have traveled extensively throughout the United States and Europe and have to say that Hotel Senator Gran Via is one of the best kept secrets in Madrid. My mother and I just finished a tour of Spain...Madrid, Barcelona and Sevilla. All of the hotels we stayed in were Trip Advisor top rated hotels. Our goal was to find quaint, comfortable, safe, boutique hotels in central locations --- what a surprise to find that the Senator Gran Via had not only the above but far more: warm welcome, friendly service, a great restaurant (we had dinner in the restaurant and found that the food and the service was as good as some of the best restaurant meals we had in Spain), complimentary mini bar items, kraftmatic type beds in the standard rooms, truly the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in, fantastic views, huge bathtubs...perfect for soaking after a long day of touring....all at a really great in season rate of 120 Euros per night. I booked directly with the hotel after checking with hotels.com, expedia and travel sites in Europe found that direct booking offered the best rate. The location was prime for access to Plaza Mayor, all the museums, great shopping and restaurants. And, only a five minute cab ride from the Atocha train station in Madrid. Just a word of caution for those of you traveling from the airport -- the cost of a cab ride is approximately 15-20 Euro and we found more than one traveling couple that had been charged 40-50 Euro with cabbies that did not run their meters from the airport.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ally2006
<Content>Great Location The hotel worked out perfectly! You are able to walk to all of the sites (Plaza Mayor, El Prado, restaurants and out at night). Could not have stayed in a better Hotel in Madrid.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel For adults it is an excellent hotel, excellent staff, clean, well furbished and right next to Madrid's main metro station (not that you need it as pretty much everything is within 20mins walking distance). However Madrid's 'red light' district is close by and whilst it can be avoided, it is the quickest way to the main plazas where most of the bars and restaurants are located, not a problem during the day but at night could be a potential problem with children. My girlfriend and I walked through it every night and we didn't feel threatened or intimidated at any time  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BerlyMilwaukee
<Content>Fabulous! Just spent four nights at Hotel Senator. Outstanding! Great location to walk to many areas and metro stop is literally two steps out the front door. Rooms small by American standards, but very comfortable, extremely clean, excellent amenities. Great balcony overlooking the city. Excellent free breakfast in the morning. Staff very pleasant. Can't say enough! One word of warning - they offer a shuttle to the airport for 6E, which is a great deal compared to taxi (25E). THey told me about 30-40 minutes to get to the airport, however, we had to pick up at two other hotels and it was more like an hour. It's a great service, but be sure to allow enough time.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gugi9
<Content>A Great Hotel We loved this hotel. Location is perfect, we walked everywhere. Staff was helpful and courteous. Our room was on the front with two large windows overlooking the street; the traffic noise disappeared as soon as we closed the windows. Free minibar with juices, water, coffee was a definite plus, and breakfast was plentiful. Sleek furnishings, hardwood floors, marble bath all made for a gracious hotel and a great value.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Have just returned from staying 4 nights in the Senator Grand Via and found this hotel to be excellent compared to many hotels of the same price.Although the rooms are small, the comfort and cleanliness of the rooms surpasses any critisism that we could make.Excellent location as it is on the doorstep to the metro and 5 min walk down the hill to the main shopping area (although be warned, on the opposite side of the street are very friendly ladies, so hold on tight to your man!) Don`t let this put you off though as we would highly recommend the hotel and city to anybody, so give it a try, you won`t be dissappointed.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bronco1020
<Content>Great Hotel! Now here is a great hotel. Just got back from a week in Madrid, Sevilla, and Granada and this is the only hotel worth the money paid and much more! This hotel has great food, rooms and service! I would stay here again in a second and am very hard on hotels in reviews. I believe that they should abide by certain rules (clean, and quiet) This one does both and is very classy as well and great prices. We even had a huge balony off our room on the 8th floor overlooking Madrid. Great Place!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BrowneDublin
<Content>great hotel Stayed at the Senator Hotel 22nd April til 24th April.Had a wonderful time. Our room was very comfortable with lovely touches like free shaving kit, dental kit etc. The buffet breakfast was fabulous I don't think there was anything more you could want on the menu that included hot  cold food. The breakfast staff were attentive  refilled our coffee cups during our meal. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anybody wishing to go to Madrid and it has the added bonus of being very central  has a metro station at it's doorstep. We felt safe at all times there!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice Stayed at the gran Via for Easter weekend and were very impressed. Room was very spacious, with two balconies looking over Gran Via. Traffic was very noisy with doors opened but double glazing made the room very quiet when closed. Free mini bar was a great touch! Ladies of Night (and day!!) and xxx shops were all along the road from the hotel but other than feeling slightly seedy, were not an issue. We always came up from Sol on another road. If back in Madrid would have no reservations about staying here again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Enable
<Content>When in Madrid you don't have to look further.       View from my balcony  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Londoner27
<Content>Great hotel We chose this on the basis of other TripAdvisor recommendations and were not disappointed. The room was not exactly spacious but was immaculately clean, nicely furnished, etc. The free minibar is an excellent idea - good to have fresh cold water, beer, etc every day. A couple more free milks and maybe some biscuits wouldn't have gone amiss...The location is great: literally right above the Gran Via metro stop, about 5 minutes down to Puerta del Sol and 10 minutes from Paseo del Prado and the art museums.One tip though: we chose to avoid the hotel breakfast as it looked like a bit of a ripoff and it turns out we made the right call. If you walk down to Puerta del Sol, in the west corner is La Mallorquina, where a delicious pastry and a coffee cost 2 euros 70 cents.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iloveholidaylots
<Content>Great location, great service! We just spent 4 nights at this hotel having read about the reviews on this website. We certainly weren't disappointed with the location - very central and within easy walking distance to all the shops / restaurants. The staff in the hotel were all very friendly and helpful and their English was excellent. We arrived before check-in but this was not a problem and we got taken to our room straight away (after having a complimentary cold drink whilst checking in - a nice touch after a long journey!). I agree that the room is small but it has a free mini-bar which is re-stocked each day (only alcohol is beer but plenty of soft drinks), CD player, TV and lovely bathroom. Our room was cleaned and tidied each day and we had no problems there. At the airport we decided to save money on the cost of a taxi and negotiate the metro for only 1 euro each. The journey is quite long and does involve steps which isn't good with lots of luggage. On the way home, we took a taxi and it was only 19 euros - well worth the money. No mention of a free transfer bus from the hotel so not sure about that.The prostitutes are out in force along the street just next to the hotel but we were travelling alone (2 girls) and didn't feel unsafe once. They keep themselves to themselves and the police presence is high. If I was to revisit Madrid I would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Londoner28
<Content>Ideal For a 3* hotel it would be difficult to beat the Senator Gran Via - the rooms are not large, but they are well appointed, nicely decorated and immaculately clean. The free minibar was most welcome, and the shower almost painfully powerful. It's 5 minutes from the Puerta del Sol, and all the major sights are within easy walking distance. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kbeeker
<Content>Don't arrive late or you will not get your room Booked here because of rating on Trip Advisor. I had a reservation for a room with a large bed. When I arrived I was told that all they had left was a room with two smaller beds. They did find a room with one large bed, in the smoking rooms, but it was very small and the only window overlooked the front lobby. For 140 Euro, I expected a lot more. The next time I am in Madrid, I will find another hotel to stay in.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They thought of everything! Great litle hotel in the heart of Madrid. Small rooms, but all that is necessary. Ample closets with trouser press - perfect for travelers. In-room safe, stereo CD, hairdryer, coffee service, even a free minibar! Marble bathroom with large vanity and magnifying mirror. Water was immediately hot with full pressure. Our room had a delightful terrace overlooking Madrid's rooftops. Front desk personnel were knowledgeable and very helpful. We loved it!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ditto.. pretty good but not amazing I booked this hotel based on all the 5 stars that were awarded to it on this site. Having stayed there, I don't know why it's rated so highly - it's a satisfactory hotel, no more. It is very central but it's the equivalent of staying in Picadilly Square, London or Times Square, London: move a few minutes further out and you will find nicer/quieter areas. If you come out of this hotel and turn left, you'll see all the prostitutes standing on the street - it doesn't feel unsafe but it doesn't look nice either.We initially were given a room right on second floor, right on the corner. The noise from the v. heavy traffic on the street was horrendous. Luckily they had a room free on the 7th floor and we moved there, that was quiet. My friend had a room facing the internal atrium - quiet but very small. We didn't eat at the hotel so I can't comment on this. Housekeeping is erratic: old food trays and sheets left outside room until late in the evening, sometimes they forgot to refill our fridge. There are also complimentary drinks left at Reception but these go quite quickly. Madrid is a compact city and v. easy to get around so I recommend staying a little further out, that should get you something a little more charming.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ponymad
<Content>Happy with Late choice I decided to move my booking to the Senator grand Via when my other choice for a better location, the Vincci Soho could not honour a twin room. Amazing in Spain because I have never even when I wanted it managed to get 1 big bed. Booked through Laterooms and had no problem at check in although initially told breakfast was not included. Sorted with no problem. The staff had great English, shame as I wanted to practice my Spanish! We had free Cava every night in reception, which we took up to our room. If the bottles not open just ask. Also free fruit to help yourself to which was a nice touch. In comparision to other capital cities in Europe this hotel is excellent for service and room amenities. The ladies of the night are there with the police in good numbers right outside the hotel but I was there with my mother and we had no problems. The room was amazingly quiet with good insulation although I know they are not of American size. Dont forget to ask for bathrobes, which are available with no problem. Brought within 5 mins on request. We did have a couple of problems, with the air conditioning and the toilet running all the time. Rang reception and a nice chap came to sort out very quickly. Couldnt understand how to get the hotel to pick us up on their transfer bus on arrival, found the stop but although I rang them they couldnt tell me what time it would pick up. The transfer back was great and did cost just 6e. Breakfast was great. Didnt mind the coffee, in fact my problem was finding someone to give me a top up. The omelette chef is good, I always like to see someone do this at hotels, and always think cold scrambled eggs in those bain maries are rubbish. She will also do eggs any way you want.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff, Great Hotel I just spent 6 days at the Senator and everything was as described by the other excellent reviews. The room was small but, by European standards, the bath was huge and well stocked with soaps, shampoos and etc. I asked for a high room with a balcony and was rewarded with room 808 which not only had a balcony but also a great deck with table and chairs and a tremendous view over the city. Breakfast was excellent, and I recommend that it be included with your room. Staff was very friendly and helpful and spoke English a lot better than I spoke Spanish. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sticklegs
<Content>excellent location We have just got back from a 4 night break in Madrid. The hotel is very central with the metro outside the front door of the hotel. We were a little disappointed with the size of our room. The room was extremely small and when I asked for a larger room we were told they were all much the same. The amenities however were excellent. Tea and coffee facilities and a fridge containing soft drinks and beer which was all free. This was restocked daily. The breakfast was very good with an excellent selection of items. Unfortunately the breakfast staff cannot smile and walk around with gloomy faces. This should not put you off the plentiful breakfast. The bar was always busy and had a good menu and cocktails. The staff were happier looking and actually spoke to you. On the whole I would recommend this hotel if you do not mind small bedrooms.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good but not amazing We stayed at the Senator Gran Via for two nights in mid-March 2006. We booked after reading the reviews, expecting something quite special, as it was my partner's birthday. The hotel is very nice and clean with as some other guests have noted, some nice touches. However I'm not sure I'd agree that the staff were particularly friendly. They were perfectly adequate for check in and out etc but not particulalry friendly we felt. The staff at breakfast in particular seemed quite surly. The breakfast is certainly quite good as many have remarked, and there did seem to be some sort of cooked-to-order chef but it was really hard in general to work out what was on offer and how it all worked, and the staff weren't paticularly helpful. On the first morning they made no attempt to seat us and then when we sat in a booth laid for three, a waitress rushed over and moved us to a table for two, despite the restaurant being fairly empty. The individual dishes were generally of high quality, particulalry the cold meats, but as another author notes the coffee was revolting. As for the complimentary sparkling wine, the first day the bottle was empty and then not replaced, on the second, there was one unopen bottle. The rooms as warned above were really quite small, perhaps smaller than we expected. Yes, the location is very good, although to be fair there are lots of hotels around and there are lots of parts of central Madrid that would be good to be close to, so I'm not sure whether having to walk 5 mins versus 2 mins is any real huge advantage. Location wise you are right on the side steet full of rent boys and prostitutes, and there really are much nice roads all around the area, it seems that that side road is the worst. In terms of shopping, well, if HMs and Zara floatyour boat then it's pretty good but the better shops were further north-East in Serrano. The location is prtty good for Cheuca though to be fair. We stayed in Madrid later in the week at another central hotel (the Plaza Mayor - see separate review) for only 79 euros/night and although smaller and not as classy if you are really value location over hotel quality then this hotel is fine.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>John Gilmore
<Content>Hmmmm..... HmmmArrived very late due to flight delays and the only person on duty (who spoke no English) took a lot of convincing that I had a booking. It took several conversations on my mobile to LateRooms in UK to sort it out, and even then they tried very hard to charge for breakfast on my inclusive rate (another call to LateRooms required).The TV and room safe were over 5 feet off the floor and the TV pointed away from the bed. Really rubbish coffee at breakfast though the rest of the food was OK. The wifi in my room didn't work and I had to spend hours talking to reception staff (who knew nothing about the wifi) and calling Berlin (!!) (the service is not controlled from the hotel - a ludicrous example of outsourcing) (they put my Berlin phone calls on my bill!!!) before it was established that the wifi in that room was Kaput so they had to move me. Almost a whole working day wasted.Plus side: great central location, exceptionally well soundproofed. Very good inexpensive lunch at the Cuidad de Tui down the road worth running the gauntlet of the hookers lining the street (not really as tacky as it sounds, but the general Puerto Sol area can be scary at night). Apart from the booking and wifi fiascos the staff were fine. Would wtay again but would want to see room first.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>claresimpson
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed at the Senator Gran Via on the 16th and 17th March 2006. The hotel is one of the best 4 star hotels I have stayed at and has some lovely 5 star touches such as the free mini bar and the free dental and shaving kits in the bathroom.They also offer free fruit and some drinks beside the reception desk.Room 206 is a decent size with a large wrap-around balcony overlooking the Gran Via.There is a good police presence in the area and if you are a couple you will be ignored by the working girls. If you do find the street where the girls are (Calle Montera) not to your taste then walk up the Gran Via to Calle Carmen/Calle Preciados (2 minutes walk) and turn down one of them to get to Plaza del Sol.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IainSpain
<Content>A great place to stay! I have just returned from a 3 night stay in the Senator Gran Via. I thought the hotel was excellent and thoroughly deserving of a TripAdvisor 5 star customer satisfaction rating. The staff were extremely helpful at all times. Any request made to them was handled professionally and politely. We stayed in a very nice room on a high floor. The room was not huge, but it had everything a traveller could ask for (including a free mini bar). The area around the Gran Via is very good for shopping and sight seeing, with most of the major attractions within a 15 minute walk. I would recommend paying for the bus tours but would advise all travellers to stay away from eating out in some of the more popular tourist areas. The Plaza Mayor is very nice, but the food in the cafes/restaurants leaves a lot to be desired. One word of caution, be very careful with your belongings, particularly if you are eating out. Make sure that you keep your bags in sight at all times. Our group had two very near misses. The thieves there seem to be targeting cafes and shops for easy pickings. Overall though a fantastic stay, I will certainly be going back to the Gran Via on my next trip back.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab hotel I have just returned from a stay at the Senator Gran Via Hotel, Madrid, which was an excellent choice. From the friendly, helpful and efficient staff and the central location to the free mini bar and the excellent sound-proofing from the busy street below, I could not fault it.Ladies (and gents) watch your bags - petty theft is rife here, more so than in any other major city I have visited. I would advise you not to bother eating in the expensive Plaza Mayor - we had possibly the worst meal I have ever eaten. Stick to the restaurants and tapas bars populated by the locals away from the main tourist areas and I guarantee you'll get value for money.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mac2kGibraltar
<Content>Excellent Just returned from a weekend in Madrid where we stayed at the Senator Gran Via Hotel. This hotel is excellent in every respect. The location is very central to Puerto del Sol, Plaza Mayor, Gran Via Street.The hotel staff are friendly, english speaking and extremely helpful with restaurant bookings and advice.Our room was on a top floor with a large balcony overlooking Gran Via. The room has everything you could possibly need and yes the mini bar is free and is stocked up daily. The beds were very comfortable and they even give you the option of various types of pillows!I cannot fault this hotel in any way.The area is well policed but beware of pickpockets in restaurants where they will sit behind you with a large coat over the back of their chair in an attempt to relieve you of your bag! Can highly recommend the Madrid Cathedral bar for an excellent lunch for 鈧?.50 - you won't believe the lunch you get.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for 2 nights 20 -21st Feb. Great rooms, ours had balcony overlooking Gran Via. Electrically reclinable beds, which were supremely comfortable, great decor, free mini-bar, air-con, sat tv, CD radio, everything you need and more. Location is superb. Only setback was on departure. Booked a shuttle bus to the airport through the hotel and were told to wait out front for it. Bus didn't show and eventually found out the shuttle stop was around the corner. Porter said to wait and he would sort it. Found him few minutes later helping someone else with their bags and had to just jump in a taxi or we would have missed the flight. Apart from this small blot did not have a single complaint. Highly recommended.(Especialy when you get to see Arsenal beat Real Madrid at the Bernabeu).  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect location we stayed at the gran via for three nights from 12 to 15 february. Room was very small, but larger ones were available so next time we would ask for one of these. The location was fantastic, a short stroll to puerta del sol and the plaza mayor. We found the staff really helpful and everyone spoke great english. We didn't eat in the hotel, but had more than one leisurely drink in the bar looking out onto the busy street. They serve lovely snacks here and free tapas and crisps. although the area was very busy at night, when we shut the window we barely heard the traffic. They run a courtesy bus to the airport for 6euro each, make sure you book the previous day. Much better than the 40 euro we ended up paying from the airport to our hotel! We fully intend going back to the denator gran via.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Buckshee
<Content>Great Hotel - Excellent location Stayed here for 3 nights in early February. Metro brought us direct from the airport to the hotels front door for 鈧? which was great. Very central location, literally a stroll to everything you might want to see. Breakfast was included and this was very good with a good selection of everything you would expect. Free mini bar in the room, mostly soft drinks and juices but also a couple of beers which was nice. We had a corner room which had two balconies and overlooked the Gran via. The room ws very spacious and airy but judging from the fire escape map it was bigger than most. The hotel is very well maintained and the staff couldn't be more polite and helpful. Other posters have complained about the ladies of the night loitering nearby but they won't cause you any annoyance whatsoever. Highly recomended. If we ever go back to Madrid we'll be returning to this hotel for sure.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CACTeam
<Content>Couldn't Fault It! As group organiser of 22 friends and colleagues, we arrived at this hotel on 18th February for a three night stay.I had checked out reviews on Trip Advisor and at the time of choosing and booking it, it ranked 17 out of the 358 listed. It is now ranked #1 and it certainly deserves this high award!I had given the hotel our room requirements with a combination of single, twin and triple rooms. We arrived late evening with everyone tired from the journey but Reception had our room keys in envelopes ready for us to go straight to our rooms. They even gave me a list of my party with all the room numbers so that I could contact them easily if I knew where they all were! I was impressed!Standards are very high with an impressive breakfast of just about everything you could want! Even though reviewers on this site had said a free minibar was available, we still couldn't quite believe it until we were told at Reception that everything was free. Rooms were clean and well-serviced. With 22 of us, it was inevitable that some rooms maybe lacked an extra towel or someone wanted an extra blanket. Upon request, these small matters were dealt with expeditiously and no-one in my party had any complaint with the hotel. Quite a feat I'd say!The local ladies did not bother us and the general Police presence in Madrid was most reassuring.A beautiful city deserves a beautiful hotel and this is it! We'll certainly return here!One final note - if you are looking for something really special to do in Madrid, visit walksofspain and book the wonderful walk around the old town with a five course meal taken (complete with wines) between three different hostelries. You won't regret it!!It was the highlight of our trip.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks for the tips A somewhat belated posting as we stayed at this hotel in September 2005. We chose it based on the reviews of other posters to this site and were not disappointed. A word of warning however - we booked through an internet site which we thought was the Senator Gran Via, but was actually a booking agency. When we arrived we were informed that we had cancelled our reservation. This coming on top of a long flight from Australia and one suitcase not arriving, did not bode well. However, a room was found, and we were more than happy with it - Room 806 on the 8th Floor overlooking the roof tops at the back of the hotel (opposite side to Gran Via). We had a large balcony (with a large air con unit outside - but this did not bother us). The room was average size and the free bar fridge was a great bonus. Great location - you can walk everywhere. Staff were so helpful. We did not breakfast at the hotel, but found places locally to eat. The ladies of the night were not a problem, but added some interest to the locality. We'd stay again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Antnio Trindade
<Content>Stayed at this Hotel during the FITUR Fair Stayed at this Hotel during the FITUR Fair and understand why is is so well positioned in the ranking . Well located, nice rooms and very good breakfast make this hotel one of my favourite in Madrid. When back to this wonderful city, I will return for sure to Senator Gran Via.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MileyMoo
<Content>A pleasant stay       Drinking champaigne in the lobby  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location Great hotel, in the middle of the Gran Via! A central location, perect for shopping or explorig the old city! Yes, there are some Ladies of the evening around, but there is definite police presence and the one street can easily be avoided. As a woman traveling alone, I did not feel the least bit uneasy! My room faced out on the Gran Via and the little balconies and the views are fantastic! The room wasn't large, but well designed with many amenities. In room internet, large bathroom, CD player, stocked fridge, pillow menu, nice fluffy duvets - great value for price at this hotel. The room was exceptionally clean and the only drawback of the hotel was dining in the hotel. Food was bland and there is only formal dining and no casual dining. But there are so many restaurants and other places to go, it is not an issue...  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! Great Hotel! We chose this hotel based on location and price. We arrived in the morning(way before check-in) and the staff was very accomodating-they gave us a room on the top floor with a terrace. My husband and I were very impressed with the size of the room and bathroom, although I will say that the bed was very hard! The breakfast was nothing to write home about. Meats, fruit, pastries and cereal-I'm not sure if it was worth the extra money. I recommend finding a cafe or restaurant to eat breakfeast, you'll get about the same stuff for half the price! The staff was friendly and helpful and spoke about 85% English. However, the location was perfect! We didn't get in a cab or use the subway once! I read some reviews talking about the Ladies of the Night situation and yes, I did see them on the street that runs next to the hotel. However, they really don't bother anybody and I felt perfectly safe. I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SAHM88
<Content>Excellent Location, Good Value Situated along Gran Via, the hotel is ideally located for shopping and sightseeing in Old  Bourbon Madrid.Accros is a Mc Donald, and probably, the most policed square of Madrid. Thats because it is a pick-up point of hookers. Dont know if McD had anything to do with it.In all, it was not threatening nor annoying.Hotel was clean, comfortable. New room, nice staf, relatively good breakfast. Metro right in front.All minibar consumptions were on the house.We would book again in this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with a view This was a much more comfortable and well-appointed hotel than expected! Our double room was huge and had a little balcony with a nice view along the Gran Via. The staff were also helpful and polite.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bien, Bien for the Gran Via Spent 3 wonderful nights at the Gran Via in November--We wish it could have been more. Centrally located in the heart of Madrid--where you are able to catch the essence of the busy Spanish city.The rooms are larger than other european hotels and the bathrooms are updated and big. We were suprised how quiet our room was at night, because the traffic and action on the streets below never seems to stop.The working girls along ave. La Montera make for colorful landscape, but do not bother anyone who is not interested.We recommend a Cuban restaurant that we found in walking distance called La Negra Tomaso. Delicious affordable food and a fun atmosphere. Be sure to eat the complimentary breakfast the hotel offers and to use the Free mini-bar in the room. These extra perks, combined with the lovely room, make this property a Must for anyone who needs a place to stay in Madrid.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally Won Over by the Comfort  We booked at the Senator Gran Via for our final 2 days in Spain based on the reviews at Tripadvisor. I have to admit that initally I was disappointed in the hotel -- there is not much of a lobby area and it seemed just a little seedy and in need of a facelift. Also, we had asked for a room with a double bed instead of 2 beds pushed together. In Spain, this is typically a room for an individual and I found it too small for a couple -- especially since one of us (me) travels with a huge suitcase. I went down to the desk and they showed me another room -- I had to convince my boyfriend to move since he was already unpacked and comfortable. While not all that much larger, the second room had a much better feel and I was pleased with it -- the decor, the little balcony, and the amenities. My impressions of the hotel improved from there.First of all, we had the absolute most comfortable bed I have had anywhere, complete with a choice of pillow sizes (a pillow menu is in the room and they immediately brought my pillow order) and controls to adjust the bed to a sitting position. Also, the shower in the bathroom had super water pressure and was also the best we experienced on our trip. The lighting in the room and bathroom was excellent, and I especially appreciated the reading lamps by the bed.The desk staff was marvelous and all spoke perfect English. There was some confusion about the rate -- I had booked thru an on-line travel service (not at their website, my mistake) and saw a better rate for our first night on their website before I left. I had emailed them about it, but had not received a response. The wonderful young man at the front desk suggested we check in and relax. When I next went down, he informed me that he had spoken to the Manager and adjusted the rate. We paid 103 euros the first night and 118 for the second (a weekend night). The rates included a very good breakfast buffet.Oh, I should also mention that there is a shuttle bus to the airport (6 euros/person) that stops at the hotel hourly.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay.       View from balcony  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ronco
<Content>Gran Via Grand Hotel This is a good quality hotel in a very central location, helpfull staff and good clean rooms with excelent facilities. It is well located for all amenities. Don't turn left out of the hotel as there is a lot of hookers on the street leading to port del sol however go up a block and you miss them. Would definatley stay again as it was very good value for money  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Spencertraveller
<Content>excellent!!!!!! stay there! Superb - from the minute I walked in. Fab service, staff, spoke english (SURPRISING FOR MADRID!) and got my request of high floor. You cant beat location - superb and centrally located indeed.Room was big and nice bed, quite firm and a free mini-bar - YES! you read right, a free mini bar ! Very clean indeed and nice, comfortable indeed. Drawbacks- regardless of whether its one person in a room, a hotel should NEVER place one towel in a bathroom. Breakfast is quite big indeed and nice.When next in Madrid, I will be staying here!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>charming hotel We have just returned from Madrid at the Senator Gran Via. The hotel is lovely and It麓s in the heart of this noisy cityTenerfe, Spain  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GrayokExplorer
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location The hotel was well-situated for walking and taking the subway. The amenities of the hotel were worth the expense. Also, the rooms on the top floor were breath-taking and worth the additional expense to have the balcony. The hotel is on a busy intersection. Beware that if you are walking to the hotel in the evening you will have to walk a gauntlet of prostitutes and scam-artists. Don't pay them any attention and get to your destination and all will be okay! I always felt safe in the area despite the unwanted nightly burlesque shows!!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Senator Gran Via gets our vote! We stayed at the Senator Gran Via for a week at the very end of September, 2005. We selected it after spending many hours online and in guidebooks, trying to find just the right place to stay for our first trip to Spain. The reviews posted here were a big factor, and they were right on target - thanks to all who posted. We really enjoyed our stay at the Senator Gran Via and our time in Madrid.Positives about the hotel: Easy online booking at their website, very quiet rooms despite being in a lively area; free minibar (water, beer, soda); friendly staff that spoke English; super clean rooms; large bathroom with good water pressure and plenty of hot water; and a great location close to Puerta del Sol and Plaza Mayor and right next to the super easy-to-use subway.Not quite as positive: The waitstaff at breakfast weren't overly friendly or helpful; the area around the hotel had a number of ladies of the evening (we counted 33 our last afternoon!) but they weren't really bothersome and that situation is out of the control of the hotel; and....nothing more than that.We paid the extra money for the breakfast and found it to be a nice option. Our Spanish is very limited and it was much easier to eat there than to try and find a cafe and order first thing in the morning. The breakfast included pastries, fruits, cheeses, sliced meats etc. Other things we enjoyed on our Spain trip include: day trips via bus to Toledo and Segovia (we like Segovia better, but both were neat), great sangria in a cave bar near the Botin restaurant, the Royal Palace guided tour; and the Madrid Vision bus tours. With our phrase book, we got along just fine even though we barely speak any Spanish. Overall, a great hotel in a great place to visit!! They even sent up a bottle of champagne and a basket of fruit when they found our we were there to celebrate our anniversary! We were impressed.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Orangecrush2
<Content>Good Hotel Great hotel and rooms. Really enjoyed it, only had one issue. We came in early (flights from US tend to get in around 9am or so) and they gave us a room right away, but it was a handicap room with no bath...just a shower. We were fine with this because they said the hotel was booked and that was the only one available. No problem, but what was odd was that during our three night stay there was no one in the room next store (our bathroom window overlooked that room and its balcony) and the hotel didn't seem booked at all. It was not really a problem, because the room and balcony were great, and location is wonderful for exploring the city. I was just was looking forward to a nice bath after the long trip from Los Angeles!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CaptainH
<Content>A great hotel on the Great Way       During your trip, consider a visit to the museo naval (no photos inside).  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ansol
<Content>Excelent Facility! My wife and I (couple in the 50's) stayed at this hotel On September 9 and 10 2005. The location is so convenient, the rooms, general facilities and personnel were excellent. They helped us with honest reservations and with all kind of help.Room 701 was always clean and perfectly fixed. Breakfast really good.Location is perfect and close to the main attractions.Metro station right there!You pay a bit more but is worthy.In summary, an excellent experience. Top service!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Senator Gran Via We arrived Senator Gran Via on Wednesday, September 14, 2005, and stayed 2 nights. We decided to take a Taxi from the airport which cost 9 Euro a person. The subway is 1 Euro a person and the entrance is right at the Senator Gran Via Lobby. We found the hotel staff friendly and helpful. In the hallway between the reception desk and the glass elevators is a table filled with fresh fruit , juices and other refreshing beverages, compliments of Senator Gran Via.The 2 glass elevators which lead to the rooms ascend up an atrium which has hanging plants on every floor. There is a waterfall that cascades alongside a white marble staircase which leads to the restaurant where the buffet breakfast is served in the mornings. This idea reminded us of a beautuful grand atrium aboard an magificent cruise ship.Staff gave us a fabulous third floor room with a spectacular view of Gran Via. We truly enjoyed the marble bathroom with its wonderful amenities such as shower gels, shampoos, and lotions. The free beverage mini-bar, reclinning beds, and soundproof balcony doors thrilled us. Even more, the absolutely shocking cleanliness and outstanding location brought much joy.If we are blessed to return to Madrid, we will stay at the Senator Gran Via. This hotel should be in the tripadvisor top ten. We most strongly recommend this outstanding hotel to anyone who sojourns in Madrid.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ml3369
<Content>Excellent hotel with impeccable service Thanks to other reviewers foir recommending this hotel. We stayed for two nights and found it an excellent choice. Good rooms, excellent staff and a great location. The double-glazing is very effective at keeping out the noise from the bustle of the street below, but it's nice to be able to look out on Gran Via and get the atmosphere of the city.Take the option that includes breakfast, as its very good.Free mini-bar is a lovely touch, and all the staff were efficient and friendly.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DMinBoston
<Content>Excellent! Best hotel in Madrid.       bathroom  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thefinns
<Content>2nd Visit - equally as good Having stayed here in May 2004, we decided to have a long bank holiday weekend at the Senator to take advantage of the excellent rates (85 Euros per room per night including breakfast - booked on hotels own website) and the cheap fares with easyjet.We asked for a non-smoking room looking out on the Gran Via if possible - we got a non-smoking room, looking onto Gran Via with a balcony!The room was a bit smaller than previously, but very clear and very comfortable. The breakfast was excellent - but if not included in your price you could eat much more economically in one of the many cafes nearby (Zahara for instance).The area is a bit seedy witha few prostitutes around - but they are not threatening and the police are always around. The Gran Via is noisy but what do you come to a capital city for?Unlike the previous correspondent out aircon worked very well and the staff have always been very helpful with the few queries we have made of them.I have stayed in 5 hotels in Madrid and would fully recommend the Senator. Try also the Senator in Barcelona if you are staying there - a little far out (near the Camp Neu) but a good hotel and a nice area.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jimbeaux
<Content>worst stay in years The Gran Via seemed like a good value. We booked on the internet at around $140 for a basic room for 2. But they gave us a room with broken A/C and said they couldn't give us a different one. It was too late to change hotels, so we literally sweated out a sleepless night in a 85-90(!) degree room. Anyone who travels a lot knows accidents happen, but they wouldn't even discount the room. (You couldn't have paid me to stay in a room like that.) Also, the neighborhood seems a little sketchy. I think it's safe enough, but the number of prostitutes hanging out along Calle de la Montera made my companion a bit uncomfortable. Apparently, the street is known for it.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Platypus
<Content>Thanks for the reviews! We are so grateful to everyone who sends their reviews. We were traveling to Madrid and had never been to the city, so we relied on the opinions posted here. We were looking for a hotel to accomodate my husband and I and our 2 girls in one room, and we booked a family room at the Gran Via. We thought that this was nicer and roomier than our hotels in London and Paris. We had a wonderful room on the 8th floor with a beautiful terrace. It was fun to watch the busy pedestrian traffic on a Saturday night, but also enjoy the views of the city and quiet when we closed the terrace doors. The free mini bar was a hit with us, considering the summer heat and the expense of traveling with a family. The hotel was so convenient that we were able to walk everywhere, including Retiro Park, Salamanca, the Royal Palace and the Plaza Mayor. We enjoyed all of the great shopping and eating in the city, but we were happy to return to the hospitality of the Gran Via during the heat of the day. The front desk staff was very accomodating and helpful, from shopping tips to airport transportation, they were kind enough to help us despite our need for English translation. The neighborhood does get very busy at night and the ladies of the evening were out in full force, but we would definitely recommend this hotel for its beauty, economy and great service. Be sure and ask for a terrace room!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romance  I stayed here for four nights with my partner. What a great place to stay and what an amazing room we had. It was on the 8th floor and had a huge terrace on which to sunbathe and enjoy the magnificent sights of Madrid. The terrace was equipped with sun loungers and table and chairs. The room itself was quite small but the huge terrace more than made up for it. The staff were all friendly and spoke many languages. There was one small problem with the shower that was put right within minutes by the maintenance men. The location was superb and if you need the metro it is right outside the hotel. The free mini bar was great and complementary fruit in the foyer was also a plus! All in all a really nice place to stay and made Marid a memorable romantic holiday!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star service and value at a 3 star price! The hotel is a great value in Madrid if not all of Europe. The management understands how to build a customer focused hotel. The greeting from the reception (front office) is excellent with multilingual staff EAGER to please. The rooms are spacious, and all have energy efficient bulbs (a real plus) for an environmentally concious traveller. The hotel features high speed internet in all rooms for a reasonable charge. There is also high speed wireless internet on the second floor for less, but it currently is only available on the second floor and public areas.If you book through the internet make sure that you get the rate with breakfast included; it is a full breakfast (meats, cheeses, breads, cereals, fruits, and made to order omelettes). The free minibar including beer, non-alcoholic beer, coke, coke light, fanta, mineral water, and regular water is excellent. It is refilled daily, and the rooms are cleaned at least 1x if not more per day.The bar staff is perhaps the hotel's only area of weakness. I waited over 15 minutes for service, and finally left. The area has plenty of resteraunts, and is frequented by young professionals. It is a great value, and the staff makes it an excellent idea to stay here.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trust the Reviews on this one - a Winner We stayed four nights with a group of 18 people we were leading, and I agree with the previous reviews. It was our group's favorite hotel in Spain. The service staff was exceptional, a real contrast to the much more indifferent attitude of the Tryp Apollo in Barcelona. These folks really did go the extra mile. You can't beat the location, but the busy street would have been a problem if the recent renovation hadn't installed the most effective soundproofing (2 separate double-paned windows separated by an airspace) I have ever had in a hotel room. We were on the 1st floor on the Gran Via, and the traffic was inaudible. Yes, the prostitutes are very numerous on one of the nearby blocks, but the street is safe and active. On the other hand there is a truly excellent, new and chic restaurant a half-block away, and an excellent internet cafe across the street. The lobby is small, and the room air conditioning is not my favorite type - instead of being always on, it cycles on and off like central heating, meaning it goes from too warm to too cold. Use the ceiling fan at the lowest speed to avoid having to set the room temperature too low.If you can book a room here and are visiting the Prado and vicinity, search no more. Our local guides confirmed that this is a #1 choice.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Gran Via       Looking up from the balcony  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More than a five star   showReview(3461729, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>richrj3
<Content>Great Hotel!       Photo from my hotel window  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Everitt
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(3085126, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mabel_Madison
<Content>Superb hotel in a prime location   showReview(2992887, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value   showReview(2829176, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bishopdds
<Content>Loved it   showReview(2814138, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hawxylady
<Content>Great location, great hotel.   showReview(2174976, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Finally a real four star hotel   showReview(1887366, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, totally new hotel!   showReview(1439228, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ninni7
<Content>Un buon hotel       tv  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>rubis9421
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien situ茅 et relativement agr茅able   showReview(17842101, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>coachteam
<Content>Siempre volvemos al mismo       Vistas desde la habitaci贸n  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Las peque帽as deficiencias que...   showReview(17965363, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>didoNapoli
<Content>scarsa       camera  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>oravla
<Content>Un hotel delizioso   showReview(14984130, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>colgao77
<Content>un hotel de categoria       ba帽o(el aseo al lado)  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Duegatti
<Content>Soggiorno perfetto!   showReview(14094259, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>PVMLE
<Content>el mejor trato en Fitur   showReview(13850496, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>srwilson
<Content>Hotel recomendado   showReview(13674621, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Izhara
<Content>Inmejorable situaci贸n   showReview(11906489, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Benjamin_28
<Content>Un agr茅able lieu de s茅jour !       La c茅l猫bre Gran Via depuis le balcon de la chambre 607  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DALMAU
<Content>Excelente hotel   showReview(8839824, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ComoVirg
<Content>Comodo e confortevole       Ihnterno  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈汇儕銉堛兗銉兓銉涖儐銉兓銈般儵銉炽兇銈ｃ偄   showReview(19163691, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oreste92
<Content>Provare per credere   showReview(8534988, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Benra
<Content>Magnifico Hotel   showReview(8442273, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>melito_7
<Content>Hemos estado en Diciembre de 2002,2003,2005 y si Dios quiere estaremos del 5 al   showReview(8072595, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jreal
<Content>Hotel encantador en pleno centro   showReview(7771736, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Diegchen
<Content>Todo perfecto   showReview(7695322, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TROYABEL
<Content>El hotel con m谩s encanto que he visitado en Madrid   showReview(7685567, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AMAYA90
<Content>No me gust贸 nada   showReview(7402590, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>gordillo
<Content>Muy buen servicio y alimentaci贸n   showReview(6024339, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Menorca2006
<Content>Un poco agobiante.   showReview(6002805, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu de莽u   showReview(11356893, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>viewsonic123
<Content>Contratiempos dentro del hotel    showReview(5508528, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

