<Author>cadunne
<Content>Perfect start to a perfect honeymoon Having trawled Trip Advisor for our ideal hotel I came across Ca Maria Adele, how glad I am that I did. We started our honeymoon in Venice with 3 nights stay here and it was perfect. Everything from the welcome drinks and snacks, to beer on the roof terrace on a warm evening, the fantastic room (The Fireplace Room), gorgeous breakfast, the personal notes every night, and indeed one that arrived the morning after we returned from Italy. We loved it. Yes it's expensive, for us anyway, but we wouldn't stay anywhere else in Venice now. Go enjoy and savour every moment of peace and tranquility amongst the heat and bustle of Venice.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrusk05
<Content>Absolutely perfect       The terrace  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mtjwatts
<Content>A true Venician Gem I booked this for a short getaway for my wifes birthday, this truly is a wonderful hotel in a superb location within minutes of the main sites of Venice. The rooms are excellent, ours had a view of Ca Maria Della Salute across the canal and was beautifully decorated.The staff were always willing to help, either by recommending restaurants or places to see, or by making arrangements for you. Its always the little things that really make the difference and here the attention to detail made it for us, from the wine and biscuits when we arrived to the breakfasts brought to the room every morning.Our friends recommended this hotel to us and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it on to other friends.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HendleyandBlythe
<Content>Great Escape We stayed at this great little hotel for 3 nights to celebrate my wife's birthday (minus the kids). Delightfully discreet and luxurious in the most terrific location. Its very close to the grand canal and San Marco but feels pleasantly separate from the tourist throng. We were upgraded on arrival to one of the themed rooms (Chinese) which was beautifully furnished and comfortable. Staff were friendly and attentive but not obtrusive. Quality and choice at breakfast was very good. Definitely one of the best hotels we've stayed in and would love to return.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>butchertravel
<Content>Absolute perfection across the board! My husband and I just returned from a wonderful 3 week trip to Europe. Our trip ended in Beautiful Venice at the Ca Maria Adele situated on the quiet, clean and quaint Dursoduro district just across from San Marco. I cannot say enough good things about this precious boutique hotel. The accommodations are luxurious and elegant in every way. We enjoyed two rooms during our stay. The first three nights we stayed in Suite 336 with the modern jacuzzi bath at the foot of the bed. We stayed in the Oriental themed room on the final night. The rooms were very different but both were simply perfect - large comfortable kind sized beds, cozy linens and well appointed bathrooms. The common areas of the hotel are stunning as well. Everything you would expect from a top-notch resort, hotel or BB plus more! Ca Maria Adele has set the standard in modern luxury, without going overboard or being pretentious. In addition to the perfect rooms, the service and staff were outstanding. Our every request was met with superb results, whether it was restaurant recommendations, cultural suggestions or simple a great Gelato shop. The staff in particular were extremely impressive. The location is absolutely perfect as well. Away from the crowds, yet close enough to get to any of the main attractions within a few minutes. I highly recommend this area of Venice, opposed to San Marco, which is where you will of course, spend a lot of your time anyway. I can't wait to return to this hidden gem!My husband and I have stayed at many fine hotels, resorts, inns and bb's around the world. If I was asked to give feedback on the Maria Adele, I simple would give nothing but high marks. It's simply perfect.To top it off, the included breakfast, served everyday in any area of the hotel you wish, is sumptuous, diverse and leaves you feeling extremely satisfied.My hat's off to this beautiful, well run, perfect oasis, in the heart of Venice.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gosforth_Ultra
<Content>Staggeringly Good Hotel What a place!! It's difficult to know where to start with Ca Maria Adele - myself and my partner (now wife - this was our honeymoon!) have stayed in many a hotel all over the world and I would have to say that this was the very best. Venice, is of course an astonishing city and the hotel occupies one of the best locations - right next to the Salute church in a lovely, quiet district, far from the madding crowd!The decor inside, including the rooms is beautiful - all very opulent but far removed from the 'chintz' that seems to pre-occupy the thoughts of a few of the city's hotels. The breakfasts each morning were equally brilliant and really set us up for the day but where the hotel really sets itself apart is the service.I won't spoil some of the more 'obvious' touches for guests, other than to say that every request was met in an efficient and friendly manor and the staff really sought to go the extra mile (cliched I know!).The restaurant recommendations they gave to us were first class and I can highly recommend asking for a tip of two as to where to eat and all round we were made to feel really special.For a special occasion (it is a splurge, undoubtedly!) it cannot be beaten - truly memorable place.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Linzerfan
<Content>Perfect stay in Venice       View of outdoor terrace from back  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BillNoble
<Content>Simply Perfect Everything about this hotel is perfect. The rooms, staff, room service, and location couldn't be faulted. This is an intimate hotel in a quiet part of Venice. St Mark's Square is just a few minutes away by Water Bus. There are only two reasons not to stay at Ca Maria Adele that I can think of: (1) It is expensive, (2) You like large impersonal hotels. Venice is a phenomenally expensive city but of all of our expenses the hotel was by far the best value for money. We stayed in the Fireside room for the first night and loved the lapping of the water just inches below our windows. It was light and airy with a fabulous walk-in shower. For the next two nights we stayed in the Doge's room. Opulent, luscious, deep red walls with a fabulous light and bright en-suite with two massive windows onto the street outside. When we arrived we were given two gigantic glasses of Prosecco and some Venetian biscuits while our room was prepared and the lighting adjusted just so for maximum impact. The hotel was an oasis of calm after hours of walking through the crowded streets of Venice.Of all our meals out the best by far was at the Linea D'Ombra restaurant, which the hotel recommends. We had a drink on the terrace overlooking the canal and then retired inside to the contemporary dining room for the meal. The staff were attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable. The food was very good and I would give it 8/10. It is however impossible to judge the restaurant on value for money because every meal and drink we had was exorbitantly priced. It was at least twice as much as we would normally pay for a meal of that quality (拢225 for 2 with a single glass of wine each).Surprisingly one of the best cafe drinks we had was in St Mark's Square. 拢9 for a hot chocolate for 1! But the second best hot chocolate I have ever had and it was worth it to watch the snakes of tourists get entangled as they tried to negotiate their way between tourist attractions.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TJCNewcastleuponTyne
<Content>a fantasic birthday in venice we stayed at the Ca Maria Adele for a couple of nights recently (minus children). The hotel is beautiful - close to everything (1 minute from Salute vaporetto stop on the Grand Canal, and a short walk from the Zattere) but very peaceful. The Hotel worked out from my passport that it was my birthday, and when we went to breakfast we were met with champagne and fresh berries served on rose petals. They also booked us into a local restaurant that evening, and I was then presented with a candle (and a rendition of happy birthday) with my pudding. Charming, quietly opulent and thoughtful - an excellent place for a romantic special occasion - will go back. AAC, Newcastle  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>womspir
<Content>Venice Apartment Loved this little apartment in Venice. It was centrally located near the Jewish Ghetto. Complete with air conditioning, TV, kitchen. The refrigerator as well as the pantry were well stocked with goodies. Christian  Lorenzo were very helpful and explained all of the amenities. Christian was especially helpful when there was a rail strike. He came over to provide whatever help we needed. Venice was beautiful even in the heat of summer!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Porpex
<Content>As Charming as Venice Itself We were in Venice for a charity function, and decided to forego the grand hotels of Venice like the Gritti and the Bauer and try out this smaller, relatively new boutique place instead, and I'm so very glad that we did. It's away from the occasionally maddening heart of the city, but still conveniently close to all the major tourist destinations. And the place is steeped in charm! The downstairs library is stunningly designed, with overstuffed chairs and whimsical sconces over the fireplace; the terrace where we breakfasted is like a room in a Moorish palace, with giant, overstuffed cushions and ornate tapestry. And the room managed to navigate the line between wildly chic and incredibly comfortable at the same time (and the views from our windows were gorgeous.) The staff was always eager to oblige any request, and the owners even stopped by to inquire if our stay was all we hoped (and brought their sleek black dachsund in tow, who I might have mistaken for another whimsical trinket, were it not for his wagging tail.) The hotel doesn't have its own restaurant, but offers some room service and includes a tasty, handsomely-presented breakfast. For transportation, there's a dock directly on the canal. We'd stay here again and again...  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>peewee007
<Content>Nearly Perfect.       The hotel is on the right, check-in just before the bridge  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>debi.in.london
<Content>Beautiful and tranquil in the circus that is Venice We stayed at this hotel for the last 2 nights of our long honeymoon in Italy. We paid just over 500 eu total per night for a non-themed room. The room was still beautiful and big, and on the top corner facing the Grand Canal and church which we thought gave us the best view in the place. It was spotless and very comfortable. The bed was wonderful and the bathroom large with a jacuzzi and fantastic view from the shower. The toiletries were some of the best I've used. Breakfast was probably the best we have had anywhere. There is a wide variety and they also made me something that was not on the menu but I had just written down. Everything was delicious.The staff were friendly and accommodating from the second we arrived. The free mini bar was always stocked and there was free wi-fi. Special mention to the older night receptionist, he was lovely. We kept interrupting his cigarette breaks when we came back to the hotel at night, but he was always very friendly and charming.The only bad thing I can say is that I did mention when making the reservation that it was our honeymoon, and there was no acknowledgement of that at all.Venice itself was a bit of a disappointment. Besides it being absolutely beautiful and surreal, we thought that it lacked personality. We had been used to lots of lively Italian cities and towns on this trip and in the past, and found Venice to be a little dull. We went out for dinner one night and arrived at a place that was meant to be lively just before 10pm only to find they were closing the kitchen in 5 minutes and we would have to hurry up and order, and then they had barely anything left and I got stuck with something I didn't want. And this was a Friday night! Walking through the town on the way home was beautiful - but completely empty and silent. We were grateful the hotel was in Dorsoduro - the other side of the canal was a circus. Venice is just full of tacky glass and mask shops, with nothing tasteful in sight. We didn't see many restaurants that looked interesting or didn't cater especially for tourists. The best place we ate was close to the hotel on the corner of the other main canal, the food was great and they were very friendly.Also it was well worth going to the Peggy Guggenheim collection.So all in all a great hotel that made the stay in average Venice more bearable.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EllieHope
<Content>Romantic, peaceful and classy haven in a unique city. My wife and I have just returned from a 3 night break at Ca Maria Adele. I booked it based largely on reviews on this site, subsequently my expectations were high. I was not disappointed. What I liked : Location - 150 yards away from the Grand Canal, down a quiet smaller canal. The entrance looks directly at the Santa Maria della Salute (the dome is unfortunately covered in scaffolding at the moment, a shame). The hotel is on Dorsodouro, the opposite side of the Grand Canal to San Marco square, but it is one stop across the water on the Vaporetto. Close enough to the main tourist attractions, but far enough away for some peace and quiet. We would go back to the hotel for a cup of tea and 10 mins rest after a few hours sightseeing. Dorsodouro is also full of interesting art galleries and glass and jewellry shops. Room - We stayed in one of the themed rooms, Sala Noir. Beautifully decorated, a king double with a good mattress and pillows, a great bathroom up some stairs from the bedroom, a mini bar that was always filled with free water and soft drinks. A romantic and peaceful and comfortable room.Staff - helpful, polite, cheerful, efficient. They get it just right. Francesco and Gabriele will look after you.Breakfast - huge choice, you order from a card the night before, all beautiful breads / jams / juices / fruit / yoghurts / honey / eggs / parma ham / cheeses etc. And you can have it in the breakfast room / terrace / lounge / your own room.I was going to write down a list of things we didn't like, but I can't think of anything ! I did ask the hotel to book some restaurants for us, and I agree with a previous reviewer who said there is no need at the moment. The recession and strong euro seem to be biting in Venice, and I didn't see a restaurant that was full up at any time. Of the restaurants that were booked, I'd recommend Lineadombra, a short walk from the hotel, with a terrace with great views of the southern venice islands. Also Al Vecio Forner for authentic and simple italian cuisine. One other thing - the water taxi that the hotel booked for me from the airport was expensive - 180 euros - but super efficient and time saving and a great way to start your trip. I would definitely do that again. When I hopefully go back to Venice, I will stay at Ca Maria Adele again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flyingscott
<Content>Magical treat for Venice lovers My wife took me to this hotel for my birthday. Six years ago we spent a week in a great antique apartment on the Grand Canal near the Academia Bridge and feared that this experience could not be surpassed. This hotel exceded it.I have nothing unfavourable to say about this hotel. It was perfect for us, but if you wish a gymn or have children then please look elsewhere.As for Venice we love it, but this time it was very quiet. We note comments on getting the hotel to make reservations but there were tables readily available at all restaurants, and some were deserted.This hotel is expensive but in a magical city it will guarantee a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KOHG
<Content>Fantastic location and very romantic.       The Doge's Room  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>HampshireMich
<Content>Magical Took my husband to Venice as a surprise 40th present and couldn't have stayed in a more charming place; only on the other side of the canal from San Marco and yet so peaceful. Our upgraded room was stunning and the attention to detail amazing. Every aspect of our 4 day stay was near perfect. The only improvement possible would be to have a few English speaking channels available on the television, for relaxing between the hectic sightseeing and the romantic evening dining. Definitely ask Alessandro to recommend and arrange evening meals and sort out gondola trips. Our only disappointment was visiting Murano. If you think Venice is expensive take a few deep breaths before visiting or avoid it altogether. Prices are twice as high for the same objects and it's hard not to feel fleeced!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>celticmoon
<Content>Worth the splurge... Ca Maria Adele is worth the splurge. I cannot add anything that hasn't already been said. Great selections of restaurant which they will recommend and reserve for you. A trip to Murano by water taxi is included in the stay.We stayed in The Oriental Room which is on a smaller canal and is directly across from the Salute church. The staff are helpful and loaned us a laptop for the day. Mini bar is included. Very clean and tidy. Accademia is a 10 - 15 minute walk. Plenty of shops to keep you busy.I would definitely return and stay at this hotel.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DonnyOwl
<Content>A Room with a Venetian View This was our first trip to Venice and we booked 4 nights at the Ca' Maria.On arrival, we caught a water taxi from the train station directly to the hotel which has its own private landing stage, a member of staff appeared immediately to help with our baggage which was whisked off to our room while we enjoyed a glass of Prosecco in the lounge.The Ca' Maria has 5 themed rooms and 9 other deluxe rooms. We had asked for a deluxe room which gave the best view, and we weren't disappointed. Room 332 is on the top floor and does give a partial view of the Grand Canal through a side window while front windows look directly on to a small canal which runs in front of the Church Santa Maria della Salute. The room itself was generous in size with a beamed ceiling, plasma tv which provided a webcam of the Grand Canal, free minibar and a very comfortable bed (which was a relief after some of the previous Tripadvisor reviews we had read). The bathroom had both bath and shower and was more than adequate.You are given a choice as to where you take your breakfast (you have to specify the night before). You can have this brought to your room, but we opted to eat either on the sun terrace or in the breakfast room, with our choice depending largely on the weather forecast which the hotel provides for the following day. You can have as much or as little as you like (including more Prosecco!)The staff were, without fail, friendly and helpful. You were given the impression that nothing would be too much trouble.The location of the hotel is truly excellent. Dorsoduro is one of the quieter areas of Venice yet you are within easy walking distance of the main art galleries and just one Vaporetto stop away from St Marks Square. Alternatively you can hop on one of the Traghetti (Public Gondolas) which ferry you across the Grand Canal for just 50 cents, both the Vaporetto and Traghetti stops are literally a minute's walk from the hotel.It is very difficult to find anything negative to say about the Ca' Maria. It is certainly on the expensive side, but you would probably expect that of Venice anyway. We did enquire about the hotel organising a Gondola ride and were told it would be 180 Euros for 50 minutes with a bottle of wine included. Doing this independently without the wine cost 100 Euros for 40 minutes, so it is probably worthwhile organising this yourself.As always, the biggest compliment you can pay anywhere is to say that when we return to Venice, we won't be looking anywhere else for accommodation. If you can't book a themed room then ask for room 332 - I think we'll give the Doge's room a try next time.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TauntonTravis
<Content>Perfect Retreat for our Honeymoon What a find! Ca Maria Adele was situated perfectly - a quiet location with no noise at all at night but only one vaporetta stop from St Mark's Square and only a fifteen minute walk if you preferred to. The staff were very helpful and even organised a physio for me because I had hurt my back. Nothing was too much trouble. From the minute we arrived we knew it was special when we were shown into the lounge with its sumptuous fittings and givena prosecco and cakes. We had a deluxe room at the front with marvellous view of the church and a wonderfully big bed which was delightfully comfortable especially for my husband who is 6ft 4ins and finds most beds too small. The room was very clean and very modern and the bathroom although small was very well appointed and the shower was big enough for two with lots of jets ideal for my bad back! Every evening the beds were turned down and rose petals and scents left on the pillows - breakfast in the quirky chinese style breakfast room or on the indian style terrace was a treat - cakes, bread and jam and even a cooked breakfast which is unusual in a city hotel. The staff recommended restaurants to us which were traditional and not expense and booked whatever we needed in advance - altoghether a wonderful experience and one that we will never forget - a wonderful wonderful start to our honeymoon and life together. We will definitely recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JMATTW
<Content>The best in all of Venice!       Front of the Ca Marie Adele  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IOM69
<Content>Sheer decadence I was taking my boyfriend away for his 40th birthday and wanted to book something really special so after much research on the Conde Nast website and on TripAdvisor I plumped for Ca Maria Adele. I wanted to book one of the themed rooms, either the Doge or Sala Noir for our four night stay but neither was available for the first two nights. Hence I booked room 332 which is a non-themed room on the third floor for the first two nights and then the Sala Noir for the second two. I wasn't expecting much from room 332......how wrong could I be....it was gorgeous. The walls were decorated with a deep gold flock fabric, with curtains made from the same. In the mornings the curtains seemed to light up once the sun came up and it was this beautiful golden hue to which we woke to greet our breakfast, delivered by immaculately dressed staff wielding silver trays laden with the myriad delicacies which we ordered the night before. The scrambled eggs and bacon were perfectly cooked, the preserves home made and delicious, the juices freshly squeezed. We moved to the Sala Noir on night three and to be honest I don't think the hotel website pictures do this room justice. It is nothing short of stunning. It is sumptuous without being pretentious, warm without being overbearing and romantic without being cheesy. We both absolutely loved it.There is no restaurant at the hotel but as the vaparetto stop which brings you across to the main drag in just one stop is literally outside the door, this isn't a problem. Equally, there are some great restaurants in the Dorsoduro region , within a 5-10 minute walk. We ate at some great restaurants and would particularly recommend Da Fiore which is in all the good guides and certainly didn't dissapoint.  There is an honesty bar set up downstairs in the hotel in the evenings which is another lovely touch. And not forgetting that the soft drinks mini-bar in the room is included in the price!Overall, an amazing and unforgettable experience.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monster_munch
<Content>Just wow! Arriving in torrential rain is not the best way to start your trip to Venice, but I have to say this hotel is the best I have ever stayed in! We were lucky enough to ask for and get two ngihts in the Moor's room and two nights in the Doge's room. Both were amazing-the decor is so opulent but also so relaxing! The little touches like the range of toiletries, the complemtary mini bar, the prosecco and biscuits on arrival, the rose petals on the pillow at night-it is just amazing!We stayed during Carnevale, whihc anyone who has been at this time will know is a but mad in most parts of Venise-this hotel is like an oasis of calm-the beautiful music playing, the unbelievably helpful staff and the fact the only tourists you will find around here will probaly be ones who are lost! Not to say that this hotel is far away from the main sights-we were a 10 minute walk to th Accademia Bridge and also found a handy traghetto over to St marks about 2 mins from the hotel-this saves you about 20 mins walking and costs 1 euro for 2!There is no restaurant, but breakfast, which is included, is fantastic-prosecco, fresh juice, yoghurt, palma ham, eggs, ceral etc, etc! Beautiful-the dining room is gorgeous, although you can have breakfast anywhere.I really can't say enough good things about this hotel-it is so beautiful and yet so intimate and relaxing-there are only 12 bedrooms and we only saw 2 other people once in 5 days!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Perchadvisor
<Content>Recommended We were lucky to be staying at this small hotel for a few days, and we just loved it.Lovely rooms, superb location and friendly staff.Excellent breakfasts- inside or outside.Take the water taxi from Marco Polo for maximum effect.Great restaurant on Torcello - ask the hotel  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PaperDress
<Content>as good as the hype OK, so there are millions of reviews of this hotel telling you how amazing it is, and it really is that special; all discreet opulence and quiet, luxurious beauty. Literally one of the best hotels I and my other half have ever stayed in. So, just a few new, useful things to know alongside the other glowing reviews鈥?br/>1 if you are staying in one of the un-themed, 鈥榙elux鈥?doubles, as we did, you might want to ask if it has a bath or shower before you go; not all have both and while our enormous shower was lovely, and perfect if you are in Venice in the sticky, tourist-ridden heat, I would have preferred a few hot baths after cold January days out on the vaperetto. 2. Many reviews mention the beds as uncomfortably hard. All I can say is that the bed in our room was unbelievably comfortable, to the point where we have resolved to buy a new bed 鈥?literally 鈥?on our return from Ca Maria Adele. 3. Not only is the hotel great but it鈥檚 located in the coolest, prettiest part of Venice, Dorsodoro. We really liked 鈥楤ar Artiste鈥?on the way to Campo Margarita and the lovely hand-made paper shop next to the Guggenheim museum.4. Venice is notorious for being a city that shuts down early but if you are like us, in our 30鈥檚 and wanting to enjoy the city after dark, there are loads of young Americans working at the Guggenheim who have their fingers on the pulse of the good places to drink, eat and dance in the city, more so than any guide book, we found, and they are generous with their recommendations, so do ask them. Enjoy it.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PauliegirlLondon
<Content>Wonderful just wonderful       The Welcome drink  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JandSDerbyUK
<Content>Truly wonderful hotel and staff On arrival we were given Prosecco and little nibbles whilst our bags were taken to our room, lots of lovely little touches that make you feel really special.We stayed in the Moorish Room - beautifully decorated in dark blue and gold heavy fabric on the walls and bed throw. Gorgeous lighting from two Moorish boys holding lanterns! Lighting was well thought out as there were dimmers and spots discreetly positioned to make the room truly romantic. We had a wonderful little balcony which afforded us views of the Grand Canal and the little access canal right under our window. The bathroom was spotlessly clean, had a jacuzzi bath facility - great for tired toes after all the walking we did!The bed was very firm - not too much of a problem although to truly enhance the guests comfort - they could offer additional matteress pads for those that like a softer sleep! [ we have suggested this to the hotel]Lovely little touches like fresh rose petals on your pillow and rose water pillow mister - fresh fruit daily and a free soft drinks / water in a little in room fridge [great for the champagne and chocolates too]Breakfast was included and you can choose where you want to eat it - lots of little seating areas, we used the breakfast room which was adjacent to our bedroom - the service was excellent, food was tasty and there was a huge choice, one day we asked for seasonal fruit and a huge dish arrived and all of it was at perfect eating ripeness... that is amazing! I can recommend the walnut bread and the preserves too.The concierge service was faultless, very attentive and knowledgeable about the hotel and the area.He recommended a restaurant for our first night that was a short walk away and provided a lovely meal and excellent service - circa 拢250 for two with wine / cognac. The restaurant manager was a lively character with lots of local information and prided himself on creating a culinary experience rather than just a meal. [Linea Dombre] Lovely little sitting room off reception was the perfect place to have coffee before or after a walk. We were fortunate to see the autumn decorations and the Christmas ones - as they were changed during our stay - again it is the attention to detail that sets this hotel apart from the rest.The hotel has its own landing direct to the front door and we arrived in style in a lovely water taxi - the hotel can arrange private taxis for you or you can buy a ticket for the vaporetti - the nearest stop was just 2 minutes away from the hotel. Ideally situated between all the major attractions yet in a peaceful less touristy area.Who would enjoy this hotel? People who like the more intimate style of hotel, personal attention and a certain charm from their surroundings. Romantic - most definitely! Stylish - totally bespoke approach - no standard rooms here! Warm and friendly - without a doubt.Somewhere to revisit - I am sure we will...  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shell1_7
<Content>Fantastic Hotel !! One of the best we have stayed in Having never visited Venice before, we looked on trip advisor for advice on a hotel, and Ca Maria Adele lived up to it's previous reviews. Everything you want from a hotel, cleanliness, very helpful staff, superb location, comfortable room, everything was perfect. Very close to St Mark's square and the shops. There is public boat transport very conveniently outside the hotel, which takes you 2 minutes across the water to all the main sights. I cannot name one bad thing about this hotel, its fantastic.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>keepthefaith
<Content>We felt special November 1st just arrived back fro a 3 day visit to wonderful Venice.Our stay and enjoyment was enhnced by this wonderful hotel.Although we did not need much assistance knowing that their expertise and advise were available provided us with a more confident approach. The hotel location is ideal being away from the maddening crowd which allows you to draw breath and relax before venturing out again.The rooms and decor are perfect and again help you to relax and soak in the atmosphere . This hotel will be a must for us when we return and we can assure you we will. Well done Ca Naria  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daddyjock
<Content>The Best Hotel Ever Just stop searching for the perfect hotel in Venice because this is the one.Right next to the Salute is an idyllic spot with just twelve rooms.The staff are without exception helpful and no request is too small. The breakfast is a delight and can be served wherever suits your mood and the hotel has wonderful touches throughout.. Each room is individualised and ours overlooked the canal. A minute from the vaparetto stop and close to a number of super Art Galleries . Lovely little restaurant was recommended and did not disappoint. Take the Water Taxi transfer - the only way to travel.Just ignore the tariff it is worth every penny. Enjoy.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ROADBIKE
<Content>Great hotel, perfect experience What a great hotel. I believe they only have 12 rooms and they treat you like you are at their home. Lovely room with a tub at the base of the bed. Good size bathroom for italy, cooked to order breakfast, mini-bar, plenty of good advice. When i needed the internet for work they handed me a laptop. 50 yards from thewater bus. Because of the location, [ dorosdoro] very quiet with no crowds . Water taxi pulled right up to front door.A little expensive but well worth it. My hotel bill for 3 nights was three lines. everything was included so they do not nickel and dime you for mini bar, internet, etc. We received a drink when we arrived with a few snacks. They have a great terrace where you can have your breakfast in the morning and drinks in the afternoon. This hotel just capped off our wonderful time in Venice and i would recommend to anyone...  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelbug049
<Content>Divine..... Amazing and beautiful. We stayed in the 'fireside room' which was just gorgeous and right on the canal. Fantastic location. Lovely breakfast. Soft drink mini bar all included in your bill. Nice big bathroom and lovely products to use.From check in and a glass of prosecco in the reading room to the gorgeous Moroccan-style terrace lounge, the hotel was small, intimate and charming.A very special hotel in a very special city.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DandD50
<Content>Salute to the Ca' Maria Adele My husband and I had the privelege of staying at the Ca Maria Adele last week. From the moment we arrived in the lobby with scented candles and lovely music we were transported to a peaceful and relaxed world. The hotel is one vaporetto stop from the hustle of San Marco, and right next to the beautiful Salute church in the more quiet area of Dosoduro. It is located an easy walking distance to museums and great restaraunts and around the corner from the Zattere where we enjoyed a run along the Grand Canal. Each night we enjoyed returning from dinner to the lanterns outside the hotel doors and the rose pedals on our pillow. We excitedly marked our breakfast selections and hung the card on our door to dream about fresh squeezed juices and cooked parma ham, all to arrive in our room at our requested time on a silver platter. We loved everything about our stay here and will be sure to return.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JimboGloucester
<Content>Expensive but worth every penny       Regata Storica 50m from Hotel  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>greasyhotelownerma
<Content>New Matresses Please! New Matresses Please! Most of everything you have read in the previous reviews is true! So why then will this excellent staff and it's brother owners allow it's guests to sleep on beds as hard as fine Italian marble? The hotel is very charming and is in a great location. The decor is fabulous and the candle scents invigorating. But truthfully, for nearly $600. per night the bed should be comfortable! I'm not the first or second or third person to make this comment..so why does this attentive staff and it's owner brothers allow it to go on?Lots of smiles from the staff when you come and go from the hotel...but who wouldn't smile as they collect $600. per night? Apples, rose petals, glasses of wine..it's all true but you would expect something more than a recommendation on where to find the best risotto for the price they are charging. And I'm not only referring to the cost of the room but also the price of the transfer to  from the airport and also a gondola ride..all over priced in my opinion.Please know that on my side the glass is half full and I chose to stay here..but would never stay at this hotel again...my lower back and my wallet can't take it nor would I subject my conscious to the fact that it takes more than apples, rose petals and smiles to justify their pricing.Let me close by giving you 2 more reasons to look elsewhere...one morning from 7:15 to 9:00 a.m., work was being done (bricks were being removed from the front of the hotel) and it was very loud! At this time of the morning, it also seems much louder as you are trying to sleep. Why didn't this attentive wonderful staff give notice to it's guests that the work was going to be done on this morning? Wouldn't that have been the polite thing to do? Every morning I made a request for apple cake or apple struedel to be delivered with the moring breakfast and every moring the request was not only ignored but also unfullfilled.??Sometimes it's the little things that count and when you pay this amount of $$$$...nothing is too small. I left my photo at the hotel when I checked out...it's the last time they'll ever see me again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>ryzee
<Content>Wow, wow, wow...this place is fantastic!! This was our first trip to Venice and booked this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews. The hotel was absolutely amazing. We stayed in two themed rooms the Oriental and the Sala Noir and both were beautiful but the Sala Noir was over the top fantastic. The Sala Noir was two stories with the bathroom upstairs and what a wow the bathroom was, the shower had four different shower head configurations and was sized for two people. The bedroom in Sala Noir was amazing as well with a huge 2 meter diameter Murano glass chandelier hanging over the bed. I'm gushing, I know, but there is more....The service was absolutely top notch. From the moment your water taxi arrives at there private dock you are treated as royalty. As your bags are being delivered to your room you are asked to rest in the most amazing lounge/living room area, as you decompress from your trip to Venice inhaling the scented candles and absorbing the amazing design and decorations in the opulent room you are presented with glasses of complimentary prosecco sparkling wine to sip as you wait for them to make your room perfect.Being such a small boutique hotel every request was met instantly, you literally put the phone down and there is a knock on the door with your request.Everyday we had a small surprise from fresh apples in the room when we returned from site seeing to a new orchid to complimentary glasses of wine to welcome us to our 2nd new themed room......are you getting the picture.Breakfast was amazing. They will serve it in your room, the breakfast room, on the terrace or in the lounge. The breakfast was served with the finesse of a fine dining restaurant by the sweetest, most charming waitress.The staff were over the top helpful with everything you requested.I can't imagine a better hotel in Venice and will be recommending it to everyone heading there.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KirstyM-uk
<Content>Fantastic first stop on honeymoon We stayed here as our first stop on our honeymoon. Having never been to Italy before we weren't quite sure what to expect, but from the moment we checked in until the moment we left, it was spectacular!Greeted with champagne and biscuits, fabulously beautiful room, great breakfast in the mornings, and an organised gonsolier for us, complete with prosecco, made this a truly unforgettable stay. Would highly recommend!!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ZMJL
<Content>Great Romantic Hotel We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in July. Wonderful location just off the grand canal but also very quiet and romantic. We had 2 themed rooms, each very individual with eveything you would expect from a top hotel. Service was excellent and breakfast first class. They don't do evening meals but will make reservations for you, nothing was too much trouble. Only thing we didnt like so much was that the beds are a bit hard.However, we would definately return  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JRRDI
<Content>Enchanting  My Girlfriend and I had the pleasure of staying in this truly magnificient hotel in July 2007. Quite simply, I cannot rate the Ca Maria Adele high enough. It is a small but breathtakingly romantic hotel who prize asset is its staff. Every single member of staff were exceptional and their attention to detail to ensure we had a wonderful time was perfect.The location is ideal, the rooms are stunning, we stayed in the La Sala Noir themed room - WOW !The staff will arrange anything for you, from restaurant reservations to a private Gondola trip (expensive at 180 euros but well worth it to add to your 'Venice Experience')In synopsis, if you are looking for a wonderful, discreet, charming and romantic hotel in Venice, then the Ca Maria Adele is 'The One'  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrHypno
<Content>The perfect honeymoon hotel       The view from the Moorish Room  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

