<Author>globetrotter4989
<Content>Basic, great location We enjoyed a 3 day stay at the Midtown Hotel in Boston recently. We picked the hotel for it excellent location, and it didn't dissapoint. It's around the corner from 2 T stops, and within walking distance of the city centre, as well as the Cambridge area. Apart from the location the hotel itself is functional, rather than exceptional. The staff are friendly, and the hotel is clean and has all the facilities you'd need. It could do with a refurb though, as it looks like it's not been updated since the 80's! Also on our first night we ended up in a very noisy room at the very back of the hotel. When we complained we were promptly moved to a new room nearer to the lobby area, which was much less noisy albeit it somewhat smaller. The rooms are clean, spaceous and have all the usual facilities, coffee/tea maker, iron, tv, etc. Beds were soft, big and comfortable. Not bad for $110 a night! No breakfest is provided, but there's plenty of diner's and cafe's around so that didn't pose much of a problem.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>cityrunner
<Content>ok basic hotel in central location ok basic hotel, not the prettiest but functional and fairly cental location, though on a big main road. Feels a bit like a residence for students but clean and big rooms, just not fancy or luxurious. I got a very cheap rate on hotwaire so worth it for one night at $120.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>gingersmum
<Content>Good location,thats about all Stayed here at the start of our New England Tour,which was a package so we had no choice in our accomodation. Guess it must be cheap as most of the other hotels we stayed at were of a similar level. On a tour you only stay at a hotel for one or maybe two nights so you just put up with it and move on.Well,we were glad to move on from this miserable place!The room was dreary,although cleanbut the bed was comfortable, which was our main concern.Was extremely hard to turn around in the bathroom without bashing your elbows or knees! At least the room we had wasn't far from reception so we didn't get lost in the corridors( as many others in our party did.)It also overlooked the courtyard car park ,so was fairly quiet,although there were ,what sounded like a family with children above us,who liked to run the length of the room with their boots on!Tip: take earplugs!Would have liked an on-site bar to relax in during the evening too but we were told by our guide that the Christian Science Centre opposite had owned the land and stipulated that when the hotel was built,there was to be no alchohol sold on the premises.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>EnglandTeenfamily
<Content>Well located basic hotel \We stayed at the beginning of our New England tour  wanted to be able to see the city easily. Unexciting from the outside this fitted the bill, being clean  quiet, with no restaurant but near the Prudential Centre that has plenty. On the Trolley bus route we had no need of a car to see the city. The lifts do not go to the lobby level so not recommended for those with pushchairs/strollers or for the less mobile. The staff were effecient but perehaps more used to business travellers.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Teach1947
<Content>Good location; OK accommodation; watch for extra charges Spent two days here with two friends.Hotel is well-located; Prudential Center a 10-minute walk down the street with plenty of restaurant options there. Thornton's Restaurant about 300 ft. down the street, a small, diner-type place but good for breakfast. T (subway) line nearby. Restaurant on-site but apparently closed (permanently?)Front desk staff efficient, answered questions knowledgeably.A technician responded quickly to our inability to get the TV to work. Hotel could use a freshening up of decor; hallways a bit dark. Our room looked out into a rather desolate courtyard housing the covered pool. Not exactly scenic. Windows could use a good cleaning. Room was quiet.Lots of foreign tourists -- Germans, some Japanese -- well behaved.Tiny bathroom the length of a tub, the width of tub + toilet, plus 3 square feet. Vanity with mirror, sink in adjacent area.Beds comfortable enough, though blanket's short length would not cover my shoulders.No microwave or in-room safe.Hotel offers WiFi Internet for $9.95 per day. Posted room rates do not include parking in the hotel's basement lot at $18 per day. We didn't see any other nearby parking options, so this parking fee is probably mandatory if you have a car. If you have a third person needing rollaway bed, add $25 per night + taxes to posted rates.We called front desk to inquire how stringently the noon checkout time was enforced, and were told they could grant us a reasonable leeway of, say, 30 minutes or so. But they also permitted us to leave the car in their lot until 3 p.m., permitting us to avoid additional parking fees elsewhere in the city.While it's not flashy, its good location and accommodating staff made this stay a generally positive experience.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>WILLYONE
<Content>What a Little Gem!! Just returned from a six night stay in Boston. And what a fine city it is as well!Having decided to get away for a few days, i thought it was time to heed my brothers advice and book a trip to Boston. He only had good things to say about it, so i thought it was time to find out for myself especialy as i'd never been before.I have to say i was rather alarmed at the prices of hotels there, and it was as much for this reason that i decided to book The Midtown. All other options were too expensive!!I must confess to being slightly concerned as to whether i'd done the right thing. The pictures on the net didn't fill me with hope as they made it out to be little more than a cheap motel, and as the shuttle driver pulled up outside these fears were enhanced even more! I wondered what on earth i'd let myself in for!Well what a surprise...the very friendly staff checked me in and arranged for my bag to be sent to my room. The corridors were clean and tidy, i also saw drinks and ice machines. Arrived at my room and was greeted by a huge area..Ok, nothing special in the decor etc, but of a high basic standard. Bathroom with toilet seperated with a door to the wash basin area..not big but perfectly acceptable. Once again very clean. The only slight downer was that i had one of the 'road views' so i did have a fair amount of road noise, but you can't have everything!A knock on the door and there was the bell man with my bag..he gave me his name and said if i needed any help with maps, directions or any information i need only ask. You cant want for more! The staff were like this the whole time i was there and i can't praise them enough.The only negative aspect of the hotel is the lack of an on-site restaurant..now does this matter when i'm sure most people would eat out anyway? Well i believe you should at least have the option. As others have said there is Thorntons, a nice breakfast cafe which is three hundred yards down the road, as well as the Prudential Centre which is a five minute walk away where you have numerous eating options. Room service was always done efficiently, i only actually met the maid on my last morning and that was only as i was staying in the room a little longer due to checking out!Check out was also painless, they also stored my bag for me for the day as i was catching a mid evening flight back to the UK.As regards transportation, the trolley tour bus stops right outside the hotel, the 'T' stop is in the Prudential Centre, which as i've said is a five minute walk, and if you'd rather walk, well thats fine as it is such a compact city you can virtually walk anywhere, and its the best way to look around anyway!A quick word about Boston...Superb! So much to do and see. If you need to get out of the city for a day or two, you've got superb coastline to explore..I took a day excursion to Cape Cod..what a stunning area.All in all one of the best trips to the States i've had. If you book The Midtown you may fear the worst, but i reckon you'll think to yourself..'I'd be more than happy to stay here again' which is exactly what i thought as i was driven to Logan Airport for my flight home. The location is spot on, the staff are very friendly and the hotel throughout is very clean.Dont let the pictures put you off staying at this little gem! A big name chain it may not be, but it offers the personal touch to your stay which they just cant compete with!Highly Recommended!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SENORAWestMidlands
<Content>Good overall for price -Stayed here for two nights at the start of a New England tour and again at the end of tour for another two nights.Hotel overall was OK....small two storey hotel conveniently situated in city. Staff friendly and efficient. No restaurant on site but a Thorntons restaurant one hundred yards along street for breakfast and snacks, so too is a small convenience store, plus at the second traffic light turn right, walk fifty yards to a 7-11 convenience store, walk another 100 yards past 7-11 to a liquor store.Rooms good size but bathrooms tiny, with very small vanity area outside bathroom. Plumbing noisy on occasions. Plenty of towels, changed daily. Comfortable beds. For our first two nights we were in room 134 at the back of the hotel with a small window overlooking parking area and another opaque window looking onto interior corridor so very little natural light. However this room was quiet.We had no qualms about returning here for our last two nights in Boston.On our return we were in room 110 on first floor overlooking sidewalk and road, much more light, room spec the same but slightly larger with more storage space and more noise which however did diminish at night, except for the family of elephants in the room above ours. Maybe a good idea to ask for a room on upper floor.Diagonally across the road is The Prudential Centre for shopping and a food court. Check out the view from the 50th floor Skywalk. Just a few yards further is a large Shaws supermarket outside of which is the starting point for the Boston Duck Tour(very overated and overpriced, I would give this one a miss). With the exception of a splash down in The Charles River you would see the same sights on the city tour.The hotel is within easy walking distance of Copley Square, Boston Common, Quincy Market and very pleasant Frog Pond gardens.Plenty of restaurants and fast food outlets nearby. All in all a good place to stay without breaking the bank.Would stay here again if in Boston.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>shansen1984
<Content>horrid housekeeping we arrived and thought this was an ok hotel until we realized the bedding smelled of men's cologne and low and behold we look under the bed and a used condom wrapper was laying there. When we told the staff including the night manager nobody apologised and they acted as if we were bothering them with something that was no big deal. Then when they agreed to wash the linens they took over an hour to bring them back because they didn't have clean extras.Really I needed to go to bed but my fianc茅, baby and I were kept up waiting for our linen to return. I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	4	1	5	2	3	

<Author>janani
<Content>Fine for a short break to Boston We stayed at the Midtown Hotel for 3 nights. Location is great - near shopping malls, 5 mins walk from a subway station, approx 25 mins walk to Boston Common and Downtown area. The outside of the building is really unattractive and the corridors are poorly lit with stained carpets so we didn't get a great first impression. However the room was huge with 2 double beds and a sofa. It was clean and well maintained. The bathroom was small but had a good power shower. There is no restaurant for breakfast but there is a cafe down the road. We didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel and I think it is good value for a trip where you will be spending most of your time sightseeing.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bonaccord
<Content>Adore Boston This was first stop on a touring holiday of New England/New York. It was on the whole, OK. No real complaints. No restaurant , but plenty of places round about and since we were a group, they put on breakfast for us. Again OK. There were certainly lots of places round about to sample the local delicacies such as Clam Chowder and very affordable lobster. The hotel was very clean and my bedroom was huge, with two double beds.Boston is one of my favourite cities, particularly since all the tunnelled road building appears to be completed after several years. It was a huge project.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Bulldogfootball
<Content>This hotel is old and a dive This hotel is an overexpensive dive. The air doesn't cool the rooms as its on or off those are the two settings. The beds are old and uncomfortable, the decor came from the 70's, the pool had green mold all over the walls. I would not recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Jo_Q_London
<Content>Great property - fantastic location We stayed at The Midtown Hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of September and I can't fault the property. It was easy to locate from the T stops nearby - and really convenient to access all the sights of Boston.The rooms were really spacious with a huge comfortable bed, plenty of spare pillows and blankets if you needed them, and a compact but clean bathroom.The staff were wonderfully helpful - accommodating every request with politeness.It's not a fancy property - don't book here expecting 5* luxury, but for the price you pay, it's excellent  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ASTRA5
<Content>Loved the Midtown Just back from Boston, stayed at the Midtown for 9 nights I could not fault it. The rooms are clean, the beds are very comfortable,plenty space in the room, asked for a room at the back and it was very quiet. The staff were helpful at all times. Its in a great location, there are three T stations nearby.The nearest for breakfast is Thorntons. Its ok , got sick of all the eggs on the menu.Plenty restaurants within 10 mins walk on Newbury Street and visit Uno on Boylston Street for dinner.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>BAGPasadena
<Content>Great experience for the budget minded traveler Midtown Hotel is a bargain with a great location and a superior staff. If you want to spend your money on 15 pillows and a heavenly bed, then you must. But f you plan on seeing Boston and not sit in your room all day, have a central location for walking, eating and Boston transit, and spending your money on Boston fun, then the Midtown is your hotel. It's basic decor and not fancy but it's clean, convenient and reasonable. I've stayed at the upscale hotels on business and for conferences and have heard every word and movement in the room next door. Ask for a room away from the street at the Midtown and you will sleep well in quiet; we never heard our neighbors. The staff at the Midtown were heavenly, meeting all our requests and going the extra mile on two occasions. No room service but the close access to the Prudential Center with bridge to Copley and Shaws Market, made it convenient for a variety of eating choices which were more reasonable than room service. Thanks Midtown, you are a gem from the past.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>955Roger
<Content>Good location and cheap       Looking down from Pru  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>isabelbrinck
<Content>Simply welcome: Good value, friendly service The layout of this hotel is a bit of a trip in time. It has a very long halls and is very low (looks like 2-3 stories high), like an old-school motel. There is even an outdoor pool in an enclosed courtyard, surrounded by floor-to-cieling windows and carpeted (that's right) floor. The style of the hotel sign kind of says it all. But if this is discouraging to you, it shouldn't be. Aside from the fact that there are steps (?!) leading to the first floor hall, everything else about the place is comfortable and modern enough. The room layouts may be weird (small bathroom with door separating it from the sink; no full length mirror), but the furniture is well maintained, the carpet is impeccable, the bedding is comfortable, and there is ample storage space. The room was also huge, even by American standards. Oh! And the windows open.The hotel has no in-house restaurant or room service but they recommend a great caf茅 down the street and the keys advertise a dine-in service.My complaints were: a noisy vending machine above my room which made me request a change; the tub didn't drain well; the bathroom fan didn't seem to work.Above average: the friendly staff (90% of them anyway), and the proximity to the Hynes Convention Center at a comparatively super low price in relation to other properties in the area.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>scoobysnacker
<Content>Musty Smelly Hotel Staying at this Hotel, worst part of the trip! The room had a very Musty smell to it. You can hear your neighbors as if they were staying in the room with you. Bathrooms need to be updated. The average guest must be about 5 feet tall since, the bed was not long enough and the shower head was at eye level and I am not quite six feet tall. The pool area is very dirty, the pool towels were thrown in a pile on the ground. Not too pleased with the weekend staff! The price is great but, if you want to be nickeled and dime for everything else stay here. Cheap ...cheap...cheap! Did I say Cheap?  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>AngelaMMiltonKeynes
<Content>Great location, great city stay Had read the mixed reviews of the Midtown and wondered what we'd encounter - but absolutely nothing significantly wrong with this hotel. Excellent location - very close to the Prudential and Copley centres - both fantastic places to shop, shop, shop! T stations close by - just so convenient. Wonderful views from the window of the Christian Science buildings. This place cannot be beaten for value AND location. Our room was the largest we'd had all holiday. Bathroom was small - but good enough for what you need it for. Beds perfectly comfortable. We had a room overlooking the road - no significant noise issues. The check in staff were very friendly. Yes they do charge for parking but 1) cheaper than other places and 2) once you parked it there you never need the car again. Plus, we had a late flight so they let us pay for another day's parking after checking out. Pool looked very good - but I overheard someone saying how cold it was so I avoided using it!! The corridors did smell a little of cigarette smoke (and I'm a smoker and can't usually smell it!) but nothing in the room (we had a non-smoking room). Yes - the hotel is plain and maybe a little dated but for it is value for money and excellent location we would certainly use again - just think about the extra money you can spend on shopping!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>recorder
<Content>Great value for us, NO complaints. Boston is a little expensive for us but this place fit our budget. Sometimes though thats the only thing thats right, but not this time. We're a family of four wanting to see a Red Sox game, take a Duck tour, and walk the Freedom Trail and tour Boston from the observatory of the Prudential building. We arrived early and found that our room was ready and we could settle in. The room was spacious, comfortable and clean. All we could ask for. Of the seven places we stayed on our 12 day trip, this was in the upper group. It was in walking distance of Fenway Park, the Prudential building, the Duck tour and easily accessable to the Green LIne. I'm sure there are other frills that someone might miss here but we rarely are in our room when vacationing and all we ask is that its clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dg2006
<Content>A good value-for-money option in a well-located area In the past, I've stayed nearby at the other, expensive Copley Square district hotels (Marriott, etc.), but this time I was on vacation with the family in tow and so had to compromise on price. It turned out to be a good decision. Although the hotel is charmless, our two double bedded room was a reasonable size and comfortable. The outdoor pool was great for the kids and the location is very near to the Copley Square mall (3-minute walk). We didn't have breakfast, so cannot comment.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>jnsbradley
<Content>Great Value, adequate and safe We (a family of 4 with 2 boys ages 9 and 12) stayed at the Midtown for 5 nights, June 8 - 13th. The hotel is very small in comparison to the many high rise hotels in Boston and may not be as modern, but it suited us very well. We arrived at about 9am on a Sunday....many guests were checking out. They promptly stored our bags in a locked room so that we could begin exploring Boston.I did notice that a few people were complaing about rates varying on nights of their bills and it sounded as though one complained of bugs and possibly rats......We had secured our rate of $179.00 per night for the duration of our trip well in advance and I had confirmed that in advance...as well as asking for a room toward the back of the hotel on the 2nd floor...(to cut down on the possibility of noise from the street)went to our room to check it out and rest a while by the very clean but very icy pool (the kids wouldn't even get in) Our room was one of the smaller one's (I think because we were a corner room) but was still very roomy for the 4 of us...very clean didn't smell.Sleeping in the room at night was fine...once we figured out the AC...it never gets very cold but was comfortable...we usually like it slightly cooler but not freezing if you like to be able to set it to very cool you won't be able to here....I didn't feel like the unit was noisy like other people had mentioned but the fan in the bathroom was (but that can be shut off) The staff was all very friendly to us but we never had a need to complain... Tha restaraunt was closed...they are charging for parking these days...cut less than other Boston hotels...We left late on our ast day to the airport, so the staff had locked up our bags again so that we could get one ast full day in Boston.... This is not as nice a hotel as others in Boston but very affordable.... checkout had been easy no surprises I did pay for the fridge $5 per night...my son has meds that need refridgerated....I had heard rates very from $300. - $500 per night (Celtics and the Red Sox in town)...we had reserved early so our $179. was a steal......There was a business traveler complaining that the wireless service wasn't so great... they were working on fixing his issue but I did notice that they had direct ethernet connections in the room if you wanted to bring a cable (they may have also had them available) We didn't want to bother with our laptops while traveling with the kids....so don't have a direct experience.. We used public transportation ....there are 2 T stations very close by and the Midtown is within walking distance of many great places to shop and eat. Overall accomodations are average....safe clean.....mattresses were comfortable pillows were new but cheap... not good for people who prefer a more firm pillow....house keeping was aways good... but if you are looking for frills and better AC go to Omni Parker House or the Collanade...just realize the price is Much higher....this is a GREAT VALUE!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Acause
<Content>Great little place GREAT little hotel! Near ALL the major shopping and musums in Boston! The staff was friendly, the used-to-be moter inn and a certain charm about it, as I was scared it would be low-budget and nasty. To my great surprise it was charming and great. Beds were comfortable and bathroom worked fine.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rhood55
<Content>Noisiest hotel ever The hotel is in a great location. The staff were friendly and it was very clean. However, the motel is just a made over Days Inn, and the makeover was rudimentary at best. We could hear every door shut all through the night. Televisions and conversations could be heard through the walls. The bathroom is tiny and the shower light cannot be turned on seperate of the vanity light which floods the bedroom area. Also, only a plexiglass partition (no door) between the vanity and rest of the room. So, you have to come out of the tiny shower dressed if privacy or modesty is an issue. We taped a Boston newspaper over the plexiglass. If you can swing one of the other hotels near the Prudential Center, do so. You'll be close to the train lines and have a much better stay.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SLCFamily
<Content>Good Hotel For Family On Budget/Good Location Our destination was Cooperstown, NY for a youth baseball tournament. My husband and I were traveling with our kids, ages 15 and 12. We flew into and out of Boston to see the Red Sox as part of our trip. I had read reviews on this website for various hotels and chose the Midtown from them. The reviews were right on and we were happy with the Midtown. Good price, plus a discount using AAA. The staff was friendly and helpful.The hotel is older, but everything was clean and well kept. Our room was a good size. Parking underneath the hotel was reasonably priced and fairly secure.The location is great. Nice area, easy walking to the Prudential Center and Fenway Park. The subways are very close for farther desintations in the city, which we took several times.I would definitely recommend the Midtown for travelers on a budget, especially families going to see the Red Sox (note: do not buy grandstand seats if your family is tall!).I would not recommend this hotel to travelers looking for higher end accommodations.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Pinkjimmychoos
<Content>Fantastic location and good value for money What a great place to stay if you're looking for somewhere in the Back Bay area. Close to transport links including both Back Bay station (fifteen minutes walk) and the subway (Symphony is the closest stop and about five minutes walk), this hotel is great if you're looking to save money and see all Boston has to offer.The only disadvantage is that there was no restaurant when we were there, so sadly the convenience of BB was out, but it does benefit from being close to several restaurants and a mall, which all serve great breakfasts! Plus, a twenty minute walk takes you in the direction of the main shopping area and the common which has a lot of choice.The rooms are clean and decent sized and the staff on reception were friendly. If you want something wallet-friendly then I'd give this a shot- don't expect luxury but it certainly is quality.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Maxmillian_8
<Content>Good value in Great Location The Midtown is a reasonably priced 1960's style motel dropped in a great location in Boston. It has no charm, but the rooms are clean, comfortable (and since we asked for a room on the alley)quiet. Don't try to drive a full size SUV down the ramp to thebelow ground parking garage or you'll get stuck. Ask the deskto buzz you in the service entrance on the alley in the back ifyou have a tall vehicle. The wireless internet access was a pain to use (new code every 24 hours) and spotty.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	4	2	1	

<Author>eraclite
<Content>Rooms are plain but clean The hotel is plain but the rooms are big and clean and the price are low comparing with the other hotels in Boston. The location too is perfect, near the Prudential Center.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>mim22002
<Content>Very good value hotel I was a bit worried about what the hotel would turn out like, considering some negative reviews, but was very happy with our stay, and would not hesitate to book this hotel again. We arrived quite early (before 2 pm) but there was no problem checking in at this time. The welcome at the front desk was extremely friendly. Check-in was quick and efficient. Our room was perfectly adequate for our requirements, clean and in good condition, with 2 double beds as requested, and shower/bath in good working order. We requested a non-smoking room and there was no smell of smoke in the room. We were not disturbed by noise during the night, apart from the occasional person in the corridor returning to their rooms, which you get in any hotel. Location was good, between Prudential and Symphony 'T' stations, and the nearby Prudential Centre was good for shopping and fast food/restaurants. Staff were without exception courteous and friendly, and we were genuinely sorry to leave.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Blacktiger34
<Content>Perfectly Fine Stayed two nights while we attended games at Fenway Park to see the Cardinals play. The room we stayed in was clean. The beds were comfortable. Read other reviews that complained of noise. We didn't hear or see anyone while we were there but I know that they had full occupancy based on traffic in lobby.If you are looking for a place simply to sleep, shower and shave then this is the place for you. If you are looking for something more fancy go somewhere else. For the price you can't beat this place.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>fulhamsupporter
<Content>A few issues The location is certainly OK, but my two night stay had a few issues. The AC in my room didn't work - it was a fan but the thermostat had broken long ago - and the Wifi at $9.95 a month didn't really work either, I had to stand by the door to get a signal. It's very hard to find a hotel in Boston for less than $200 a night these days but this is one of them, but you get what you pay for, at least in my experience.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>mokomoko
<Content>A bit noisy but otherwise great stay.. I and my husband stayed here for 5 nights during late May-early June.. it was at a great location in Back bay area (absolutely beautiful area) and near the Hynes convention centre which was where my conference was held.. We booked a room with 2 double beds (same price as a single double bed so we decided to go for a more spacious room) and it was spacious and clean.. the bathroom is quite small though.. but had pretty good water pressure.. however the wall was quite thin so if you have noisy neighbour (like we did), they will most likely keep you up all night... The hotel was close to several train stations (different line so quite convenient).. we didn't have to use the subway much because everything is in walking distance.. only caught twice when we were too tired to walk back after a freedom trail walk.. and to the South Station with our lugguages.. Definitely would stay here again.. very convenient.. but hopefully next time we will have a more quiet neightbour..  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>JimandKathy
<Content>Great Location! My wife and stayed here during our two day stop in Boston. I was wondering what I would get after reading some of the reviews but what the heck. It is old and drab as they say but we found it clean and safe. ALL the staff we meet were great . I guess everyone has issues with something and at times it can just be bad luck. For the price and the location it can't be beat!Boston was fabulous!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>nam82nam
<Content>Great Location The location of this hotel really couldn't be better - 5 minutes from the Prudential Centre and a metro stop. We stayed here for 2 nights and found the room comfortable and a good size. The room was a little dated but clean. My only complaint would be that the air conditioning is very noisy - you can hear the corridor one all the time. Saying this it certainly didn't keep me awake at night.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Angus29
<Content>Terrible place Apart from the location there is little to recommend about this hotel. Staff were surly (with the exception of the porter and the handyman). As stated in previous reviews the hotel is run down and dirty. Our room overlooked the main road and a bus parking area. The single glazed windows, which didn't shut properly, did little to keep out noise. Strange piped music came from the toilet extraction system during the night. No meals available, had to breakfast in a cafe one block down. Completely spoilt our visit to Boston.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>guessy
<Content>I was actually getting SCARED. This was an experience not to ever be forgotten. It was like something out of a horror movie. It has all the charm of an abandoned mental hospital- it's very drab, run down with scary looking stains in the hall carpets. It smells of urine on one floor and the second floor has an indescribable odor.The rooms were ok considering the type of place this is, but the service was horrific. I had gone with two other friends to see the Cure in concert. upon our return to the room at the end of the evening, we were in there 20 minutes talking when we were told to keep it down. No worries, we started talking in hushed tones. A while later, we were told to move to another room as we were again being too loud.Now I can understand if we were being loud, but we were talking just above a whisper. At this point, it was 2:20 in the morning. We were moved to a much smaller room on the second floor and it seems as though the people who had the room before us had a similar experience.... In the window, written in a white substance much like fake snow in a can at christmas was the word Enjoy!!! (I saw the view in the morning, there was barbed wire on top of the fence outside our window- nice touch)We had complained to the manager, but the person who told us we had to move, denied ever saying so claiming instead that at 2:20 in the morning, we had ASKED to be uprooted in our pajamas and crammed into a closet sized room.I am a 30 something year old who is well educated and well traveled. I've NEVER been subjected to an experience like this before- it was downright CREEPY.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeanki
<Content>Budget motel with some conveniences As others have mentioned, the location is very good, in between two T stops Symphony and Prudential (and easily walkable to Copley Square), and close proximity to the food and shopping at the Prudential Center. The hotel itself is more of a refurbished 50s style motor inn, with a no-frills white brick structure and a somewhat unpleasant dorm-like vibe. The rooms are perfectly adequate and clean and modern enough, but don't expect stylish. The beds were comfy. Unfortunately I couldn't sleep well the first night because my room faced the street. It seemed quiet during the day and isn't heavily trafficked, but at night every car sound seems to echo and magnify. The front desk was cordial about switching me to a quieter location, and that room had a newer carpet as well. I slept well one night, but the next, the hotel was filled with touring high school kids and my neighbors were rowdy into the wee hours of the night. Oh well.Overall a good value if you want a budget stay near downtown, but try to request an off street room and hope for the best. Parking costs are reasonable as well.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>claudandlucy
<Content>Good location, but terrible rooms and service There is no heat in the hotel, they have turned it off for the season. They think that is acceptable. They are operating the hotel with rooms below 60 degrees and are doing nothing. The hotel is in a good location and that is it. It is poorly maintained, poorly operated and without a doubt the worst room I have ever stayed in. I am writing the review from my room, I am under 3 blankets because it is so cold in the room. I called the front desk and there responce was that the heat is off for the season. It is below 60 degrees in my room and they are making no attempt to address the issue other than bringing us more blankets. If your considering this place in the spring or fall, you are in for a suprise. IF YOU HAVE ANOTHER OPTION, CHOSE IT, I JUST WANT YOU TO AVOID THE SAME BS WE ARE IN.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>walkingtraveler
<Content>Perfectly acceptable The Midtown Hotel's best feature was its location. It was walking distance to downtown Boston, and just a few blocks from the New England Conservatory of Music and the Museum of Fine Arts. The hotel was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. While it was not the most up-to-date building, it was in good condition. The only downsides were that the drain in our shower did not work, and the rooms seemed to be separated by just wallpaper; it was rather noisy. However, we would return to this hotel. Our overall experience was very good.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>esg-nyc
<Content>in need of major renovation The hotel is clearly in need of renovation and a more honest listings on hotel sites.When I checked in, I opened the window in my room only to find that it was broken and could not be closed.When I told the manager, he offered to have someone come up in a few hours and close it.When I pointed out to him that I intended to open and close the window a number of times and that I would like to be moved to a room with a working window he said it's an old hotel, All the windows are broken and he was right. The mechanism that cranked the window open and closed, on every window in the 5 other rooms they showed me was damaged, the window would open, but closing it was nearly impossible. In all but one, the bathroom vent was also broken.I was also a bit surprised as the thumbnail photo of the hotel on the hotels.com listing does not actually show the hotel. The images imply a large building, not the old, poorly maintained two story structure that is the hotel.The hotel summary also mis-states its distance from other locations, for example: the listing says One block from Copley Place, when in fact it is two full stops on mass transit away.I felt totally lied to and ripped off by my experience.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>havecardwilltravel
<Content>Great bargain Helpful staff, great location, clean room, comfortable beds. Close to the T and Prudential Center. Ate breakfast at Thorton's restaurant. Parking only $14.00. Given parking extension without charge second day so I could go to the Science Museum for the day before returning home. You can walk to Fenway for a tour. Will return here again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>TravelfunBedford
<Content>Great location. I would recommend this hotel as it is in a great location. Lots of eating places nearby. Walking distance to the main attractions. Really comfy beds to come back to at the end of the day. Clean room, clean large bathroom. Pleasant staff. Didn't eat here but there is a restaurant and a swimming pool. Underground parking. Well signposted so fairly easy to find. Not a lot of character to the hotel but perfectly adequate. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Timmycat
<Content>Excellent inexpensive family place Stayed from Dec 27-Jan1, chose bec. of reviews on this site. As with another poster, first impression was Oh Dear (very 50s/60s lobby  dreary but new gray paint on corridor walls) but our room was clean, security guy very evident esp. late at night, and wonderfully helpful cheerful staff changed that impression quickly. It's actually an old motor court type building, with cars corralled in the central courtyard -- ours slept there for $14/night. Beat that elsewhere in the city!  The first floor is nonsmoking (what we wanted)  these rooms are partially over this car court, so the floor was cold when we got in--but things warmed up when we turned on the heat. Do bring slippers or flip flops. The heat is air, not baseboard, and it blows in noisily unless you turn the blower very low, and the heat up--separate controls. The trick about the noise is turning the blower low. The TV was dismal ---small screen,  several channels very staticky esp the Weather Channel the one we really wanted! However, we had not come to Boston to sit in the hotel  watch TV! So it didn't really bother us. We paid $99/night the week between Christmas  New Years, so we have no complaints. The things we really wanted were cleanliness, safety  near to the T  we got those. We have stayed at 4  5 star hotels that were not as clean  had less pleasant staff. The rooms are huge by city hotel standards. Lots of room for families to spread out or for you to place your purchases if you are on a shopping expedition. The price allowed us to place more of our budget in enjoyments such as the ballet.  Our room appeared to have been redone recently---new dark green patterned carpet  new looking fabric on chairs, also Craftsman style headboards. There is a coffee maker  the little packets are replenished daily. Corian sink top was generously sized for placing toiletries  not getting them soaked. Sink is separated by pocket door from shower/toilet, and shower section has shelves above toilet for towels/clothes. However, the fan  lights are together which means the rather noisy bathrooom fan went on whenever you used anything---that I did find irritating.  On New Years Eve we did hear some guests going up  down the hall, but they weren't that bad  it only lasted a few minutes----and what else do we expect on New Years Eve? We did not ever hear our neighbors in rooms to either side at all.  There was a sign saying the in house restaurant is closed for renovations. The desk clerk also mentioned that some of the rooms in the smoking section, on the second floor, are being redone. The guest who had checked in just before us came right back to say his room smelled smoky, and they sent someone there to spray it with something that looked like a can of Lysol. This was a nosmoking room---I want to know why, oh why, do smokers smoke in nonsmoking rooms. There are people who request those rooms because they have asthma and the lingering smoke will trigger an attack of their disease---they aren't being snooty about your smoke; they just don't want to wind up in the hospital during their trip! Maybe all hotels should take Marriott's step  ban all smoking period.  There is internet connection in the lobby; we saw people using it. Our trip was pleasure only  we did not bring the laptop so I can't address the connections.  There is a T stop at Symphony, half block west, and another one block east at Prudential. Towards Pru less than a block a cafe, Thornton's, with really excellent breakfasts  lunches. The Prudential center is across the street  down the block. In the Pru center, there is a St Francis Chapel on the ground floor  we were able to go to Mass on Sunday morning. There is an Au Bon Pain right across from the chapel so you can go there for a bite after church if desired.  We wanted to watch the Pats/Giants game with others  had a teen with us, so she could not be in a pub or sports bar after 8 pm. We learned there is an Uno restaurant right up Huntington Ave past  across from Symphony Hall. It has loads of TVs  being a restaurant the underage can be there well into the night. It's on the same side of street as the Midtown.  We would go back to this hotel in a minute---while it is very simple in decor, the very affordable price  the excellent location, cleanliness  lovely staff made it the right choice for us. It is right between the museums we wanted to visit  the downtown things, and also has easy access to the Mass Pike to get in  out of town when we visited relatives in the burbs.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>TheHighrise
<Content>Bad soundproofing I was delighted to find such a reasonably priced hotel in Boston, and had high hopes for my stay.Check-in was friendly and efficient and I was assigned a room at the back of the building. The first night was fine (mainly due to jetlag!) but I began to notice the noise on the second day; my neighbours (a dad with two children) spent all evening shouting and running about in their room. The noise went on until about 3am at which point I may have banged on the wall!That morning I complained to the very helpful Ron at reception, who moved me to another room. After a couple of nights of (relatively) uninterrupted sleep, the New Year's revellers began to trickle in and the noise became unbearable. The rooms are badly soundproofed (I could hear my neighbour's ablutions!) and the doors slam.It was also a shame that the restaurant was closed, as that was another reason for my choosing the Midtown.On the whole, a good, clean hotel - friendly staff, but if you want a good night's sleep you may be out of luck.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Irishdancer
<Content>Loved the Midtown Hotel We stayed at the Midtown from 25th -30th October. Midtown is a lovely clean hotel quite big lots of corridors. Very clean bathroom, beds made everyday. Seperate washbasin. Plenty of hanging space and drawers. Coffee machine in the room, with replacement of tea/coffee daily. Clean towels daily. The reception staff are extremely friendly. and spoke everytime we entered the hotel. Midtown is directly opposite the Christian Scientist Church (beautiful building). Quite a few people think the Midtown is not central but I personally think its very easy to get to . Prudential Centre is a 2 minuite walk away the T is underneath the Centre. Lots of lovely shops. Thorntons Restaurant is a few doors away and they do great breakfasts (Yum).. The only downside is that it is on a main road and can be quite noisy at times. When we stayed the Red Sox had won the world series and decided that they were going to hold a parade a 2AM in the morning!!!!! (An impromptu parade) so we were up all night then. It is good for singles and families alike.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cxp
<Content>Good location and good value This is a great location for a convention I went to at the Convention Center and the Sheraton Boston. The room was nothing special, was clean, but no pictures or decorations. The staff were helpful.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>reirreug
<Content>Good standard hotel We booked the hotel because it was considerably cheaper than the exorbitant rates in other Boston city centre hotels. The first impression was that it was all rather basic, but we found as the week progressed we warmed to the hotel. The room was large and clean, it rather noisy being at the front of the building. Staff were helpful and courteous. It is very conveniently situated especially for the highly recommended Charlie's Sandwich Shoppe for breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>tamfoxy
<Content>OK Hotel Recently stayed here for one night OK but a bit far out for our liking.Room was large but very bland.As we were only staying for one night we didn't have much contact with the staff but they seemed quite friendly.If we went to Boston again we would look for somewhere a bit closer to the centre and with a bit more atmosphere.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prhuk
<Content>Very well priced and pleasant hotel This was easily the cheapest hotel we could find that was in Boston central (well, Back Bay but not far from the centre). A short walk to the underground it was very very well positioned for a budget hotel. We were given a huge room which was a little bland but was nevertheless clean and well maintained. There was no gym but the YMCA was a short walk away and was cheap with a day rate. This was a very reasonable hotel in every way and we were very pleased with it as a good budget experience. The receptionists were really welcoming and friendly too.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Pennsylvaniagirl28
<Content>great hotel, location, and price! I did a lot of checking when trying to find a hotel in Boston. The Midtown had the best price, and I received a AAA discount. Also, parking at any hotel is extremely expensive ($35.00 a night on average). The Midtown had the best price at $14.00 per night in a safe underground location right below the hotel. We didn't need use the car once!! Location of the Midtown was very good. We weren't right in the center of the city, but were close to many things. We saw a Red Sox game at Fenway and were within walking distance. We were very close to the Prudential Center where there is a mall and lots of shops and stores and restaurants. Also, very close to the subway, which we took to the North End for a fabulous dinner. There is a great little restaurant next door called Thorton's where we had breakfast twice. The staff at the hotel was friendly and accomodating. Although the hotel is a little on the older side, our king size room had new furniture and a very comfortable bed. The room was pretty big. Our room did face the main road (Huntington Ave.), but at night it was quiet and we did not hear any street noise. There was even a concierge who we asked a lot of questions to and we were given great advice. We even booked a trolley tour at a discounted price that picked you up one block from the hotel and looped around the entire city. It was great. All in all, I'd say this hotel is definetely worthwhile to stay at. It offers a great price and location. It's not as fancy as a Hilton or Radisson may be, but it was clean, comfortable and affordable. Recommended with flying colors!!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PaulTravels
<Content>Great Overall Value Our daughter is entering Northeastern U (NEU) as a freshman in September 07 so my wife, daughter and I stayed at the Midtown Hotel in July for NEU orientation. This hotel is two blocks from Northeastern.I have written and read many Trip Advisor reviews and the common thread I have found is that if a person perceives they received 鈥済ood value鈥?for their money, they are generally satisfied.鈥淕ood Value鈥?characterizes the Midtown. At every step we received a higher level of service, a cleaner larger room, higher level of attention from staff, and better overall location then we expected. For what we paid, which was less then half the price of the major chain/boutique hotels within 录 mile of this hotel, we were very satisfied. That said, I would be hesitant to recommend this hotel whole hearted to a friend because it is a some what Spartan hotel. On the other hand, we quickly tried to get a room in this hotel for parent鈥檚 weekend in October and it was sold out. So we certainly would consider this hotel again鈥攄efinitely---as well as many others it seems.The surroundings are safe, very easy walk to the Pru Center, Newberry, longer but very doable walk to Fenway, and for Northeastern, can鈥檛 be beat. Car parking is directly below the hotel for an additional $14/night. Here are many, many shops and eateries in the locale.If I were doing a comparison between this hotel and a national chain I would compare it to a well run Days Inn. If you can get a room in the Midtown Hotel, give it a try----don鈥檛 expect the Ritz, or the lobby glitz of a Marriott or Hyatt, but you will be happy with your stay.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>blayf
<Content>Problems, But I'd Stay There Again My family (two adults and two teenage boys) stayed at the Midtown Hotel for two nights and had a very enjoyable stay. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We had to report two problems with our room (TV remote didn't work and air conditioner condensation drip) and both were handled quickly and efficiently by a friendly maintenance man. The Midtown is located within easy walking distance to the Prudential Center, Copley Place, and subway stations. Our purpose was to tour the Freedom Trail and found that the Midtown Hotel provided a good balance between cost, parking, and location. I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>KathyBell
<Content>Great Hotel My daughter and I checked in at the Midtown Hotel on June the 21st 2007 for 4 nights. We were met at the door by a porter who carried our luggage to the reception and waited while we checked in. We had booked a single room each and were amazed, when we saw the size of them. My daughters was a double room and mine was a king sized room.The rooms were spotless as was the rest of the hotel. The area is lovely and within walking distance to the Prudential Tower and Boston Common, where you can follow the Freedom Trail to all the other attractions.We would definately stay at this hotel again, I cannot find fault with it. The same goes for the Hotel staff, who were friendly and helpful. Well done to the Midtown Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tas1340
<Content>Friendly, Convenient, and Priced right Stayed at the Midtown while going to a recent Red Sox game. A great location located between the Prudential Center and the Museum of Fine Arts. Not to mention about a 10-15 minute walk to Fenway. We had a room on the first floor, which I am told was recently renovated. A comfortable bed, lots of space, overall a nice room! I am not sure what the other reviewers mean by the staff, but they couldn't have been any nicer. Very accomodating and friendly. One of the desk clerks actually walked us out to the front of the building and helped us with directions to Fenway Park. Yes, the lobby furniture is a little dated and the hotel from the outside looks like it doesn't belong in a downtown City, but the rooms were comfortable and the staff was as friendly and helpful as any other hotel's (with more Stars) that we have experienced.Also they are now charging for parking, which used to be free I guess from reading past reviews, but at $ 12.00 it is pretty cheap when the Sheraton across the street is almost $ 40.00.Overall, if you want a nice clean place that is convenient, comfortable, with a friendly staff with no frills, but at a easy price on the wallet, I would recommend the Midtown. For what it is worth we will definately return next time we get Sox tickets.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>coto2
<Content>You can do much better We just returned from a brief trip to Boston and stayed at the Midtown for one Saturday night. We chose it after reading reviews here that suggested it if you were going to a game at Fenway due to it's proximity to the park and low parking rates. If your primary focus is to be close to Fenway and pay relatively little to park and you don't care much about the actual hotel experience, this will work for you. On the other hand, I wouldn't recommend it if you are at all looking for a nice, comfortable, quiet and well managed hotel. Everything about it feels budget and truly, it's just a motel that they plunked down in the middle of the city. There's nothing horrendous to report, just a lot of annoying issues with the room and the overall accomadations. We were very glad to move on from the Midtown and stay at the Commonwealth which is also very near Fenway, but a quantum leap in experience. Yes, it's more expensive, but in the case of the Midtown Hotel, you definitely get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>HandyguyNY
<Content>Clean but has some issues Good news first: the room was clean, relatively large for Boston, and the bed was comfortable. This may be enough for many visitors.The most serious problem for me was that windows on ground-floor rooms open right onto the sidewalk in the middle of the city. No bars or other security devices between you and a prowler. And plenty of loud traffic noise. And when I was there, the air conditioning was not working, so without the windows open it was uncomfortably stuffy. The front desk said to me when I mentioned this on checkout: Yeah, a lot of people complained it was too cold, so we turned the A/C off. Now everyone's complaining it's hot. Apparently not the most modern of heating systems!Also: no accessible electrical outlets for recharging your phone or iPod. Terrible, small, old TV. Embarrassingly cheapo furniture, other than the bed. Towels were fair but soap and shampoo were meager and motel-ish. Much higher rates on the weekend than on weeknights, so their trade is mostly tourists rather than business. I stayed there for a convention because the Sheraton was sold out. I'll keep looking next time.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Eire26
<Content>central and basic My friend and I stayed in the Midtown for 4 nites. Our visit to Boston was mainly for shopping. The Midtown is located beside the T line. The prudential centre is only a 10 min walk from the Hotel. The room was very big which allowed for the many shopping bags. our rooms were clened every day and we got cleans towels also. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The staff also arranged transpot for us to Wrentham Village and back to the airport. My only critiscism would be that there is no restaurant/bar or cafe in the hotel, but there is a litle cafe beside the hotel(at the T).All in all the hotel was a good choice although it was not the luxury of the Marriot up the street.Would highly recommend it for those who go for the shoppin!!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Centrehouse
<Content>Big Rooms OK hotel not luxury by any means and when I was in town for a convention very expensive.Large Rooms, good location, no facilities e.g no bar ,no restaurant.Good little cafe at the symphony hall end of the Hotel the Golden Horn not flashy but good mediterrean food from the Turkish owner. Also cafe for traditional breakfast 400 yds towards the Pru Centre.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>2stpddogz
<Content>nice place to stay My husband and I stayed at the midtown for an extended weekend. Recommended by a local college student because of the cheap parking fee. Not being from the area we were not familiar with the parking fees charged in Boston. The midtown had the cheapest parking.. The hotel is more like a motel in the middle of the city. We spend most of our time out about town only sleeping in our room .. Clean and close to T stations and shopping.. Nothing luxury about the hotel. If affordable and clean and location is what you are looking for midtown hotel is it..  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>scottish_sightseer
<Content>What's with all the NOISE!? Just thought I'd give a summary of the recent stay my wife and I had in the Midtown Hotel, Boston.Initial impressions of the place were good. Ron at the reception desk was very friendly, and our check-in was handled in a matter of seconds. An equally affable porter offered to take our bags to the room, which was number 172.The room was huge; two double beds, a desk, small table and seating area, plus a good sized bathroom with bath and shower. The facilities were good too - nice TV with plenty of channels, and a funky little cafetiere for making fresh coffee. Everything was very clean, though the decor was slightly dated, and the bathroom suite showed some signs of age. I'm not one to pick at such things, however, so all in all we were happy.Being somewhat jet-lagged, we decided a short nap was in order. Sadly, I didn't get a wink of sleep. No sooner had we settled down, we were subjected to an ongoing cacophony of slamming, shouting, and what sounded like the practising of an inexperienced drummer. The noise irritated me somewhat, but given that this was still only late afternoon, I wasn鈥檛 too bothered.Our siesta having been abandoned, we decided to explore a little. The location of the hotel was very good. The immense Prudential shopping centre was just a couple minutes walk away, and had a subway stop to get wherever we should want. Massachusetts Avenue, with its assorted shops and restaurants, was only a few minutes walk in the opposite direction.So, having been fed and watered, we returned to the hotel for a well-deserved (and by then long overdue) night鈥檚 sleep. Unfortunately, once again I found sleep hard to come by. It seems that the noise of the Midtown hotel persists at all hours of day and night. Doors slamming, voices shouting, and a variety of crashes, bangs and wallops - all conspired to rob me of a restful slumber. After two such disturbed nights, we did complain to reception, who said they could only help us if we were able to tell them which rooms, specifically, the noises were coming from. Not wanting to wander around the hotel in our pyjamas in search of the parties responsible, we decided just to grin and bear it. In time, we got used to the constant racket, but felt annoyed that we鈥檇 ever had to.In summary, I was a bit disappointed by the Midtown. The room was large, comfortable, and reasonably well-equipped, while the location was very good. However, the ongoing noise of the place 鈥?and the staff鈥檚 apparent unwillingness to help 鈥?put me off, and means that if I do ever return to Boston, it is unlikely I will rest my head at the Midtown.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>BigJaydog
<Content>ch ch ch check it out! Excellent location, spacious room and it appears the hotel is under a refurb so the summer might be a great time to go. Staff were friendly and the price was reasonable considering you are in the same vicinity as the Hilton and the Sheraton. Very close to the Cheesecake Factory which is great but not if you're watching the waistline.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>soarfoot
<Content>great central location My girlfriend and i stayed at this Hotel at the beginning of December while doing some Christmas shopping. I had never been to Boston before and did not realise how local and compact it was. The Midtown Hotel is the ideal location to base yourself from and it is definately value for money. We walked everywhere and were just across the street from the famous cheesecake factory restaurant which we couldn't fault.The rooms were modern and very clean. My only worry was the connecting door to another room but thats my only bad point. The staff at the desk were very helpful and we booked our bus to Wrythem village from here. We were collected from the door and dropped back in the evening.I would have no problems in recommending this Hotel to anyone. Boston is a great city with great bars and restaurants and great shopping. Will definately go back.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>skylady
<Content>Excellent Location - Not for Romance My Husband and I stayed at the Midtown for 3 nights Nov 16-19th. The room was dated but who cares we only slept there. The location was fantastic. We walked to the Prudential T stop and took it everywhere. Since the weather co-operated we could walk the freedom trail and more. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and friendly. By the way the meter taxi from the airport was $28 dollars (it included tolls). I would recommend this hotel to couples who want to see the sights of Boston without the high cost of the hotel. If we had our kids we may of went more upscale for the pool. Overall it was a good experience for the money.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Scottishperson
<Content>Fab Location       The room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>junesun911
<Content>Great Location, Clean Hotel Just stayed at this hotel with a couple of girlfriends for the weekend. Toured around boston.The midtown is a great location, one block from the T (Subway) or else u can walk 2 blocks down and one block over to the PRUDENTIAL CENTER which is a mall and a T station underneath. Hotel was clean and felt safe. Parking is cheap (you have to pay for parking all over boston!!) duck tours takes off from THE PRUDENTAL center, so we were able 2 get there early and catch the 2nd tour out (cause they sell out very fast). There is no frills in this hotel, good price, good location, clean.Internet you have to pay for :(  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	1	

<Author>A&YJ
<Content>Excellent Value The Hotel is situated just where you want a Hotel to be! The sights and centre of Boston are but moments away.We stayed at the Hotel last week and were very, very comfortable there. The staff were all friendly and efficient, our room was clean and comfortable, and if you require assisatnce then nothing is too much trouble.Next time we are in Boston, then we shall be staying here.A  Y JohnsonUK  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NJGIRL
<Content>Great value! The Midtown Hotel is just what it should be. Basic, clean, quiet, and cheap. With many Boston hotels averaging $250 per night, we had a perfectly acceptable king-size room for just under $100 including parking. Don't expect the Ritz but it's just fine for those of us who only want a clean, comfortable room, a bathroom that works, acceptable sound-proofing, and a staff that is helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Andrew-Beaumont
<Content>Good Base For Exploring Arrived in Boston for three nights from New York. Very tired when we reached the hotel but staff were excellent with us. My wife and I had 2 children and a baby with us and we all fitted in one room - crib fitting between two double beds. Location of this hotel is fantastic. Almost opposite Prudential Centre and walkable to just about everywhere. This was the first time we had been to Boston and just needed the hotel to be a base - it was more than that. Kids loved the swimming pool. Free parking was a godsend - we collected Dollar car from their office at Marriot Copley - very close to hotel - and then came back to Midtown and parked whilst we checked out. Thanks Midtown.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>saraquails
<Content>Great Hotel! I have stayed at the Midtwon with a friend for a two night stay and I was very satisfied with my choice. The room we stayed in was very spacious, with two large queen beds, a big TV, a nice dresser with a big mirror, a table with two chairs and a big wardrobe. The bathroom was good enough:pretty small with a bathtub but very very clean and with loads of fresh towels everyday. In the room we also found a long list of restaurants from where we could order in. The staff at the Midtown was friendly enough and very helpful. One of our suitcases got lost at the airport and the guy at the reception desk offered many times to call British Airways to help us locate it, and when it finally arrived at the hotel they brought it directly to our room. The location of the Midtown is very good, it's just in front of the Scientist Church (which I think is beautiful!) and a few steps from Prudential Center, where there are many shops and restaurants (Top of the Hub...very posh!). There are two T stops (subway) really only a couple of minutes away (even though I have to say that the trains are not many and that we pretty always waited a few good minutes to get on one!). The Museum of Fine Arts is within walking distance (10 minutes tops!) and so is Copley Square. Although the actual city centre (around Fenueil Hall) is quite distant if you're walking from the Midtown, it's only about 3 or 4 T stops away, and even if you have to wait a little for the train to arrive it never takes more than 20 minutes!I will defintely stay there again next time I'll visit Boston!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>bOOleansVarKK
<Content>Thank you Midtown We just arived home this evening, we has a fantastic stay at the Midtown. My husband and I are over 30 grad students, so we have standards, but not a lot of money. Our stay at Midtown was really great! The decore is late 90's, but rooms are very clean and the staff is extremely helpful!Things that I wanted during my stay:1.) Glass tumblers - I prefer drinking water out of Glas rather than plastic.2.) Computer access - The Midtown does offer free wireless service, but I choose not to travel with my computer. I would have liked the ablity to use a computer at the hotel (i.e to print out my boarding passes, rather than go to Kinkos!I would stay at this hotel again and highly recommend that this is a good value, for a great price (oh, I booked with Expedia). Oh Lastlty - the name is a reflection on it's location - it really is in the middle of everything - even located between 2 T stops!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>vter
<Content>Good Location  Since we were driving in from Vermont we were looking for a hotel with parking and someone recommeded the Midtown as there is free parking. Parking is located under the hotel. Location is great - we were able to walk to/fro Fenway Park for the baseball game we were in town attending. It's a quick walk to Copley Place and the Prudential Center for shops  restaurants. A T stop is just up the street from the hotel. The hotel itself is an older low-rise motor inn type place. Looks really out of place! The room we had was fairly large and was clean. The decor was definately outdated (if thats important to you) and I agree with an above poster that the mattress was a bit too soft  lumpy. But, for $179 per night with free parking, I'm not complaining! Definately a best bet in Boston if you're trying to watch your dollars. We'll stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yorks-27
<Content>Good Location but a tired room. Hotel in a very good position and was very handy for the main attractions in Boston. The staff are very friendly also.Our main complaint was the room with the hairdyer not working, shower head hanging of the wall. Air conditioning was noisy and smelly and the mattress was very soft.Overall the hotel is in need of some updating but if you do not mind the above then it is ideal to explore all attractions.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>drjello
<Content>great deal for good location me and my girlfriend stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. our room was pretty big and very clean. the people at the help desk were always friendly and helpful. the swimming pool is ok but not very big or new. the location is definetely a plus. it's located steps from the T station (subway station), Northeastern University, Newbury Street and the prudential center (shops and good reusterants). I would definetely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>FriendlyCanadian
<Content>Good value hotel This hotel was in a great location. I was on vacation with a friend and we were easily able to walk to restaurants, shops, and to see the sites. In my research of Boston this hotel combined the best location with the best price - not that it was inexpensive. The other close hotels seemed priced at 250+ and I paid under 200 including tax. The hotel was clean (though old and a bit run down) and the staff were really nice. I would not say it is a top of the line hotel but if you are looking to stay at a good location in the city and are not super picky this is a great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>rockscorpion
<Content>Mid Town, mid price, good value My wife and I used this hotel in late June for an overnight stay before travelling to Northren Vermont.Fulfilled our requirments and it's location near the Coply/Prudential centres was ideal for our short stay. Rooms clean, beds comfortable. Room faced the street and we were not disturbed by noise. Hotel staff were excellent.We would use it again when in Boston.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gotthemeyes
<Content>Great for the price  My husband  I went to Boston for a concert @ Fenway, and I was pleasantly surprised how clean it was, and what a great location. It was inexpensive for Boston, and I wasn't expecting much. It was a very short walk to Fenway and to the T, since you do NOT want to drive around Boston! If you are looking for fancy, do not stay here - but if you are looking for clean, inexpensive way to stay in Boston, try it.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Travlin'Bug
<Content>Good covenient location; Bad night's sleep PROS: We stayed at the Midtown three nights the weekend prior to 4th of July. I agree that the location is good if you are going to Fenway, Copley Place, Prudential Center, or the Symphony... when you get off the Symphony T-stop the hotel is right there, and you can walk to all of the above on a nice day, or make us of the T-stops. We still needed the T to get us to Freedom Trail/Boston Commons  the New England Aquarium... would've been quite a long walk for the kids. There are plenty of restaurants a short distance to Prudential, and the concierge is helpful  knowledgable. The rooms were very clean  a decent size for the price. Parking is Free... a big plus if you have to bring a car... probably the biggest reason to justify staying here (saves you $20-30 per night elsewhere).CONS: The beds in our room were very unconfortable... noisy/creaky, very springy with every toss  turn,  you feel like you lean to the middle. Our son decided it was more comfortable on a pallet on the floor. The buiding is old (but neat  clean)  the floors seem hollow  walls thin... we had noisy teens above us  you could hear every slam of their connecting doors, each step as they ran  jumped across the floors,  talking  laughing all night. They had fun... we didn't sleep. We were on the first floor, so if we returned we only want a top floor room. Management did talk to them about the noise on our 2nd request at 1:30 a.m., so at least the jumping around stopped. This was our worst sleeping experience in a hotel...and we were really only there to sleep  shower... we were out enjoying the city all day long. For the price, next time we'd probably stay further out  just ride the T into town... we value a good nights sleep after walking the city all day.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bast89
<Content>Nice little hotel ! I spent 4 nights in Boston last April with my family and the Midtown Hotel was perfect for our budget. After our arrival, we were nicely surprised by the friendly service of this hotel (the lobby people was so kind !). We then were surprised by the large size of the room ! Perfect for us. The room was simple but nice looking, the bathroom had recently been refurbished, it was clean and nice. Idealy situated on Huntington Av, this hotel is close to Boston's Prudential Center, a nice mall, and at a 10-minutes walk to Boston Common Park, the State House and the Freedom Trail.We had a nice time at the Midtown, a nice little hotel !  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WI_travel12
<Content>OK for a short stay The Midtown was fine for just a couple nights with our children.Location was good - walking distance to Fenway  T stops. Front desk was helpful  a tour desk is also located in the lobby. The building is obviously old but they have done some remodeling - updated bathrooms, carpeting, etc. We actually stayed in two different rooms because we had an unwelcome critter in our room the first night. Managment addressed situation immediately and we were ultimately satisfied with their compensation. Our first room overlooked the parking lot (Free Parking by the way - big plus) -- the second was facing the street. The noise from traffic  people walking by was quite loud and that was difficult with our young children. Outdoor pool was fine - decent temperature, towels were provided, clean  attendant was on duty.Although Breakfast is Not included, the Cafe does offer a large menu for breakfast  prices and service were good.Overall - OK price for a decent locaton -- but we'll probably try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Merrimack_N_H_Roadie
<Content>A Gem for Location and Price We were not expecting too much, based on prior reviews, but were pleasantly surprised! My husband and I were in town for two days, mainly to see a Red Sox game. We decided to make a real visit of it and came in through the subway, which very conveniently had a stop so close to the Midtown Hotel that we could see it from the street as soon as we exited the subway! Though by no means a fancy hotel, I thought the hotel was well worth the money. The Prudential is one block away, offering budget priced, delicious food. We walked to Fenway Park-it was that close. After the game, I was disapointed there were no restaurants close to the hotel still open, but the front desk clerk advised that there was a pizza place open until 12:30 a.m., only 3 blocks from the hotel. He had recommended Boston House of Pizza, but being tired, we missed it, and went into the tiny pizza place right next to B.H.O.P. instead, and were glad we did. The atmosphere was nothing, but the pizza was excellent and very reasonably priced.  Although I mostly agree with the reviews concerning the furniture, I did not find the accommodations as run down as suggested, nor did I expect much better, considering the price of the other hotels in the same vicinity. Bonus-the rooms are very large. If you cannot afford the Ritz, and we certainly can't, this hotel is well worth the price tag-and the location cannot be beat! We either walked to most places in Boston, or took the subway to the more distant spots, with the subway entrance right at the Prudential. The outdoor pool was quite nice, with lounge chairs all around. I did walk into the hotel restaurant, but decided not to try the food as it was miserably hot in there-and no air conditioning-or it wasn't turned on. Only 2 small problems-at 6:00 a.m. it was not possible to get really hot water, only warm, and the first floor ice machine was broken the whole time we were there. These were not huge problems, though, only annoyances. The hotel concierge was very knowledgeable and directed our trips on the subway perfectly. He could even tell me if there was a local Dunkin Donuts and when it opened, something I greatly appreciated!  Overall, it is not the Ritz, but I feel the very reasonable room rate and awesome location more than make up for a lack of luxury! We plan on returning to Boston soon and will definitely stay at the Midtown again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great hotel My wife and I spent 5 nights here on our first visit to this wonderful city. The location is perfect and free parking in downtown Boston is fantastic. Have to agree with a previous reviewer that you need to ask for a room at the back of the property - the road at the front is VERY noisy. The rooms were well cleaned daily, the linen and towels changed and the knowledgeable and friendly lobby porter(s) were more than happy to impart their advice. Don't get me wrong, this hotel is not Holiday Inn standard, but for a budget hotel within 5 mins walk of the Prudential Centre and with a T-stop and Duck Tour stop virtually outside the door, it is a really good value-for-money Boston property.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>racitonleroy
<Content>If it had a makeover it would be great! The hotel itself gave us no complaints nor did it give us anything to rave about. With a makeover it would be really cute - however, the cheap early 80's furniture and the didgy appearance of the common areas would turn a lot of people off.The rooms themselves are very spacious - with a couch and dinning table ( although neither was comfortable or very good quality - even for a hotel! ). Our bed was not the most comfortable - but nor were many other beds in our 10 week trip!The staff were quite polite and willing to assist - and a bonus was being able to book tour tickets and be picked up and dropped off at the hotel door!The location was really good and lets face it...you are there to see the city or whatever, not to stay in a hotel room the whole time! It was an easy walk to the Prudential Centre and Newberry St with all the shopping and dining options you could ask for.And the FREE PARKING was a real bonus - considering that this is a more reasonably priced hotel.I would recommend this hotel to others - but with a warning that the decor is dated and not the best quality. So if you plan to only sleep and shower there - I would stay there and spend your money on a nice meal or shopping!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Midtown Just home from 2 night stop at this hotel where I stayed with my son. Found it to be excellent from check in to all personnel working in hotel. Location is absolutely superb for enjoyment of all this beautiful city has to offer!!Just one little point, maybe request room at back of hotel, Just a little noisy at front of house. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Call to confirm your room requests ahead of time!! I booked this hotel through Expedia, and requested a non-smoking room. When I checked in, the manager on duty said to me, Unfortunately, we don't have any non-smoking rooms available. I hadn't mentioned anything to him about it, so I figured he must have seen my reservation request. I said, but I specifically requested a non-smoking room, and he said, yes, and we try to honor those requests, but we can't guarantee them if people check in before you who have also requested non-smoking. Later, as he was finishing my paperwork, he said, Again, I'm sorry, we just didn't get your request from Expedia. If we had gotten it, we would have honored it. Now I was pissed...because this was a flat-out lie. He obviously forgot that he was the one who first brought up the subject, and that the only way he could have known I wanted non-smoking, is because he saw it on the reservation request. The best he could do was offer to move me to a non-smoking room for our second night.Smoking room: it was terrible. It not only smelled heavily of stale smoke, but also of stale urine (even my husband, a former smoker couldn't stand it). The room decor was old and like a cheap motel (for example, the tv wasn't inside a wooden armoire, but was perched on top of a pole that was screwed into the floor.) I had to put a t-shirt over my pillow just to sleep because the pillow stank of smoke. I kept waking up coughing because of the condition of the room. Thankfully, the next night we were moved to a non-smoking room.Non-smoking room: This room was a completely different class of room, and was more like what I was expecting from the internet pictures. It was newer, had nice dark furniture (tv was inside of an armoire), it was bigger, clean, it smelled fresh, and was a great deal. If I could have stayed in this room for the entire stay, and had never seen that other room, I would have rated this hotel above average. The place really is in a nice location (walking distance to prudential center, the T, and great restaurants/shopping), and you can't beat having free parking in downtown Boston! The price is really excellent, but before staying there again, I would call and confirm any and all room requests, or else you might get stuck in that pit of a room we had.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing .. Smelly hotel. Smelly and unclean.Staff member is unhelpful.If i can do it again, i would stay the many hotels near by.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location Great! The rest? The location of the Midtown was AWESOME. Close to Fenway, The Prudential Center, many restaurants, and much more. The room looked nothing like the pictures posted on this or their website. The window in our room was broken. I couldn't open or close it ,t was stuck open. Therefore extremely loud in the morning. Traffic was too loud for me. Lastly, everytime someone around us closed their door, you could hear it bang shut. You get what you pay for. Other hotels near there are much more.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nedzer
<Content>Life in a dormitory I stayed four night here in early April, 2006. The atmosphere was very institutional. The hallways and common areas were tired and dingy. It was depressing to enter into the hotel. It was like a bad college dorm. That said, my room was clean and reasonably spacious. As long as I stayed in the room and out of the common areas, I had no major complaints. In the case of this hotel, you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good experience... Got to the hotel, not as close to center city as we expected but is a nice hotel. Our room had two full beds, instead of one king, but that worked out fine considering that my boyfriend is a snorer anyway lol. The view from our room was amazing, it was facing this gorgeous church and a waterway between us. It was great. The hotel staff was very nice but was unable to let us leave our car there for a few hours on checkout day. We ended up paying the hotel $20 to leave the car there until 5pm on checkout day. Not soo bad, just thought they would be able to do it as a courtesy considering the lot was half empty anyways. But overall we had a great trip, too bad the weather was awful (cold, about 35 degrees and rainy) but we made the best of it. :)  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>angelbyus
<Content>simple and clean I stayed at the hotel with my 14 year old daughter to visit my other daughter at Northeastern University.The staff was great / check in was a breeze. the room was nice and clean. the bathroom was a little small ,but clean. you can't beat the free parking . would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DaveH-ExPat
<Content>Delivers as a well-located basic, budget accomodation.               More photos  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachlovers17
<Content>A great find! Great location, free parking, very helpful and nice staff. The coffee shop made a great breakfast with good coffee. Nothing fancy - Bed and pillows were ok - everything was clean. Would certainly stay here again. And if you're looking by chance for a Catholic Church, there's one two blocks away in Prudential Center (a big mall) Subway is also a block away. We arrived at 5:25 pm and were in our room by 5:30. Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AllanB
<Content>Would have bee okay except for the mouse and the glue traps The title says it all. I got in at 10:30pm and there were glue traps in the room. Being tired and hungry, I found a pizza place, then walked over to the Sheraton and Hilton across the street to see if I could book a room. $299 and $349 were a bit steeep, so I head back to my room at Midtown and the glue traps are magically gone. Well, this is a surprise as I had the Please Do Not Disturb thingy on the door.Next morning I head off to Linux World Expo, have dinner with a friend and head back to the hotel. About an hour later oy little friend the mouse, scampers across the room. Okay, the location is great. Right near a subway, easy to walk downtown or Fenway if you're into walking, but I'm staying someplace else next year.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cruisingbug
<Content>Best Value in Boston-FREE PARKING! After reading reviews, we decided on Midtown mostly for its free parking. We booked a room for about $90 per night and were pleasantly surprised upon check-in. The place is nothing fancy, but suited us fine. The room was quite large, bigger than the one we'd had at our supposedly 3-star place in Plymouth, very clean, and included a coffeemaker, hairdryer, etc. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel is located in the Back Bay area, within easy walking distance of the Prudential building, with its many stores, restaurants and T stop.I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't have carte blanche on an expense account - it was easy to drive to, had a secure, free parking area, and was a great value!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LondonParisRomeLover
<Content>It's ok to stay here Small hotel, but reasonably clean, decent rooms, much cheaper than any other of the surrounding hotels. Free parking is a big bonus, but the ceiling entering the garage is low! Make sure you didn't tie anything to the roof of your car! This is a good place if you are visiting Boston to check out colleges, or visiting someone going to school in Boston. Very convenient to all the sites and colleges. Safe. Not much to eat in the hotel, but you can easily walk anywhere nearby for a meal. If you are coming from far away for a dream vacation to the USA or the Boston area, you should probably stay somewhere fancier. There are plenty of great hotels in this part of town.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Richy_m_99
<Content>If your looking for a hotel that won't break the bank I came across the Midtown entirely by accident while looking for a place to just chill for a week away from work. I would normally go to New York, but this year, anything below $150 a night for a single room, and you start noticing words like mice, roaches and in desperate need of cleaning. So I looked a bit further afield and came up with this gem.They are certainly not words that you are ever likely to find in any review of this hotel. Sure, it doesn't look flashy, especially against the high rise Hilton and Sheriton across the road, but it's clean, comfortable, friendly and in a location that makes the life of a tourist very easy. Oh, did I mention it's also very cheap! Thanks to one of their special offers, I paid only $400 for six nights for single occupancy of a double room which was massive compared to some hotel rooms I've paid a lot more for.As well as being fairly large, the room I had was clean, plenty of storage space, with a well supplied bathroom with plenty of hot water (but it takes about a minute to come through so let it run before climbing in the shower). The beds were comfortable enough even for someone like me who rarely sleeps well in a strange bed. The only disappointing thing was the lack of tea making facilities. They do provide a coffee percolator but no way of simply boiling hot water. Some of the reviews on here have criticised the customer service at the hotel, but I have to say that they couldn't have been more helpful and friendly. Finding somewhere to eat wasn't a problem either. I didn't use the cafe attached to the hotel, mainly because of the limited menu and the fact that nobody else seemed to use it. For breakfast, I can recommend Thorntons diner about 100 yards up towards the Prudential Centre, and in the evening you've got the whole of Boston to choose from thanks to the MBTA (the T as it's known locally) station (Symphony or Prudential on the Green E line) being on the doorstep with a direct link into the heart of the city. The proximity to the tram line was a godsend, as it meant that I didn't have to plan for a whole day out and carry everything I needed. I could go out and do some shopping in the morning, slip back to the hotel lunchtime, and be back in the City in 30 minutes to do some sight-seeing in the afternoon. It's also cheap to get around on the T, a 7 day visitors pass costing $35 which is good for the trams, subway buses and some local commuter rail journeys.As a first time visitor to Bostom, I was well impressed, enough that I will no doubt return and would have no hesitation in going back to the Midtown. It had everything that I wanted to make a holiday comfortable and enjoyable. I probably wouldn't have gained any more benefit if I had stayed at the Sheriton.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>commscholar
<Content>Nice stay at Midtown This hotel is not fancy. But it is clean and sufficient. You can get amazing deals on the place, making it one of the best deals in the heart of Boston. If you're planning on seeing the Boston sites and not spending a lot of time in your room, this place is perfect, and less than a block from Metro stops. If, however, you want to spend a lot of time in your room and want to hang out at the hotel, this is probably not the best place. It does have a pool, but it's not fancy. It has a restaurant, but it's mostly sandwiches and pizz. This was fine with me, since I could afford this restaurant, but almost never eat in fancy restaurants at hotels. I thought the place was perfect for me.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sandipbapat
<Content>Great location and price, helpful staff The Midtown is located in a great place, easily accessible by Subway and within walking distance of a lot of places and much cheaper than the hotels around it. The staff was extremely helpful during my stay and I found the rooms to be clean and spacious. Not the best looking or fanciest of hotels but certainly good value for the money.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>loseapoint
<Content>Location, location, location If the three most important features of a city centre hotel are 'location, location, location', then head for the Midtown.We liked:-1. Location within walking distance of Copley Square, Prudential Building2. On Trolley Bus Route3. Large room with 2 chairs and table (but no desk)4. Helpful concierge staff5. Good price with parking includedWe didn't like:-1. Stingy with coffee making facilities (one coffee sachet - one coffee pouch, 2 sugars, 1 creamer sachet) per double room per day is downright mean !We stayed for 2 nights and ate dinner at the Brasserie Jo (in the Colonnade Hotel just along Huntington Ave.) on the first night and at the Legal Sea Food (in Copley Place)on the second. Both were excellent and well recommended.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Pearsons
<Content>Great location Enjoyed our stay very much.Clean and comfortable.Great location,especially for walking in Boston.Front desk v.helpful.Good breakfast at Thorntons,just a few steps away.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>johnnw
<Content>Most Highly Recommended This is an excellent, great value low-rise hotel that was a total pleasure to stay at. Staff could have not been more helpful. To be picky, the location wasn't great for evening dining options (unless you're under 25), and water in the bathroom could have been warmer, but overall this is super value, close to the T and very comfortable (and a great breakfast diner two minutes away, between the hotel and Prudential).  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, very Helpful Desk Staff Stayed for four nights. The front desk staff went out of their way to be helpful to us. The rooms were fine. Good deal and GREAT location.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Frostycat
<Content>No problems at all We tend not to stay in 4/5 star hotels in cities, because we never spend much time in our room, so we chose this hotel because it was very well positioned, and cheap. We were not disappointed. OK if you want luxury, this ain't it, but the room was huge, clean and absolutely fine. There is no restaurant (just an adjoining cafe) but with Copley Square and the Prudential Center just a 2-minute walk away (literally) who cares? We found a different place for breakfast every day and you can walk everywhere from this hotel, although if you don't want to, the Beantown Trolley Tours stop right outside, and there are two subway stops within a very short walk.What's to complain about? If you want luxury, pay luxury prices, but if you want a good-value city hotel in an unrivalled position, you can't go wrong with the Midtown. No problems at all.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing hotel rooms was dark. Powerpoints were not working. Handy for the main sites. Cafe food was expensive and staff unhelpful. Would not recommend this hotel  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nancy14
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at the Midtown Hotel from August 27 until August 31.We had a large, clean room. We had a really nice time, also we were close to all the atrractions.I would recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel We, a couple from Germany, stayed at the Midtown hotel for four nights and really enjoyed it. We had a big room which was very clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The price was perfectly low - compared to other hotels in Boston. And not to forget the good location... It's just a few minutes walk to Prudential Center and Copley Place. We can really recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>OverworkedMedStudent
<Content>Comfortable We stayed here a couple of months ago, and found it to be clean, comfortable and accomodating. The hotel is an odd 2-storey layout, but rooms are large, clean with decent ensuites. It's placed in a great location in Back Bay, with short walks to the Symphony and Prudential T stations.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jrockmac
<Content>Needs some updating The rooms were clean and respectable. The hotel staff was very accomodating. The hotel was located in a great location. The air conditioner was very loud and did not work very well. Filter of the air conditioner needed changing.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kariluz
<Content>Ok This hotel was great for me and my family. The location was perfect and the hotel was quite and clean. The room was big and comfortable. My husband stayed at the hil and he said that the room in the Midtown hotel are bigger and cheaper. This hotel have very near a subway station and the Prudential Center.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Utilitywood
<Content>You cannot trust the hotel staff First I have to say that I was prepared to give more stars than two for this property. Location is great, and many facilities (including outdoor pool) also. However, the customer service in this hotel needs clearly some improvement. I was on a business trip having a conference at the nearby Haynes Convention Center. Since my flight back to Europe did not leave until 8 pm in the last day of the conference, I asked late check-out at 5 pm from the reception day before the end of my stay, like I usually do in this kind of cases. Friendly lady at the reception said that I can have the late-checkout, with half of the room price extra, which sounded reasonable enough to me. On that evening I did no packing, but stayed outdoors because I thought that I can return to the hotel after the conference (in the next afternoon). In the morning when my stay was supposed to end and I was in a hurry for the last day of my conference, I found a bill from my room door which stated that my stay ends at noon. In the bill there was no mention nor added price due to the promised late check-out. At that moment of time I thought there must be somekind of mistake, and went to the reception in order to have a new bill with correct details. But this time in the reception there was an older gentleman who was extremely rude to me. He told that since two large groups are coming to hotel on that day I cannot keep the room until 5 pm like I was promised, but I will have to leave at noon. After I said that I was attending to a major conference and the late check-out was ordered already a day before, he said yes, but she (the lady who gave me the late check-out) is not entitled to promise that kind of thing - like the customer should know that! Then I told him that if I cannot stay until 5pm, I have to quit my conference early and return to hotel in order to pack. He was not very interested, but checked the reservation system, and told that he can let me stay in my room until 5pm after all - but only if I pay the full price of the room (!). So there was space in the hotel, but it was all about the money... When I heard this I quit conversation with this guy. Luckily I was participating in a major conference since when the conference organizers heard that I have to quit my conference early because of this, they phoned the hotel twice, and asked what is going on with my reservation. Only after this happened, the hotel agreed that I can stay until 5pm with the price promised earlier (half price of the room, not the full price). When I went back to hotel the guy in the reception pretented like he does not see me at all, and clearly tried to avoid me as much as possible - no apologies whatsoever. To conclude this I have to say that if you cannot trust the hotel staff, but need to ask everything in written form - what kind of hotel it is? I have traveled in 40 countries in every continent, and this was the first time that I encountered with this kind of customer service. I consider this sad, since otherwise the hotel staff were quite nice.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keef123
<Content>couldn't fault it for the price my wife and i stayed at the mid town hotel for two nights, june 4th 5th 2005 on our first visit to boston. a little nervous having read some of the reports.our opinion ?ok it's not the ritz, but for the price, location and free car parking, couldn't fault it, would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>puddey
<Content>great location Myself and my husband and 10yr old daughter stayed here on an early christmas shopping trip. Nov 2004. This hotel has a great location,we walked everywhere. Our room was huge and clean. We got a great package for 4 nights. A small tip if you are a brit visiting here , try to avoid thanksgiving as the whole place shuts down. Its not like new york , no parades here.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and Quiet! The room was spotless when I walked in and cleaned to perfection each day of my stay. I never heard a sound from another room either upstair or next door during my stay.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I checked out within 20 minutes! If you like a drab, scary, dated and depressing motel (it is only a couple stories tall) then the Midtown is for you. I read the reviews before we went to Boston and was concerned but I was on a class trip with my child. I figured it would be a typical budget hotel and I did not want my kid to be different by staying at a nicer hotel. When we got our room it was not cleaned yet. I asked the very friendly front desk clerk for another room and she promptly handed me new keys. When we opened the door it was even dirtier. The elderly housekeeper started cleaning it but when she left it still had lint on the carpets and the bathroom floor had hair and dirt. My son sat on the bed and upon hearing the loud boing he asked if it was made of rubber! The bathroom was very small, the ceiling was water damaged and the room was humid. I quickly called the Ritz Carlton on Arlington Street and booked a room. They sent a taxi to come get us and we left through the lobby faster than Speedy Gonzales. The Ritz was great, make sure and see my review. I admit it I am spoiled and I like luxury. I would have stayed if it were a decent Holiday Inn or other major chain, but it was not even close.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NicholaB
<Content>Reasonably Priced Central Hotel Extremely large bedroom. Though the hotel was slightly tatty all was very clean and the staff very helpful. The hotel is within walkable distance of the main tourist sights and the restaurants and bars of Boston.Cost us 拢172 for 3 nights midweek. Would recommend.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too bad for the price, great location! The hotel is in a convenient location, close to the subway system which we used often without any problems. The Old Town Trolley Tour stops right outside the hotel. The hotel is in a good walking distance to many attractions, i.e. Boston Common, Prudential Centre, Museum of Fine Arts  Newbury St (good people watching!) We walked to and from the hotel at night and felt perfectly safe, also felt safe at night on the subway.Staff were accommodating, we were booked into a twin room and they arranged a king bed on request. Rooms are dated, but large  clean and that is all we needed as we were only in the room to sleep. Our room faced Huntington Ave (main road) but we did not have any problems with traffic noise. For the price we would recommend.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location but needs maintenance The favorable amenities of this hotel are its convenient location, friendly staff and safe below ground parking which is free. But in a crowded neighborhood like downtown Boston, there is no such thing as free.The hotel is conveniently located near the Prudential Business Center, the Hynes Convention Center, Copley Square and Boston Common and within walking distance of Fenway Park. So far as comfort is concerned, the hotel, which is a low rise and quite a hike from the lobby to the restaurant or most distant rooms, is vastly overpriced. It would seem the cost of the free parking is made up in the price of the room.The building and its amenities range from bland to jaded. Though our room was clean and spacious enough, with plenty of closet and drawer space, the air conditioner would not work because it was between seasons. And the casement window, when opened, could not be closed all the way because the gear was stripped on the handle, a sign of poor maintenance. With the rooms facing busy Huntington Avenue, street noise is prevalent. Least recommended is Pepperoncini's Restaurant attached to the hotel at the far end. Simply bad food, including breakfast and cheap coffee!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Justnin
<Content>Needs new owners and managers For the thifty family needing a Symphony/Prudential Hotel: This place has the monopoly for those locations, but that is all. This Hotel is bare-bones/sleep if you can/ minimum effort lodging. The lighting, bathroom doors and cable T.V must have been installed by overnight dim-wit contractors, because they hardly ever work. The management and staff need some real customer service training, but are never completely rude. It's sad, but the Midtown seems to get worse with each visit. If you want the best economy location in Boston for the bargain $130 a night(off season)- here you are. Other than that, you might want to opt for the slightly cheaper Howard Johnson at Fenway, or slightly more expensive Doubletree Hotel Downtown/China Town.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WJFlanagan
<Content>Very Satisfied with Service, Room and Location The hotel is at a great location, one block north of the Symphony T Green Line stop and one block south of Prudential, within walking distance of the Northeastern campus and the Prudential Mall. The first night I had a ticket to hear the Boston Symphony at Symphony Hall and walked there from the hotel--less than a block--in under ten minutes.There is a restaurant onsite but it was closed when I was there in late January. On the other hand, between the mall (which has several chain restaurants in it) and the campus, there are plenty of places to eat and to pick up incidentals. The rooms were bigger than I expected based on my experience with other budget hotels, not lavishly furnished (just a functional table and two chairs) and the bathrooms were on the small side. The front desk was extremely helpful, allowing early check-in and trying to meet all requests (a room away from the street, a nearby room for a companion who checked in a day later than I did); you can also leave your bags with the bell captain on the day you check out if you want to do some sightseeing before heading to the airport; a couple that checked out ahead of me was told they could leave their car in the parking garage for a couple of hours (if they removed it before check-in time) while going around the city. The only complaints I had were that the elevator was not centrally located and there was no ice machine on the second floor: You had to traipse down to the first floor.Certainly, I wouldn't expect a luxury experience for this price, but, except for the minor caveats listed, I was fully satisfied based on realistic expectations.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Surprise! My wife and I stayed here from Dec 30 - Jan 3. The hotel is in a great location. The hotel looks like it is stuck in the 60's but the room was clean and that was all we needed. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>welovehhi
<Content>Fabulous place for the money You can't beat the MidTown for the money ! Yes, it is rather BestWesternish, but you won't find anything cheaper in this location - not to mention that parking is included (nobody in the city includes parking - it is generally $25 - 35/day). Clean, quiet, friendly, great location and affordable ... I stay there every time I am in Boston.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>enchantee
<Content>Choice Hotel for Budget Traveller We stayed in Midtown Hotel for 2 nites on 24  25 Dec 2004. Was initially concerned over the mixed reviews I have read but decided to go ahead with the booking because of budget constraints  the expensive hotel rates in Boston. The hotel turned out to be surprisingly decent and staff were friendly and responsive. They readily agreed to change a room for us when we reported that the sliding bathroom door was not working well. Like what most reviewers mentioned, the room was simple and indeed a bit too dim although the bathroom was pretty clean. The convenient location and free parking was a definitely plus during our trip!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bedford_traveller
<Content>Great Location Great location, clean room if a little dark  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so-so Price and location were excellent. The room was clean, but had problems. Bathroom door did not stay on its track; bathtub drained very slowly. The on-site restaurant was out of operation. Free parking was a definite plus. Not bad for the money.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the cleanest of hotels When we arrived to check in they informed me they were sending us to a different hotel 10 mins down the freeway as they were having problems. As we were meeting friends in Back Bay I informed them this was unacceptable and they checked us in. As you can imagine my first impressions were not good.We were thankfull that we only stayed for one night, very old fashioned hotel, smelt a bit musty, rooms not very clean, they can't have cleaned under the beds for years. Location is great though but not worthy of a second visit.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Clean. Courteous staff. Right in the middle of everything. Good price on room through Lodging.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean Room, Great Prices, free parking!!!       Window to street to left with 2 end bed tables, and sink with sep bathroom around right corner  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a little overpriced I stayed at the Midtown during the DNC convention at the rate of 189$ The room had brand new carpet and was in good repair. The rate was a little high for the amenities, but the location was great. And I agree with everyone else, the staff was very accommodating.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only stay here if you have to Basically a dark, dingy motel - so if that's what you want, fine. However it's hardly cheap, and I just can't understand why so many travel companies feature it. Unless you're desperate, pay more and stay elsewhere. (Staff were great, though - so don't take out your disappointment on them.)  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A respectable bargain We stayed at the Midtown Hotel mid-May, 2004. Were a little leery because of some of the reviews, but the hotel was decent. Think along the lines of a Super 8 motel off the highway. The location is unbeatable for tourists, as is the price considering such location. The room was clean and functional; yes, a little tired perhaps but not what I'd call shabby. If you're using the place only to sleep and shower, as we did, it's perfectly suitable. We would definitely go there again.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>adequate room, great location, parking parking parking We just spent 3 nights at the Midtown. It was quiet and clean. The price was stupendous for a fantastic downtown location. The real prize is the free parking in the garage under the hotel. With the great public transportation, our car never had to move for 3 days and we didn't pay a cent for our parking. We will definitely stay there every time we visit Boston.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FaStAeRo
<Content>Super Good Bargain   showReview(1783317, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>4mranch
<Content>Great bargain in Boston!   showReview(1775377, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible except location   showReview(1763968, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spend the Extra $ and Stay Elsewhere   showReview(1741725, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best bargain in Boston   showReview(1646080, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dated, but a bargain for Beantown   showReview(1513364, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cheap, well located, perfect !   showReview(1378582, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise   showReview(1150009, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>inkwave17
<Content>Time travel to the 70s in the heart of Boston   showReview(1024397, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location!   showReview(859573, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dr.saki
<Content>鐢恒伄涓績銇伄銇畨銇忋仸搴冦亜   showReview(19995255, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>N68
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(19601816, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr茅s cher par rapport au...   showReview(19997928, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel confortable   showReview(19631960, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo compromesso   showReview(19631959, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Lage   showReview(19631958, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ist den Preis nicht wert   showReview(19631956, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel   showReview(19631955, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>simple hotel   showReview(19631957, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho soggiornato a Boston per 3...   showReview(19220947, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in guter City-Lage aber nur zwei Sterne   showReview(19631954, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cosmo80
<Content>Freundliches Hotel   showReview(18476860, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉堛伀渚垮埄   showReview(19172791, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel en g茅n茅ral.   showReview(16608213, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>agacee   showReview(16608212, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tajo
<Content>un bon hotel   showReview(15513471, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Emplacement central 脿 Boston...   showReview(16728844, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓礆銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170125, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage. Preis/Leistung okay.   showReview(13199208, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>edenangelcalviCorse
<Content>Merveilleux h么tel   showReview(11542309, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Miriam021
<Content>Excelente (y muy econ贸mico!)       Habitaci贸n - primer piso  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne adresse   showReview(11451874, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傚揩閬┿仹渚垮埄銇墍銇亗銈娿伨銇椼仧   showReview(19162401, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儍銉夈偪銈︺兂銉涖儐銉亾銈撱仾鏂广伀銇婂嫥銈併仐銇俱仚(^-^)鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19160097, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nokietta
<Content>assolutamente da consigliare!   showReview(6567418, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>supermary2
<Content>buona posizione, hotel pulito   showReview(6024457, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅, proche du m茅tro ligne Verte   showReview(11365414, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Abgenutzt   showReview(11365413, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zentral gelegenes sch枚nes Hotel in Boston   showReview(11343851, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nettes Hotel zu g眉nstigem Preis in guter Lage   showReview(11343863, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11343852, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comme un motel de petite ville   showReview(11343848, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仛銇俱仛銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19156082, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂銇纰恒伀...   showReview(21800640, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銈勩偡銉с儍銉斻兂銈般伕...   showReview(19918903, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

