<Author>KokoSadie
<Content>Good Value at the I'lima       Cloudy morning along the Ala Wai Canal - great for walking and jogging!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>H-B_Family
<Content>Older but Nice       Bed  Balcony  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>kittycat44
<Content>Loved the Ilima! I stayed at the Ilima for 8 nights in a studio superior room with my husband because of all of the positive reviews we read. We stayed in room 901, which had a beautiful view of the mountains, the Ala Wai Canal and the Ala Wai golf course. This hotel is a great value for $115/night with the 5th night free! I'd highly recommend this room because of the view. Plus, it was very quiet- street noise was not a problem with the balcony door closed. The room was impeccably clean. Make sure you request a mountain view when making your reservation because some rooms only have views of the street and other buildings. Noise might be a problem on lower floors, but it wasn't an issue on the 9th floor. I was extremely surprised to read some other reviewers complain about rude staff because every staff member I encountered during my stay was very friendly and helpful! One staff member offered to lend me a beach umbrella for the week when I inquired about where to buy one. Another staff member suggested a great alternative to the nearby expensive supermarket and gave us detailed directions. The location (10-minute walk to Waikiki beach) was fantastic. The pool was very warm, but refreshing in the evenings when it was a bit cooler outside. The lobby is very pleasant and attractive. I highly recommend this hotel for budget conscious travelers who do not require room service, concierge services, etc. Save your money and stay at the Ilima! This is a hidden jewel!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sophie040
<Content>Just what was needed The last two days of our Hawaiian holiday were spent here and we couldn't have chosen better. Having the car park was great, nearness to the shops and restaurants was a bonus, the rooms were large and comfortable and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Would always try and stay here, if I ever have the chance to go back  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>AnonVirginia
<Content>Great for families I picked this hotel from reviews I read here, and they are spot on. The location is great, with a small grocery 3 blocks away so one can take advantage of the kitchen facilities. The room is spacious (much bigger than our company-paid room for the other half of our trip at twice the price). The firm beds took a little getting used to, but were fine. The extras like the chocolate-covered macadamia nuts for check-in and the shell leis at check-out were nice. When we arrived Friday morning during the sing-along, we were still able to check in, and although our room wasn't ready yet, we were still able to get towels from the desk and go to the beach. The free parking in the small garage was never a problem, although we did make it a point to be there by late afternoon and do our evenings on foot. The safe was big enough for the laptop. The only minor disappointment was that the pool was closed for repairs when we were there, but these things happen. I would go back again, and heartily recommend it to anyone with kids. If you want valet parking, spas, onsite gourmet meals, etc. go elsewhere. Check the hotel's website (and keep checking back) for great deals.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LavaJava96
<Content>Great hotel! We've been to Waikiki several times and stayed in a few different hotels, but this is one hotel that we would love to go back to.The hotel is located about two blocks from Waikiki beach, off of Kuhio Avenue, where there are tons of restaurants! Upon checking in, they gave us Hawaiian cookies. That was nice. Our studio room was nice, clean, and very spacious, especially for our family of 4, which included 2 young kids. We liked the free parking, and if you come back early enough, there wasn't a problem getting a spot. My husband had difficulty one night finding a spot and he simply parked on the street. The bathrooms were modern, the beds were comfy. They had coin operated washers and dryers, and sold detergent for a nominal fee. The rooms had kitchens with a full size fridge which was convenient. With all the restaurants surrounding us, we never cooked. The hotel offered beach towels and beach mats, which is a nice touch. They also gave us newspapers every day. Upon check out, we each received a shell lei.We got a great rate off of the website. I thought it was great value, a nice place, and an extremely convenient location.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mcgeesies
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay If you're looking for a boutique hotel or 5 stars with room service and a restaurant, keep looking. The Ilima is a nice spacious studio with everything that an independent traveler needs. The rooms are simple and clean with a generic d茅cor and firmly comfortable beds. With a fridge, microwave, stove, pots, pans, coffee maker and coffee the only thing you need is your own food. There's a coin operated laundry room on the property. The hotel staff seems to work hard to keep things in good order. There was a problem with an appliance in my room and it was fixed immediately. There is a small pool and dry sauna. Parking is free and I never had a problem finding a spot. All of the staff were cheerful, knowledgeable and professional and it made for a pleasant stay. Thanks Ilima.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VolcanoMom
<Content>Happy to stay here We had a quick two-night stay at the Ilima to see Pearl Harbor and recover from the jet lag before continuing our trip. Friendly and knowledgeable staff, clean and comfortable room (we had 3 adults and 2 children in a 2 bedroom suite with kitchen) good location (a block from the bus to Pearl Harbor) with the International Marketplace, Waikiki Beach and several good restaurants close by. It was a pleasant start to our vacation.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jonno82
<Content>Value for money, highly recommended!       View  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Texas-Debra
<Content>Great SDtay Stayed in room 909 (from previous guest recommendation since we are smokers) and we loved it..Large rooms and comfortable beds with a full kitchen and large refridgerator..Kid friendly..Kind and helpful staff..Jack in the box around the corner and Macdonalds across and down the street..Perry;s 3 blocks down is worth the buffet price for picky kids and the Galaxy across from starbucks had a good $3.50 breakfast..The small TV was hard to get going and I did see only one roach by the front door. Nice small pool and they will provide matts and towels for the walk through the International market on Dukes Lane to the beach..We did not rent a car but parking was free and the BUS was down @ the corner. We felt safe walking @ night. The only problems we had were calling Waikiki Shuttle (also knows as Kahula five star). We took a bus to the Capitol and the bus drivers were rude and did not help us with where to get off and we got lost and spent a lot of time..We thought the 1 1/2 hour Bus ride to the Arizona would take too long but this shuttle drove around Waikiki hotels for 45 minutes and then took people to the airport (the ad only mentioned the arizona and the Swap meet)...The driver was very rude.. ..We were forced to pay round trip and though they advertise a shuttle every 30 minutes, we waited 1 hr and 10 minutes..I called twice and was screamed @ and hung up on...($24 for 3 people)..Several Buses left and we made a mistake with this as it took 2 hours to get there and 2 hours to get back...Also, we wanted to surprise My Granddaughter with a limosine back to the airport and Honolulu Cab  limosines was a no show and we were forced to grab a cab for $40 at the last minute..We called several times and got voice mail. Beware of transportation problems, especially when you have kids. The zoo was not worth the price but the beaches and free hula show was great.. We had been to Germaines Luau 20 years ago and it was wonderful but this time the food was so bad, the 3 of us could not find anything we could eat and we did not like the atmosphere but I have never been to any of the other Luau's to compare it to..We had a wonderful time otherwise due to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bill5925
<Content>A real deal!       View from balcony - That's the "Pink Palace" Royal Hawaiian Hotel right of center.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>catharsis53
<Content>wonderful We stayed here for 5 days at the beginning of our honeymoon, May 19-24. I have to say the entire experience was wonderful, from booking to check out. We booked the room on their website while they were running a special, $125/night for the Deluxe room. The room was huge, with a King sized bed AND an additional double bed, along with the kitchen, desk, and plenty of closet space.We requested a corner room on the 12th floor on the advice of another reviewer, and I received an email from the girl that does reservations asking me what kind of view I wanted (street view or canal view). I told her I wasn't sure, since I've never been there, but mentioned it was for our honeymoon. She was extremely friendly with her advice, and ended up giving us an amazing corner room with a mountain view. When we walked into our room after an excrutiating 10 hour flight, all I can say is it instantly erased our jet lag. The view was absolutely breathtaking. One whole side of the room was floor to ceiling glass. You can see the canal, the mountains, and at night, the beautiful twinkling lights of the city. Besides the great view and rock bottom prices, the hotel offers several amenities that ended up costing us dearly at the other 2 hotels we stayed at during our trip: free parking and free internet access. Not only that, but we didn't realize how handy it was to have a full kitchen. We were able to keep a full case of bottled water and some milk and cereal on hand for early mornings. It's just little ways to save money that really add up in the end. The on-site laundry facilities were very helpful as well. The location is extremely convenient, within walking distance of practically everything.As honeymooners, we picked 3 different locations for the duration of our trip: the Ilima to start, followed by a mid-range resort on the Big Island, then a high-end resort for our last 2 days in Oahu. We actually enjoyed the Ilima the best out of all of them. It's very private and quiet, which was great for us. We always had the pool to ourselves, which was nice because we really enjoyed taking dips at night after spending the day site seeing. We had a lot more opportunity for private, romantic moments at the Ilima than we did at the other resorts that were always brimming with families and other couples.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MinneSurfSider
<Content>Great Waikiki value for families       Pool  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ThisNThat
<Content>Affordable but dumpy I'm kind of shocked to read all the great reviews of this hotel. It was an inexpensive hotel for the area yes, but grungy and worn. The bed was very uncomfortable. Maybe people are happy not to see bugs or whatnot, but nothing really great to relay about this place.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlenFromSydney
<Content>Great Value, clean and friendly staff. Stayed at the Ilima for three nights - one night in January and two nights in February. Our plabe arrived quite early - 7am and we arrived at the Ilima at about 8.30am after quite a long shuttle ride. Even though check-in time was 3pm the friendly staff at the desk made a room available and checked us in straight away. This was really appreciated after the flight from Sydney. The rooms are definitely above average in size with a small kitchen and a full size fridge. The room and bathroom were very clean and everything worked. We stayed in two different rooms, firstly on level 11 and then on level 5, both rooms were quiet. Another nice touch is that the reception area has some nice paintings.I'd recommend the Ilima to anyone who wants a hotel in a good location at a reasonable price especially if you plan to do some cooking whilst on holidays.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EndUser99
<Content>Great vlaue, great location. This modest hotel is only two blocks famous WaiKiKi beach. The smallest room was still huge with full kitchen, clean, slightly dated decor with a lot of pink. Free on-site parking, plesant staff. We found it to be a great value.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>donsteel49
<Content>Great Hotel We had a condo reserved on the Windward side of the island and it turned out to be a high priced dump. We checked out and tried to find a hotel in Waikiki. We were very surprised when a room at this hotel was available. They showed us a room and quoted the rate and we were sold. Nice hotel, quiet, clean, people at the desk were very helpful and friendly. Nice balcony overlookig Waikiki. We would stay here again in a heartbeat if we visit Oahu again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeattleBgm
<Content>Loved our stay there and SMOKERS are welcome. A terrific place to stay. We had a party of six, three rooms and spent 10 nights. Location is near the Ala Wai canal and about 2 1/2 blocks from the beach. The view of the mountains was awesome. Our rooms were the studio superior style and we had plenty of room. An older hotel so the rooms were not cramped like the newer hotels. The full kitchen was perfect.The staff was always attentive and helpful. You can tell that they are happy you are there. I had a number of questions before our trip and had sent them emails. I got a response within hours. I don't think I have ever been in a hotel this CLEAN. To a person they all said their rooms were immaculate. A great staff with that true hawaiian spirit.The Ilima Hotel does not have the usual restaurant and bar but you didn't need it. You are so close to everything you would ever want. They also provided free parking for our rented van. The Ilima Hotel may not wanted to be recognized for this but they DO NOT discriminate against SMOKERS like all the other hotels. They dedicate 2 floors for smokers. You can smoke in your room but we chose to smoke on the generous lanai only.I hope to go back soon and the Ilima Hotel will be where I stay.A ten out of ten. The Mallett's  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OlPO
<Content>Good value, clean and quiet. We stayed at the Ilima Dec 4. thru Dec. 9. Because of Pearl Harbor Day and the Honolulu Marathon rooms were scarce. We followed a previous TripAdvisor post and requested the 14th floor with a mountain view and got room 1402, mountain view. We were very pleased with the room: a king and queen bed, kitchenette with range+oven, coffee maker, small breakfast table with two chairs, 6 foot X 12 foot lanai with two lawn chairs, free local phone and free parking. The bathroom had a full tub and shower. The room and public spaces in the hotel appeared to be very clean. This is not a brand new property with flawless paint and deep pile carpets, but it was large, comfortable, and well situated for any Waikki activity. We found the staff to be incredibly friendly and pleasant. We were told that this is a local hotel owned by the same family for many decades (not associated with the Ilima transportation group). If there was any negative in our stay it was that the little coffee packet is not replaced each day, you get one as a 'starter' for your stay and that's it.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>KissMiss
<Content>Bliss walked in off the street in search of a quiet and comfortable room. friendly staff, extremely helpful, hassle free check in, room was spacious, clean, kitchenette was well appointed, nice view of the mountains (esp. with approaching Hurricane).what i particularly appreciated was the fact that besides the obligatory Bible in the bedside drawer there was also about the teachings of Buddha, yay!i cannot fault this hotel, it served my needs in every way in the most satisfactory manner, would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>boojooboo
<Content>Great Place and location We have just stayed at the Ilima and thought it was great for what we needed. We upgraded our room from a studio to a one bedroom and were happy with what we were given. It was clean and well presented and had most things we needed during our stay. The daily maid service was great too. Its located just off the main Kuhio Road which means that getting on The Bus is really easy if you want to access other parts of the island. You do have to cross a couple of main roads to get to the beach - one of them being a main shopping street so you may feel odd walking there with all your beach stuff, but there are lots of others doing the same so its no big deal. The place does look like it needs updating but its purely cosmetic - its not dirty or anything. The backout blinds were helpful for us as we were travlling with an infant. The only donwside I would say is the very slow check in - after 20 hours travelling from the UK, it took ages!! It was 11.30pm by the time we got there and we would have just liked to have gone to our room but it was probably because there was some confusion over whether we wanted a cot or not. We also had to take our own luggage up - which was fine but some people might get annoyed at that. We took our own cot but they do have them but I think $10 a day is very steep where most other places this is free!The only other downer was that they suggested we use Ilima tours for airport pick up and drop off - not linked to them but reccomended. Pick up from the airport was ok - we did have to wait a while, but the drop off was a nightmare. We waited for 40 mins and they did not come and we got v stressed about getting our connection. The lady at reception was very helpful and called them many times but we ended up getting a cab at huge expense!. Im not sure why they reccomend them as it caused us alot of stress in getting our connection onwards. It would have been good to have had wirelss in our room also rather than the lobby but only a minor point. Definately reccomended for families or someone looking for somewhere to stay that is budget but clean and well located  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	4	2	

<Author>CometoScotland
<Content>Very pleasant stay Just finished a very nice vacation staying at the Ilima Hotel which is in a great location - an easy walk to Waikiki Beach and close to shops restaurants etc. Staff very pleasant and accommodating giving us very early access to our room which was great travelling with our 10 month old son. Room spacious and cooking facilities more than adequate - air con was fine. It's not the last word in luxury but you get what you pay for and the Ilima represents very good value for money. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>coolandcalm74
<Content>Good Hotel       View from my room.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MKSin
<Content>Enjoyed the stayed @ Ilima We chose this hotel based on the reviews we read on this website. I had an easy time doing the online booking and also emails were answered promptly on inquires. We stayed 2 nights in end Sep 2007.Check in was a breeze, front desk staff are friendly and able to provide information/directions and eating recommendations. There are beach mats and beach towels available at the lobby, just ask from the front desk staff. This hotel is a鈥?no fringe鈥?place; there is no porter or room service. But the hotel location is safe, quiet and good; sits about two blocks away from the beach (less than 10 min walk), just a block away from International Market, quite centrally located in Waikiki district. There is a small pool, laundry room, free parking but the safe box is not free.Our family of 4 stayed in a two-bedroom suite, the lanai view overlooked the street while the bedrooms; one view is the same street, the other is the back of the hotel. My uncle/aunt unit was a studio also with a kitchenette and comes with full length sliding doors(comes with heavy black-out drapes) to their lanai which overlooked the canal, golf course and the mountains. Both units are fully aircon, but if you like fresh air, ilima鈥檚 strategic location gets excellent cross-breezes and so is well ventilated and fresh.Our 2 bedrooms unit has a large kitchenette, fridge, sitting/TV and lanai area. The kitchenette was fully stocked; kettle, coffee maker, pots, pans, toaster, plates and utensils. Everything was very clean. We used the stove to make breakfast and it was nice that bottled water was provided as well. Rooms are ok but the room doors had a bit of problems 鈥?one did not close properly or if you do so, it would required you to use quite a bit of strength to pull it open; the other closes easily but as the bathroom doors opens/closes next to it, the bedroom door will come unlatch from the vibrations. Also it was sometimes noisy for the room facing back of the hotel, as the windows was louvered type (noise is not from the regular traffic as the hotel is along a side street), I was awoken couple of times by the garbage truck making its rounds around the neighbourhood during the early morning wee hours. For my little girl this had no affect and she slept on quite well.My uncle/aunt鈥檚 studio was a very large unit too; I would say it was approximately the same size as our two-bedroom suite but minus the 2 bedrooms. Overall, everything was nice, clean and friendly. Next time, based on the room view and noise, I鈥檒l go for 2 one-studio unit on the mountain side.Oh, if there are more than 2 people going to the airport, consider using the regular taxi/cab this hotel uses. I did for my family of 4, the taxi was a classy white limo driven by the Vietnamese boss; he was very friendly and charged like the regular taxi rates but unfortunately I鈥檇 lost his name card.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>griswalds40
<Content>Wonderful location We stayed at the Ilima in July 07 and found the location to be fantastic. We were on the 6th floor in a 2 bedroom apartment and found it to be very clean and spacious. Our only disappointment was how noisy it was at night time. The windows are louvre type windows so it was quite difficult to shut out the noise. The pool area is very small, but quite nice. The staff were very friendly and most helpful and the apartment was serviced every day. I would recommend this hotel to others, but perhaps not in the very busy season, if noise was a problem.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadaTripReviewer
<Content>Excellent Hotel, we loved it We chose this hotel based on the reveiws we read on this website. Every review we read was positive and our personal experience was the same. The hotel was very clean, great location, good price. We were given a room with a wonderful view and found our stay to be very safe. The front desk were helpful and more than happy to give us directions to the various attractions and food stores, as well as extra teabags, sugar etc. The hotel has an excellent location--very short walking distance to the beach, international marketplace, is a one minute walk from the busroute and is on a sidestreet so it is less busy than the main road. We would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend others to do so as well--especially if you very picky about cleanliness and bugs etc.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrDBP
<Content>Everything you need - but pink decor!! The first thing you notice here is the pink decor, it's everywhere. But the rooms are huge (they have two double beds in each) and it's very tidy. The bathrooms are okay but the shower is poor.It is an easy walk from the beach and shopping areas. It's good value overall.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>catti
<Content>ALWAYS stay at the Ilima I and my family have stayed at the Ilima many times over the past 25 years, and would never consider staying anywhere else in Waikiki. In fact, some of my family are there as I write. I'm provoked to write this response by having read a review by a very young person from San Diego last September. I have trouble believing that review!! I cannot possibly imagine the events described as happening at the Ilima. We have always found the staff friendly and helpful, and the rooms spacious, clean, and quiet. I would advise anybody who hasn't been there to believe the other positive reviews.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jovi809
<Content>great location !! ilima Hotel, is only 2 blocks from Waikiki., its a perfect location, near the best part of the beach ,everything is around, shopping, restaurants, bars.The rooms are very clean; we have a nice view of a golf court.Free internet and parking, the rooms have a full kitchetten and there is a7 eleven in the corner, and a big supermarket, only 2 blocks. If you are looking for a decent and nice place near waikiki, Ilima is a good choice. But is like a family hotel., dont expect a Hilton for the price you pay!But my husband and I where all day out, we have great service from Alan , he is the tour operator.We like Ilima for location, and for us ,that spend all day out, the refrigerator and stove where perfect ,before living to long day.we will be back!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Futurelotterywinner
<Content>Good Place to Stay The Ilima was a good find. We stayed there for 7 days at the beginning of Mar 07 and it was great. It's not a five star hotel, but you're not paying 5 star prices! We stayed in 702, which was a studio with a kitchenette that overlooked the canal and golf course. If you could get up a little higher, you'd have a better view. (there was a building partially blocking our view straight out). It was a very large, bright room with large lanai. Everything was very clean. The bathroom looked like it had recently been redone. Family travelling with us stayed in a two-bedroom suite (703). The view on that side overlooked the street, so you might want to try getting a 2 bedroom on the canal side. The staff was excellent, from front desk to housekeeping to the maintenance man who fixed my in-laws door because it shut too quickly for them! We arrived one hour before check in and didn't have to wait at all. Check in was a breeze (for the studio and 2 bedroom suite we had booked), and we were up in our rooms in about 5 minutes. I'm not sure what happened to that person that said it was smelly and unprofessional . . . I think they must have got it mixed up with another hotel!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MJMikey
<Content>Great Value, Don't Expect the hilton My husband and I stayed here while we searched for housing since we were moving to Hawaii. This is a very clean hotel with kitchenettes and a laundry room. It has a small pool, and lanais on the upper floors where you can see Ala Wai Canal. We watched the outriggers canoe races here on Sundays and that was very nice. This place is really a do it yourself hotel. It does not have porters and no room service.However, the value is very good for a place to stay close to the beach and the shopping. The Island of Hawaii is now a non-smoking island now so the rooms should be losing the smoky smell that we experienced. It wasn't terrible but very noticable to people who do not smoke. Directly contact the hotel for the best rates.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaSmann
<Content>Great location, very clean, great price This was a great choice for a family of four, we had the 1 bedroom suite and there was plenty of room. The bathroom was all new and very clean. Great kitchen with eating bar area. The view was about the same as everywhere concrete jungle, but no complaints since it is so overcrowded here. The staff was excellent and very friendly. They leave a gift basket that is free which was a nice touch along with orchids upon arrival. Location is the best because the beach hotels have so much traffic and you can use Ala Wai Rd. and bypass all of it. The only change I would make is some more comfortable beds unless you like hard matteresses!! Otherwise that would be it!! would love to come back to the ILIMA.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjref
<Content>Love the Ilima! This was our second trip to the Ilima. This time was for our honeymoon and we received an upgrade and a lovely present! The Ilima is a great place to stay - 5 minutes' walk to the beach, close to everything, very quiet, friendly service etc. It is very well priced. Phil Sammer, the GM, is a lovely guy and obviously treats his staff well.We will definitely return to the Ilima!Michael Brisbane AUSTRALIA  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Gemutlichkeit
<Content>You get a lot for the money, if your standards are not super-high This hotel was a GREAT find! Good price, great location (just 1 1/2 blocks from the beach), and lots of extra amenities -- in-room kitchenettes, on-site laundry, FREE PARKING, and a friendly and helpful staff available 24/7. This hotel is not new, and not necessarily up-to-date, but they offer everything you need. The room is very clean, even if the carpet and bedspread are old. The bathroom is spacious and adequate. The little touches are nice, considering that they are just a basic hotel (orchids on check-in day, filled ice cube trays in the freezer, and pitcher of cold water in the fridge,...). The room is huge, and I got the smallest room they had. The building is very safe and (did I say this already?) very clean.The pool is teensy, but you don't go to Waikiki to swim in a swimming pool.Highly recommended. I will stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ksij
<Content>Decent Place to Stay My husband and I stayed at the Ilima the last two nights of our honeymoon while we explored Honolulu. We were impressed with the friendliness of the staff from the moment we checked in until we checked out. The room was not luxurious, nor were we expecting it to be, but it was clean, very spacious and had a great view. We had absolutely no complaints about the Ilima and would stay there again if we were looking for a reasonably priced place to stay near the Waikiki Beach area.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>jojophine
<Content>Room 909 Great location!! It's only 1/2 block from the backside of International Marketplace. Ask for Room 909. It's a corner unit overlooking Ala Wai Canal and the golf course. The room is spacious, clean, has a balcony....and free parking. The one negative thing was that the swimming pool water was too warm. I'll give it a B+ rating....just don't expect a 5-star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sancho81
<Content>Horrible, Smelly, Outdated, unprofessional, low class... I booked with this hotel due to mostly positive feedback from this website. However, when I went to the actual hotel I was in for a big surprise...I arrived at 4pm (1 hour after the guaranteed check in time at 3pm). Upon checking in at the reception counter, I was informed that our room was not ready and would not be so for an hour. I was not bothered too much by this as I am sure it may happen everywhere but I was a little put off that they didn't offer an explanation or an apology just a oh, it's not ready, come back in an hour or so. A nice little bit of unprofessionalism to start off my stay! So. My wife and I decided to just go walk around Waikiki in the meantime. We arrive back at the Ilima almost a full two hours later figuring we'd be able to get into our room. The answer? It's still not ready. Just have a seat and we'll tell you. I was starting to get very irritated at the fact that it was like 6pm and we were stranded in their lobby. Finally, a full 30 minutes later we are informed the room is ready.We booked for a deluxe one bedroom suite (for $283 a night) and when we got up there, we were appalled. The bathtub was rusty and stained and the whole entire bathroom was obviously not kept up. The bed sheets had stains....STAINS of I don't even want to know. The comforter (if you can call it that) on our lumpy bed had small cigarettes wholes all over it and our room smelled like cigarette as well. Overall, the room, furniture, carpet and curtains were very outdated, rundown and NOT CLEAN. This place was a nightmare! We had booked the DELUXE one bedroom suite because we did not want to make the mistake of booking a regular studio room and having a rundown little room. Apparently at this hotel it didn't matter. We immediatly contacted the front desk and politely informed them of our concerns and asked if they may another a different room of the same category they may have. The girl on the other end was very rude and said that since we checked in so late that there was only one other room in our category we could look at. This new room was more of the same!! My wife and I immediatly set out to look for a new hotel because we were not going suffer for the next 9 nights!After about 2 hours of searching we finally found a much nicer place with new, clean and beautiful rooms at the Aqua Palms. The kicker? We were only going to be paying $150 a night for a much much nicer room at the Aqua Palms.The next morning when we were checking, the girl working at the reception desk made the remark that if we wanted a quality room we should have booked the penthouse!!!!! Based on my stay here, I am under the impression that the staff must be writing the reviews to this site because I honestly have no idea how this hotel has a good reputation!! Anyway, I do have one positive thing to say about the hotel: The check out was very fast! It took about 3 minutes.I would never return to stay here nor would I recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>DisneyParis
<Content>wonderful place, large room, great staff We stayed here four nights. Book online to get best rates. Upper floors offer great views (ask for mountain view). large fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and stove..didn't use stove..staff was fantastic and always welcoming..location two and half blocks from beach..much quieter than main street area..don't use Ilima Transportation from airport (different company same name, I think) used Ohana to return to airport and got personal great service for $7 pp. Ilima was $9 pp and had to stop everywhere else first (4-5 other hotels)..everything spotless (bathroom very clean and plenty of hot water) had double and king bed so plenty of sleeping space...extra blankets and pillows in drawers...tv ok but could use more channels such as ESPN2 and Weather Channel...great lanai offering great views..laundry room on 3rd floor (didn't use but saw people using--think it's 75 cents a load)...great restaurant around corner called Seaside Bar  Grill-good specials and in Delta Dining program...Cappucinos on Lewers in Waikiki Joy is great little Japanese restaurant with lots of food for money (also in Delta Dining program)..highly recommend Ilima Hotel for families, individuals, couples, etc..clean, safe, convenient to everything but not noisy, crowded area. I can't think of anything negative to say unless you want to be on beach with 24 hours of traffic and lots of overpriced hotels!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>philadams68
<Content>Loved the Ilima! After arriving at Honolulu airport with no hotel booking  ringing about 20 hotels that were all full, the Ilima hotel had a room. This hotel is amazing with super friendly staff  excellent location. It is just down from the international market place. It is only a 5-7min walk to waikiki beach  close to everything else. The 1 small downside may be a small pool with not much sun. We had a 3night stay here from Sat 12Aug'06. The rooms were huge  clean  we could see some ocean too. We had a kitchenette which was great for making our own b/fast. Would be very happy to stay here again. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Advisor-by-Day
<Content>Another good stay Having had a good experience in the past with the Ilima, my wife and I returned there this year for our honeymoon, on the front and back ends of a cruise. We stayed in one of the cheaper rooms (studio), but the room was very spacious and airy. The staff is friendly, and I recognized the same people who we met during our last stay.There were a couple elements of our stay that were not as good:1. Noise: If you are not used to the city and city sounds, it may not be easy for you to drill out the sounds that many city dwellers are used to (traffic, the beep beep backup sounds of dumpsters being emptied, and so on. In addition, the airiness of the open-air hallways create a strong draft which causes doors to slam if you're not careful. During our stay, we had some very inconsiderate neighbors who continually went in and out of their door, letting it slam very hard behind them. (At 8AM on vacation, that was annoying).2. Parking: The parking garage fills up quickly when the hotel is busy, but there is overflow parking. The spaces are very tight, and it is extremely easy for your car to get dinged (or worse) by another. If you're not used to small city parking garages, be aware of this. The parking is free, though, which is a great plus!On the positive side:1. You get excellent value for the money2. The older gentleman at the tour desk (when we saw him in the past) was very kind and knowledgeable enough3. The desk staff is very friendly and hospitable, particularly the ones who have worked there longer4. Our housekeeper was very sweet and thorough5. The hotel is an easy walk to the International Market (a bit farther to the beach, though)6. The room was very clean with a newer air conditioner (which we used very little). The kitchenette was fine for a short stay.I detected no funny smells that were referred to in a previous review. In fact, I would take the stairs instead of the elevator down, and it was clean all the way to the lobby. I would not call the Ilima luxurious, but it was clean, safe, comfortable, and reasonably priced, especially for Waikiki. We would definitely return there again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at Ilima Arrived late evening and staff was friendly and helpful. Deluxe studio spacious( 2 people),beds extremely comfortable. Nice view of canal-roomy lanai. Proximity to beach, shopping  restaurants was excellent. Parking a little tight, but usually a space . Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>1Panda
<Content>Wonderful, large and comfortable! My nephew and I enjoyed 5 1/2 days at the Ilima and were so pleased with the accomodations and staff. Everyone was so courteous, friendly and humerous. Our studio #1201 had a fantastic view of the Ala Wai and hills. My nephew enjoyed sitting outside and reading in the early morning.Our room was huge and extremely clean. I read all the previous write ups so we kept our bathroom articles in the large shelved closet outside the bathroom. We stored our empty luggage in the huge storage closet, used the plastic hangars (very nice extra) for wet swimsuits and hung on the shower rod and enjoyed the extra towels we requested each day.The beach mat and beach towels available in the lobby and the proximity to Jack in the Box and Denny's for late night snacks made everything so convenient.Courtni was wonderful to work with at www.ilima.com reservations and Markus, on the front desk, was a wealth of tourist information with a great sense of humor.There are 4 washer and dryers and it's only 75 cents per machine. We didn't use the pool, sauna or exercise room.... no time!The only negative is the narrow parking stalls and I had downgraded to a compact but next time I'm going for an economy car. I had difficulty parking.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bexy05
<Content>Great Hotel We have stayed at the Ilima hotel numerous times, and have always found it to be worth returning to. On my first stay, and indeed late at night after a long day of travelling I hadnt been very pleased with my first impressions of the hotel rooms which looked less contemporary than the holiday inn type hotels I was used to. If you are looking for a holiday inn type of hotel, you probably will find this to be a slight disappointment. However, after a few days it was obvious that there were many advantages to this hotel. It is not very far from the beach and the shops, but yet far enough that it is quiet and never overly crowded. This is extremely beneficial when you do deal with the front desk or want to swim in the pool as you never need worry about it being too busy which in my books is an absolute treasure on a holiday. As some of the other reviews have pointed out, the pool is smaller than others you will see at surronding hotels, but the fact that you may well end up having the whole pool to yourself seems to much outweigh having a small section of a large one. The staff is friendly and helpful and we have never had any complaints with that area of the hotel. The one thing that I would warn anyone considering this hotel about, is that if you are planning on taking many bus tours, or shuttle services - prepare to be the first hotel of many to be picked up and the last to be dropped off. We learned very quickly that by staying at a smaller less known hotel, that you are low priority for pickups and drop offs, which needless to say can be extremely inconvienient after a long day and has led on occassion to us simply getting off 5 or 6 blocks away at another hotel just to be able to get back faster by walking. Otherwise, we definitely never even consider another hotel when we continue to visit Hawaii as we find the benefits to this hotel definitely outweigh the negatives.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Flora_Lee
<Content>Best Kept Secret in Waikiki! This was our first stay at the Ilima hotel and were extremely pleased with our decision. After reading some of the reviews on this website, we started out a little unsure but after checking in and looking around, we quickly disregarded those reviews. The staff was so friendly and helpful and the place was spotless. Our studio room was much bigger than we expected and it came with a full kitchen! The patio was also well sized. With young kids (5 and 7), having a full size refrigerator and freezer really helped. The kitchen was fully stocked with pots, pans, toaster, plates and utensils. We used the stove to make breakfast and dinner right in our room. Free parking was available everyday and our kids especially loved the heated pool. One of the best assets of this hotel is their staff. Our light in the kitchen was acting funny and they fixed it without us even having to ask them. My son had to do some homework and the front desk helped us out by letting us borrow their Elmer's glue and well as sharpening our pencils for us. All in all, this was one of the best experiences we've had in Hawaii and with a price of only $88/night this definitely is the best kept secret in Waikiki!  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay A great, economical place to stay. We really enjoyed the kichenette and the view of the mountains and canal from the lanai. We saw several rainbows. The staff is very friendly. The only negative is that the pool is very small--not for lap swimming.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ilima Hotel is family friendly and Hawaii's best- kept secret.! I and my son and his family were in Honolulu for a Memorial Service, so it was important that accomodatons were good and located conveniently. The Ilima more than lived up to that. In the heart of Waikiki, you can walk anywhere. We always found parking although it was not guaranteed. The staff was terrific and the rooms immaculate. The kitchen was furnished with anything you would need (great for children) and grocery stores within 1/2 block. The best view is the mountains on 15th floor and above. I'll definitely stay there next time I go back. All I can add is a heartfelt mahalo (thank you) and aloha, Ann White, Southern California  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bob123cat
<Content>Bad choice of hotel We booked this hotel based on a lot of the reviews on this board, that was a mistake. We arrived around 3:00 p.m. after travelling almost 10 hours and were informed (not too politely)that our room was not ready. We should have left then and there but our room was paid for (over $200.00 per night) for the 11 nights we spent there. Everything in this hotel is worn and dated, the kitchen was very poorly equipped, the cups and plates were chipped and cracked and there were stains everywhere. Housekeeping was spotty and not all that great. The pool is a joke. The only good thing about the whole experience was the view, we looked over the canal and golf course which was nice.Last year we stayed at the Sunrise which was wonderful compared to the Ilima, we will never stay at the Ilima again nor would we recommend the place to anyone else.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boy was I disappointed I selected the Ilima after reading very nice reviews on Tripadvisor. I reserved the penthouse with high expectations. Boy was I disappointed. There were stains on the furniture, carpet, and lamp shades; mildew in the bathroom; water stains in the bathroom cabinets; peeling wallpaper in the bathrooms; and the door was difficult to open....frequently sticking. The air conditioner was very noisy. The hotel is old and, and the penthouse decor was outdated and not well kept. I wouldn't even walk around barefoot in the room. I would never stay there again. And, after this experience, I'll view any future reviews from this website with a lot of skepticism. What a dump!!!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Oilexec
<Content>Great place! Good location! Very Clean!       Great staff!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SeattleZandy
<Content>A Great Place We stayed 4 nights at the Ilima last month and had a wonderful stay. We had 2 adults and 2 kids in our party and stayed in a 1-bdr suite. Typically when we travel we stay in a 2-bdr so I was a little concerned we might feel cramped. Not at all; my husband and I were in the bedroom, our 6-yr-old slept on the hide-a-bed, and our 2 1/2-yr-old slept in his portacrib in the living room. The place was spacious and very comfortable. It wasn't the Ritz, but we don't go to the Ritz (nor were we paying for the Ritz). It was a great deal. Really quiet, too---only heard some small kids running in the hall once. Never heard footsteps thudding from above, etc. Great housekeeping service. The room had excellent cross-breezes so was well-ventilated and fresh. Slept with the fan on so never heard any city noise at night. Pool was heated and, although small, perfectly adequate. Very friendly staff. Ample free parking. We walked everywhere---beach looks far-ish on a map, but even with kids, stroller, beach paraphernalia, etc it was no trouble at all to walk down there. What's not to love?  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>iainincanada
<Content>Just perfect We stayed at the Ilima for 8 nights in January, 2006. We arrived a full 39 hours late, due to snow in Tokyo, but the hotel did not make us pay for the first night that we weren't there. They even let us stay for an extra night, at the same very low rate. The hotel was great; lots of space, clean, very central to everything in Waikiki, but very quiet too.Will definitely stay there again !  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ilima hotel bad service When you think of Hawaii you also think of warmweather, friendly people, bright blue skies.N O T.My stay at the Ilima Hotel located in Waikiki on theisland of Oahu, left me with cold chills up my spine,rude and uncaring employees, and a dark memory ofa vacation gone bad due to the lack of professionalismon the part of a terrible hotel staff.Starting with the hotel general manager,(if you can call him that) who had no interest or concern for ourquestions regarding problems with our room.No one seemed to give a ---- at our discomfort or theissues we had presented to them. A take it, or leave it attitude.We checked out and found another hotel where thestaff was helpful and friendly.Don't waste your money and time.Never stay at the Ilima Hotel Waikiki.P.S. We have filed a complaint with the BBB aboutthe Ilima Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly Staff, but will not go back After reading all the glowing reviews about Ilima Hotel, I decided to book my family there for 4d/3n last December. I had an easy time doing the online booking. The staff answered my inquiries (via e-mail) promptly.The people at Ilima are mostly friendly and accommodating. The rooms are big and the kitchenette was fully equipped.However, we experienced some unexpected unpleasantness with the hotel.First, there was no porter. After traveling on a plane for 18 hours, we were exhausted (especially since we have a toddler with us). It was a shock to see that there was no one to help us with the luggages. My poor husband who has a slipped disc had to carry all 6 luggages to the lobby, put them in a cart, then bring them up to our room. Then he has to bring back the cart to the lobby. I've had my share of 2 to 3 star hotels, but this is the first time I experienced this. No one among the staff offered to help my husband.Second, there are no designated non-smoking rooms. What they have are smoke-cleared rooms. I specifically mentioned in my booking that I have asthma and to please make sure that the room that was assigned to us doesn't smell of smoke. The room that was given to us smelled like an ashtray. Of course I complained to the front desk and to be fair, they were accommodating and transferred us to a nicer smelling room. But we had to wait for like an hour in the old room since they were still prepping up the new room.Third, the stairway smells of urine. We used the stairs to go one floor up to my brother's room and it stank of urine. My mother refused to use the stairway after that.Overall, the friendliness of the staff cannot compensate with what I feel is a lack in basic services (i.e. porter) and unhygienic environment. We will definitely not go back to Ilima.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tak3
<Content>Quiet yet convenient We stayed there in a one bedroom unit for four days. Spacious, clean, very nice newly renovated bathroom,( they know where to upgrade ) Two A/C units, both are old and had to be constantly on high to maintain the temp, wondering how it's going to hold up in the summer. Kitchen is adequately equipped for simple meals, afterall very few people spend much time in their kitchen when visiting Waikiki.Front staff very friendly, but couldn't solve a glitch in my statement when I was inadvertantly billed for three long distance calls I never made. Later on ( long after check out ) they apologized for something the computer did that put those calls from a year ago onto my room. I suggested to them that in the future they should slip the statement under the door the night before check out so guests have a chance to review rather than being caught by surprise at check out while a taxi is waiting.Overall, I am happy with this hotel and will go back again, but will pay attention to the A/C unit at check-in and take time before check-out to go over the statement. Parking is so tight that every guest should rent compact cars.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in its class! Being only 2 blocks away from the beach, with free parking, and a lovely view of the Canal, our spacious hotel room with kitchen amenities (stove, full fridge and micro) was very clean and spacious.Very close to where the action is, yet very quiet at night (we slept on the 5th floor). Staff was very friendly, helpful, and parking was always available.I am looking forward to my next stay!!! Thank you, Ilima!!!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience! The Staff at Ilima were very nice and helpful. Thank you Virginia for making it a great stay. Not a high end hotel and parking was a bit tight but otherwise the value and close proximity to Waikiki was great.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>warrenwebb
<Content>My stay at the Ilima I stayed at the Ilima Hotel in April 2004. I recommend this hotel because you get a good deal for the money.The hotel is not very far from Waikiki Beach and you get a good view of the mountain scenery of Honolulu. The price is not very high and each of the rooms as a kitchen. In addition the hotel has its own webb site and toll-free reservation number.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Value, Clean,Good Location        veiw from Nuuanu Pali  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>STAY AT THE ILIMA!!! Our first trip to Hawaii (December, 2005) was AWESOME! We chose to stay at the Ilima. We chose the Ilima because of the price and what it had to offer. No, it is not on the beach but it was only 2 1/2 blocks off the beach. And along the Ali Wai Canal. Perfect location, perfect view, perfect everything! The staff was excellent - ALWAYS had a smile on their face, no matter what time of day or night it was. Our room was quiet, clean and large. We have heard that the more expensive hotels on the beach may have the view but not the room size - we actually heard the rooms were the size of closets! We were in walking distance of practically everything located in Waikiki. We DEFINITELY recommend the Ilima Hotel! We can't say enough good about it!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jalynnVancouver
<Content>overall, pleased! We got back from Oahu on New Year's Day and we stayed at the Ilima for a week with our two children. As everyone has mentioned, it is a great value one block away from the International Market and close to the beaches, restaurants and stores. This is a quiet building with a very accomodating staff, free parking and a small (but enjoyable) pool. We used the sundeck on the 10th floor a few times because the pool area was shady and our lanai was huge with a wonderful view. Our two-bedroom was old with faded carpet, wallpaper  paint. It had seen better days and the upholstery was pretty threadbare. Even though bugs don't bother me in the least, I must admit I was a bit unerved when I saw a couple of cockroaches crawl behind the desk, so be warned. If you want a two bedroom, make sure that you ask for the room that isn't wheelchair accessible - the shower is a pull in shower and when you turn the water on, it tends to flow all over the bathroom - yuck. The hotel was very accomodating when we asked to change rooms and we moved into a gorgeous 1 bedroom with a pull-out couch on the 10th floor with in-room internet access and two tv's - one in the bedroom and 1 in the livingroom. A lovely Jacuzzi bathtub and high-end stereo system in the livingroom was such a delightful surprise! This suite was newer and updated - it felt much cleaner than our original two bedroom (and no critters that I could see) I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who's on a budget!p.s. the bathrooms downstairs in the main lobby are renovated and now operational  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we hated it this is clearly one of the absolute worst hotels in honolulu (and there are a lot of bad ones). broken down, unbelievably bad rooms and disgusting maintenance, terrible service and staff, unworkable parking lot. never never stay here. if you ever read anything to the contrary, really wonder where it is coming from!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PlanetR
<Content>Just What We Were Looking For! Just arrived home from Honolulu after a 9 night stay at the Ilima. We were a little nervous about our choice after reading a couple of recent reviews. We absolutely found nothing to complain about. The hotel was very comfortable, quiet (even during Christmas and New Year's) and a very friendly staff. My husband, 11 year old son and I stayed in a deluxe studio on the 15th floor. The room was very spacious with a king size bed and a full size. The kitchen was small, but adequate for a quick breakfast and soft drinks. The air conditioner worked great. It did not cycle on and off which is great. The maid was always early and never forgot to leave us what we needed. There was ample storage space. The balcony overlooking the canal and mountains was very nice. We parked every night in the free lot. Only once was it full and Jade a front desk clerk moved a sign so we could park for free. A small car definitely is better because the parking spots are small all over Waikiki. The Ilima is located right in the middle of Waikiki a few easy blocks from the beach. We were able to walk to many dinner destinations easily. The International Marketplace is just a hop away. If you want a quiet, comfortable reasonably priced place to stay the Ilima is great. It is not a luxury resort, but is a fine place to call home base during a visit to Oahu.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sapper123
<Content>Good Value and Location Spent 3 nights ($110 per night) at the Ilima in Dec 2005. Very happy with the proximity to Waikiki Beach and the surrounding designer boutiques (Gucci, Chanel, Prada, etc.) and restaurants. This is not a 4 or 5 star establishment, but that is OK, since you are not paying prime $$$. The rooms are outdated, but clean, comfortable, and roomy. We found the staff to be friendly. If you are looking to save money and be within walking distance to all the action on Waikiki, then stay at the Ilima.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lachapman
<Content>A great value       View from room  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>piscosour
<Content>Jekyll and Hyde?? I can't believe the last review was for virtually the same time my wife and I stayed at the Ilima. We arrived at about 5 p.m. on a Wednesday, surviving the rental car trip from the airport. The rush hour traffic, bumper-to-bumper most of the way, and the Waikiki area streets (apparently random) were the worst part of our stay. The restrooms on the ground floor were unavailable because of renovation work being done, but outside of that there was absolutely no problem.The ninth floor room overlooked the mountains and golf course and the view was stunning. The room (condo type with cooking facilities) was clean, well-stocked with utensils, quiet and the bathroom was clean and linen changes were quite appropriate. The desk staff were courteous and helpful when asked questions. We ate out at nearby Chinese and Thai restaurants (ok values) and ate in schlepping from the nearby Food Pantry (not Walmart prices). Our experience was quite the opposite of the other recent review; we were quite happy. My biggest regret is that I wasn't aware when renting from Enterprise at the airport that an intown rental was available about 200 feet away. It would have been cheaper to rent for only two days rather than four, using a shuttle to and from the airport.If we were to return we definitely would stay again!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>repj11
<Content>Very good value for money! We stayed at the Ilima from 12/3-12/8. We were on the 9th floor and had a great view of the canal, park, and mountains. The rooms are VERY big and include a kitchen area. The rooms are older/dated, but our room and my girlfriend's parents' room were very clean. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful. They gave us directions and maps every day. Waikiki Beach is about 3 blocks away. Ask at the front desk for towels and straw mats (no charge) to take to the beach. I think that we paid $101 for the parents' room on the 5th floor. They had the same view that we did, but a little bit obstructed by the neighboring buildings. Our room was $110/night (prices listed are before taxes). The Ilima has free parking. The other hotels we were considering charged from $15 to $20/day. The buses that take people to the docking area for the dinner cruises has a pick up point at the Trade Center just a block away, very convenient! If you don't bring your own computer, you will have to use an internet cafe to check your email, etc. There is one around the block next to the Mexican restaurant, La Cucharacha. The pool is very small, but we had no interest in using a swimming pool, regardless of size.My biggest complaint was the bathroom light switch. The noisy bathroom fan is connected to the light switch. I hate it when there is not a separate switch for the fan. Also room cooling is from an in the wall a/c unit. The units were brand new, but they are still a little noisy. If you like Chinese food at a real hole in the wall kind of place, try Fattys around the corner.Remember the Ilima is NOT the Four Seasons... But if you like good value for money, this place is a deal. I adored the place and when we moved on to Maui, it was a big come down moving into a regular sized hotel room. When we go back to Honolulu we will be staying at the Ilima...  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Penthouse for six! Stayed in the Ilima to celebrate turning 50 with two of my dearest friends and their siblings. Six in the penthouse suite. We had no problems with room, kitchen, bedding, baths, etc. We would leave a note for staff and it would be there.Would definitely return because of its closeness to the market, not far from the beach and shopping and the price for the week was great.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dial711
<Content>unfriendly staff as with previous reviewer i found the staff rude and unhelpful, no one offering help with luggage and basically staff just ignoring us otherwise the room was ok, i guess luckily we checked in early in the day so we got an ok room. location good but didn't get that welcoming aloha spirit and helpfulness that persuaded us to pick this hotel through the reviews.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yuck! Low class and Low Service! I was thoroughly disgusted by the service I recieved at this hotel. I arrived at the hotel around 5pm (yes, 5pm!) and my room was not ready!! Now, I had a long flight and was very tired, but I was still ready to forgive this as I am sure it happens to every hotel. However, instead of a simple apology, the front desk person was VERY rude and said that if I didn't like the 30 minute wait for my room I could cancel my reservation without penalty!! How dare they! Finally, I was able to check into my room thinking the worst of this experience was behind me. How wrong was I? As soon as I entered my room, my jaw dropped! Bed: unmade from last guest. Bathroom: dirtier than a pig sty! Scent of the room you say? An overpowering presence of garbage with a hint of BO! This was the room I had waited for 30 minutes to be cleaned? I promptly returned to the front desk and, politely mind you, asked if that was the correct room as I was sure it was a mistake. Yes was the answer I recieved, again without apology. I was to wait in the lobby another 30 minutes while my room was remade as there were no other rooms to move me to. I wasn't asking for compensation or anything like that. However, not once did anyone, including the manager on duty offer any sort of explanation or apology. How was the rest of my stay? More of the same. Maid service, if even received, was not until around 4pm or sometimes even 5pm. Front desk does not pick up their phone after 8pm. My wake up calls (requested nightly) were never made. However, there are a few pros about this hotel. 1. The location is ok (but EVERY hotel in waikiki is at a good location, so it didn't matter). 2. Check time was very speedy (under 5 minutes). Overall, if the rooms would have been clean I would not have had a problem. The quality was nothing to be desired (rooms looked old and run down), but that did not bother me as long as the rooms were clean (For the price, I didnt expect Sheraton-quality rooms). They were not clean. If this was a clean hotel, maybe my stay would have been more enjoyable. This hotel was a joke. My suggestion? A new staff and a thorough scrubbing.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great little hotel We stayed here from 12-l thru 12-4 prior to taking a cruise. Location was good; acccessible to shopping, restaurants and Waikiki amenities. All in walking distance. Room large, clean, equipped and very nice view of mountains. Staff very friendly and helpfulwhen we needed them. On checkout date, hotel was very nice about storing our luggage at check-out that AM since we didn't leave on ship until that evening. This allowed us to spend another day in the city without paying for another day or having to carry allour luggage around (which we could not have done)Was quiet, no noise. Would definitely stay here again; price good for Waikiki and what you get.This hotel is a condo hotel; if you're looking for a resort with amenities on site, this is not for you. But if you plan to enjoy the city and its sights and just desire to have a large,clean room to stay in at night, then this place is for you.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Ilima Hotel in Waikiki - Such a good stay! After reading many reviews I decided on the Ilima for our week long holiday (my husband and I, we are early 30s) and I was SO glad I did - everything turned out as I hoped and expected from reading here. As others here have, I requested a deluxe mountain view studio at $110/nite, the internet special. Pluses: The room was just huge (!) and had a lot of breathing room and a great kitchenette, sizeable lanai. The view on the 14th floor (I requested the corner also, from another reviewer's suggestion) was gorgeous and just wonderful to wake up to every morning. Not too noisy. Looking out onto the mountains and the golf course, no other buildings in the way. (see the pic someone posted, except even less obsructed). Our wedding party friends stayed at the Ohana West a building over and I am so glad we did not - their room was TINY! They had to pay around a dollar for every local call(ouch they add up after a week) wheareas they are free at the Ilima. - My husband had to work for a few hours in the mornings and the high speed internet was a BIG deciding factor, so that he did not have to go to an internet cafe at 3:30 am or down to a lobby. It worked perfectly. I was holding my breath on that one.- The location is great FANTASTIC for the price - as others say it's only a 7 or so minute walk and a fun walk to the beach. Goes by very quickly thru the Marketplace. Minuses: The pool is ridiculous, I didn't even bother. It never had sun on it when I went by because it is shaded by buildings. That was the biggest drawback but not enough to not stay again, I prefer the beach anyhow. Would have been nice though to have that alternative. No hottub either.- There was construction in the lobby the week we were there which slowed the elavators a couple of days, frustrating at times.- The hotel is older and needs some new paint and spackle etc. but I don't care as long as it is clean which it was. No bugs.- The fitness room is a very old treadmill and bike in a room with a tv and a nasty sauna off to one side. However I DID use it 4 days so it wasn't that bad! Better than paying TWENTY DOLLARS to use the fancy 24 Hour Fitness private gym for an hour(insane). The fitness room was another deciding factor, I have to get a quick morning cardio session in. The Ohana West did not have one. So it's not technically a minus...- There is no restraunt or room service, but we got a groceries at the Food Pantry a block away. Do not buy anything at the adjacent little store it is so expensive. Next time I will bring my soft collapsible cooler from home to take to the beach. La Cucharacas Mexican just down the street about two minutes is great by the way. **I highly recommend this hotel for people not looking for luxury, but big rooms, great location, cleanliness, value. We had a really good feeling staying there and plan to go again next year. I stayed at the Pacific Beach 3 years ago right across from the beach and the extra money, all the extra charges, was not worth it at all. Check out the Ilima! I am so glad I read your reviews here, thanks Reviewers.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kauai744
<Content>Not as expected       bedroom - bed touching wall at head, 9" from wall at foot.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel We were 12 nights in 3 different hotels in Hawaii. The 3 nights in this hotel were the quietest and the staff were the friendliest. For the price the room was superb. The pool was great and the walk to the beach through the international market was a joyful experience every time. We would certainly recommend the Ilima Hotel to all our friends.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>trips4fun
<Content>a gem in busy Waikiki After doing much research on where to stay on Oahu and not spend $200 a night, we were very pleased with the Ilima. We booked through their website and paid $110 a night for a deluxe studio. These are huge rooms with full kitchens! We asked for a mountain view and were on the 14th floor looking right out onto the Ala Wai canal and the golf course with the mountains in the background. We enjoyed sitting out on the lanai. This is not a fancy hotel but was very clean and worked quite well for what we wanted. As mentioned by others, the staff was all very friendly and really made us feel very welcome. We did go to the store and buy some basic groceries.  The location was very handy for walking into Waikiki, it was a couple of blocks to the beach. The Ilima will loan you towels and beach mats. My husband loves his Starbuck's and there are two within a block. Parking is free in the hotel garage which is a great perk for the Waikiki area. We rented a midsize and my husband was able to fit the car into the small spots. I could not have done it and didn't try! We got back to the hotel at 8pm one night and got the last spot. There is overflow parking across the street for $14 a night. Parking on the street is very limited.We both said that we would stay at the Ilima again. It has room to spread out and be able to relax when you are there!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SamoaninPerth
<Content>Ideal family hotel We were delighted with the Ilima, during our 2 day stay 20/21 Sept 2005. The roomy 2 bedroom suite (Rm 503, 5th floor with balcony overlooking the street) allowed my wife and I and our 4 boys to spread out and relax. Decor might not be Vogue but it was very clean and well maintained, and after all, we were just looking for a comfortable place to crash after shopping and sightseeing. The heated pool was a great bonus after the beach got too crowded or windy. Many of the guests were Kiwis and Aussies, like us, enjoying the school holidays - you can pick them at the beach, they're the only ones wearing rashies (rash guards) and headgear.The Ilima staff were very friendly, knowledgeable and professional - we turned up too early to check in but they held onto our gear whilst we walked to the markets 80m away, and then slotted us in 2 hours early, which was much appreciated after the long trip from Perth, Western Australia. There are many restuarants, ranging from cheaps eats to expensive within easy walking distance, as are the shops and beaches that make Waikiki famous. We looked at hiring a car but $2 per person on the trolley bus (catch it at the bus stop in front of the statue of The Duke on the main road - that's the Hawaiian surfer, not John Wayne) gets you the huge Ala Moana shopping centre 10 minutes away. The front office staff were very helpful with ideas for day trips, local entertainment and so on.We'd cheerfully return to the Ilima for an extended stay - great value for money, close to the action, friendly staff, clean and spacious - but yes, as mentioned on a previous post, beware if you have little ones, the balcony railings are quite wide.Incidentally, after checking out the reviews and internet rates on the Tripadvisor site prior to the trip, we rang the hotel and actually got a better rate (US$175 per night, including taxes) so that may be worth trying, plus one can detail specific requests ; wheelchair access etc.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>seasue
<Content>Great family hotel We stayed here for two nights before traveling north to Turtle Bay. Our teenage son was with us and we had plenty of room in our studio. We had a fifth floor room with a view of the mountains and the canal (very peacefull for morning coffee on the lanai). We didn't use all of the kitchen facilities, but the fridge and coffee maker were nice to have. We thought the location so close to the Int'l Marketplace was great for souvenier shopping and it was an easy walk to the beach and to Duke's (our favorite lunch spot).  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Hotel Our family including 4 children, my husband and I and my mother in law all stayed in a two bedroom unit of the Ilima during our side trip to Honolulu. The two bedroom unit was very spacious and there was more than enough room for all of us for the three days we were there. I loved the location, very quiet and just a short walk to the beach. The staff is definitely the Ilima's gem. They were so friendly, gracious and helpful. We incidentally left a suitcase and they tracked us down in Kona on the next leg of our trip and arranged for a Fed Ex pick up and delivery! Above and beyond the call of duty!! The free parking is defnitely a value added perk! It's nice to have such easy access in and out of the hotel.The hotel rooms are very simply decorated and could use some updating. My only concern was the balcony railings. The spindles were spaced far enough apart it was a grave concern for me so we did not let our two year old daughter out there at all! The pool was small, but very clean and quaint. My kids loved it and swam all hours of the night after our day at the beach. I would highly recommend this hotel to any budget concious family looking for great accomodations in Honolulu.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely, peaceful        10th Floor View  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sarahkaye23
<Content>Spacious, cheap, and conveniently located For the price, the Ilima is an excellent hotel. I paid $110 a night (internet special on the hotel's own website, which was still running the date of this review) for the deluxe studio in room 1107, which had a nice view of the mountains and golf course (there are no beach view rooms at the Ilima). However, it is certainly not a luxury resort. If you want the resort experience, skip the Ilima and spend the extra money. Even better, stay on another Island, like Kuai or Maui. If, on the other hand, you plan on being busy hiking, shopping, fine dining, and touring the island, I definitely recommend saving the money for your activities and staying at the Ilima. It's centrally located (lots of resaurants, bars, and clubs nearby), has VERY spacious, clean rooms with lots of storage space, and offers free parking. We heard that the lot fills up at night, but we came back to the hotel between 6:00 and 8:00 every night and had no problem getting a space. I stayed for 8 days with my boyfriend, and it was really nice to have the space (530 square feet) to unpack everything, and to comfortably lounge around the room when we were feeling lazy.Even though we didn't cook anything, having the kitchen was great for stocking beverages and reheating leftovers.The pool definitely sucks, and the gym is a joke, but I wasn't planning on spending any time at them anyway. I'm racking my brain, and I really can't think of anything else negative to say. The Ilima is a top-notch budget hotel.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Value We recently stayed at the Ilima for 5 nights due mostly to the fact that they had a kitchenette and we could have breakfast there. Fortunately for us, we found that almost all the restaurants around the area had great breakfast specials for about $2.75 and we took advantage of that. Our room was very large, clean, and we had a really nice balcony that we used every night. We were in walking distance of the main drag with all of it's great stores and the International Market. The restaurants around this area are truly fabulous. The staff at the Ilima were very nice and helpful and there is even a concierge there if you need one. The Ilima was a true bargain and I would recommend this to anyone not wanting to spend $300 for the same type of room elsewhere in the city. We had a car there but transportation is easy to get around on. We were told there might be a lack of parking spaces at the Ilima but we got a space in front of the office every night. Truly a nice hotel and one I would definitely go back to.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mturn
<Content>Good location, nice hotel, helpful staff...pity about the pool My wife and I stayed 12 days in Room 901. It was a very large studio, overlooking the Ala Wai Canal and Golf Course, with the Mountains in the distance. There is a good sized Lanai which gets morning sun.The well equipped room comes with a full kitchen including full sized modern frig, microwave, and stove/oven. Lots of storage for suitcases and as many hangers in the closet as we wanted. There is daily maid service.The free phone (local and 1-800 calls) and access to phone books was handy, as was the free daily newspaper.Although we were right alongside the elevator, the room is well soundproofed, so we heard little noise from the elevator or its lobby.The air conditioning worked well and quietly. We kept it running on low, 24 hours. It was not a bother at night, and we heard no street noise... only the odd ambulance siren.Good Tip... use small pieces of duct tape to seal the heavy lightproof curtains together each night. The sun rises before 6am, and the tape keeps out the narrow, bright sunbeams that can otherwise shine in through the gaps and wake a sleeper too early!The hotel has a sundeck on the roof (16th floor) and on the 10th. These provide for sunbathing anytime you like. There are lounger chairs.The pool was our big disappointment. It is small, and located behind the hotel on the ground floor. It has little deck around it, and is in shade much of the day. The high buildings around it create a wind-tunnel effect, so without sun it is quite cold and unpleasant.There are lots of good eating places close by, and of these we most enjoyed the newish Legend Chinese Restaurant just up the street on Kuhio. Reasonable price and very good food.The beach is only about three blocks away but when we were there that part (in front of Royal Hawaiian etc) was very crowded. We went instead a short bus ride to the beach alongside the Army Museum, near the Hale Koa Hotel. This was really nice!We recommend the Ilima Hotel as an excellent value, pleasant place for a vacation!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingMan3
<Content>Ilima Stayed 7 nights at the Ilima (For a family of 5, a 2 bedroom was perfect. While the rooms are small, you get just under 800Sq feet, if you get a 2bdroom . Kitchenette was a good feature, so we stocked up at Costco when we arrived getting breakfast items and lunch meats. There is an on site 3 level garage, but the parking spaces and are small and limited and you need to be back at the hotel around early evening or else you will need to find a spot at other properties for 12-14$ a day.The property needs a makeover. For example, all the windows are louvered with no sound insulation whatsoever. Consequently, the street noises are heard very clearly. The airconditioning unit from the floor above had no water pan and dripped on our unit everyday and night. The phone in the kitchen was one step up from a dial phone with the face plate falling off. There is no lighting ambience anywhere in the rooms since the main kitchen and room lights are old (70's) fluoresent tubes/fixtures. The 17 inchTV is probably 15 years old. As other posters have stated, for the money, it isn't that bad a deal, but...it is not for everyone. AAA rating- 2 stars.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>egkirby
<Content>Great bargain I am spending 5 nights at the Ilima. So far everything has been great, considering the reasonable price. The room is spacious and quiet. It's a little worn, but it's clean. It's conveniently located close to the beach. There are plenty of places close by to purchase groceries. I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-so Where should I begin...Stayed here for 5 nights and the hotel staff didn't give us the AAA rate on the room because it was their last one...that seems fair, huh. Otherwise, the hotel was conveniently located in Waikiki, just a 5 min walk to the beach and even had parking for our (compact) rental car. BUT, there were 2 termites in our room over a 5 day span. Basically, if you're looking for a hotel in Waikiki, spend the cash and stay ON the beach (i.e. Sheraton Surfrider), however, if you want to be frugal and save money and rent a car and explore the entire island then this wouldn't be a bad place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>csjedi
<Content>Absolutely Loved it My fiancee' and I stayed there from June 24-29, and we also stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village 29 - July 4th. We wanted to split our trip so we could enjoy driving the island and exploring while staying at the Ilima and enjoying the beach and Hilton property during the latter part of our trip. In fact, I proposed to gf the first night we were there. I did the deed at La Mer so be sure to read my review. We absolutely loved the Ilima b/c its centrally located in Waikiki. We had a Superior room on the 14th floor overlooking the canal, golf course, and mountains. The room was big and clean. Yes, it was sparsely decorated but it was everything that we needed. I like the kitchen which afforded us to make breakfast and prepare two dinners. Oh yeah, let me not forget the free high speed intenet connection and free parking; we kept family and friends informed with the daily pictures and emails. We didn't have any problems with parking b/c we made sure that we made it back to the hotel by 5pm everyday. I really like the free stuff b/c you get nickeled and dimed at other properties in Waikiki. We would definitely stay there again.Even though the Ilima and the Hilton are in two different classes of hotels, they are both awesome in their own rights.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best kept secret/great value/kid friendly My 10 month old son, my 9 year old son, my husband and myself stayed at the Ilima from June 28th through July 6th on the 15th floor in room 1504.We had a view of the ocean. Waikiki is very noisy at nite so it was great to be up high. To offset the noise at nite we kept the AC fan running. The room was just like the pictures. The only rust was on the outside of the refrigerator door.The room was very clean, the staff was friendly and we were centrally located with only a five minute walk to the beach, shopping and Starbucks.Around the corner from us on Kuhio street is a Chilli's restaurant and across the street is a Food Pantry where we restocked diapers, formula and baby food. The room has pots, pans, dishes, dish soap, and utensils, so we were able to do a quick breakfast very easily. You can also go to the seaside grill in the morning and get pancakes and eggs as a take out for only $2.99. The hotel provided towels and beach mats at the desk daily. We rented an intermediate size car and were able to always find a parking spot.I would suggest a lite foldup stroller with a strap so you can carry it on the beach over your shoulder. Also pack a fold up beach ummbrella as they cost $30 at the stores or you can rent one in front of the hotels for $15 a day. The Ilima hotel pool is very nice. It is extremely windy so take the kids in the afternoon to the pool. The elevators are very fast. Also the carpets are very clean in the room so little babies stay clean. The guard railings appear safe and sturdy but I never let my kids near them. We got a better rate using our AAA discount and paying the extra $10 per kid per day. It was roughly $155 per day which included all the taxes and misc fees. They also have room safes bolted into the floor of your room which was very helpful as Waikiki has there share of beach comer pick pockets.To get to the beach walk down the street throught the International Market Place, then across the street through Dukes Restaurant located inside the Hotel. Wallmart is down by AlaMoana shopping center and they have great boggie boards for $20-30.ALOHA!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pthal
<Content>Great Bargain in an expensive place This hotel is a great value. It's not fancy but it's clean and spacious. You can walk to Waikiki beach in less than 10 minutes. Shopping is close by and it's easy to get around. The free parking was a real plus. The pool is sort of small and is shaded for a good part of the day. I paid $90 a night for a large room with a kitchenette. Great value and I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sleep here, spend your money elsewhere. We paid $110 per night, had a beautiful view of the mountains from the 12th floor, enjoyed the clean, inviting environment of our hotel, were greeted every day by a wonderful staff, enjoyed the easy two block walk to the lovely beachfront, were perfectly situated in the middle of Waikiki Beach as to enjoy all the shops, malls and restaurants from the north side to the south side, and to top it off, having the newspaper delivered for free every morning, as insignificant as it may seem, was a delight! I wouldn't spend 1 dollar more than the Ilima requests for any other hotel in Hawaii. The Ilima is rated as #10 in the customers Top 10 survey surrounded by Hotels that house 140-2900 rooms (compared to 99 at the Ilima) and charge anywhere from $248-$415 (average!) to SLEEP in their rooms. On the side, the other hotels will lure you with their work out facilities and pool (which are both small at the Ilima) but as for myself, I came to the Ilima for a place to sleep in a resort to vacation- not work out or swim in a pool. If I want to swim or work out, there's a rather large ocean in which to snorkle, swim, surf, kayak, etc. The two of us originally planned to stay only 7 days, but found that we had the money to stay 5 days longer- because of the Ilima's Best Price in the Top 10. Look at the bottom line: $1,320 for 12 days at the Ilima vs. $2,976-$4,980 average for the same hours of sleep at the others! Waste your money on the hours that you're awake, not the hours that you're asleep!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MammaB
<Content>A Great Place To Stay       Other Side of Balcony  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lunasyd
<Content>Deluxe not so deluxe We stayed in what was called a deluxe one bedroom with living room and kitchen on the 15th floor. I believe our room was 1506. The staff was great, and the lobby and pool area very nice, clean and stylish. But the condo was drab and uninviting. Very few pictures on the walls, and what there were looked like cheap abstract prints. No lovely tropical touches like I've seen in all the other places I've stayed in Hawaii. There was a huge shelved unit housing the TV in the living room, but every shelf was empty. The plastic curtain liners were stained with rust. The rooms were clean but very dated and depressing. Free ethernet access was a plus, but it died on the last day we were there. The first day, we had no cable in the living room, but it worked in the bedroom. I went to the desk to see about getting it fixed and they told me there was no cable in the living rooms because someone had complained about their children watching HBO (nudity etc) ???? I found this hard to believe, but they did reverse the TVs so that we had cable in the LR but not the bedroom. They should not advertise cable TV if they don't have it. Very odd. The kitchen appliances were clean but seemed not to have been updated since at least the 70's. The lanai furniture was cheap and unattractive.My main complaint was with the lack of decor of any type. I'm an artist and appreciate visual stimulation, and there was none, not even a vase of artificial flowers!The kitchen was sparsely equipped. Four of each for silverware, plates, etc. No wine glasses, no corkscrew or even a bottle opener. The location was great but would have been nice to have an attractive place to return to after the beach, zoo, shopping, etc.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Carl_in_Tampa
<Content>Perfect for my needs       Spam Jam Entertainment  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lroden
<Content>Good location, mediocre quality, OK for price The location is absolutely terrific - easy to find, surrounded by restaurants, shopping, International Marketplace, Starbucks, the center of Waikiki. Great price. Good parking in building. Large kitchenette with full size fridge. Decent sized rooms. Bad news: AWFUL smelling room - clearly they tried to cover up heavy cigarette odor with heavier floral room spray - could not breath - smell your room before you accept it! Lobby also smelled very bad, like someone was sick there, the first day - they cleaned it up the second day. Staff very friendly. tried to help. OK if you're on a budget - and insist on nonsmoking room if possible.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gabriel_B's_Mom
<Content>Great location, great rooms! We stayed for 9 nights at the Ilima Hotel in beautiful Waikiki and we could not have been more pleased with our accommodations! This is not one of those pretentious, expensive hotels right on the beach鈥攊t is just a comfortable, clean, friendly and quiet hotel that is within easy walking distance to all that Waikiki has to offer. We opted for the 1 bedroom unit, which included a living room with pull out queen sofa bed, a full kitchen, a bathroom with Jacuzzi tub, and a good sized bedroom with a king bed. The room we stayed in (508) faced away from the street, so it was surprisingly quiet. We also ran the two air conditioners in the unit pretty much constantly, which drowned out any noise. From the lanai, we could look to the right toward the beach (but note that there is no view of the water from any of the rooms. However, you can go up to the hotel roof and see a little ocean) or to the left at the Ala Wai Canal and the mountains.As far as location, the Ilima鈥檚 is excellent! The hotel is just off busy Kuhio Avenue and immediately adjacent to Duke鈥檚 Lane and the International Market Place. Walk down Duke鈥檚 Lane, cross Kalakaua Avenue, jog a little to the left, and there you are at the public beach access to world-famous Waikiki Beach (about a 5 minute walk). You are also a short walk away from numerous shopping centers, the beautiful Kuhio Park, and other well known hotels such as the Outrigger Waikiki, Royal Hawaiian, Sheraton Waikiki, and Halekulani.There is a medium-sized grocery store 2 blocks away on Kuhio Ave (Foodland), a pharmacy about 1 block away, and numerous restaurants and fast food places in every direction. One word of advice: bring traveler鈥檚 checks or cash with you. A surprising number of places are reluctant to take credit cards, and virtually no one takes debit cards (i.e., no option to get cash back). Consequently, we made many trips to the ATM for cash, and got slammed with fees every time!My only two complaints about the Ilima are the king bed and the parking. Although the king mattress was a Serta Perfect Sleeper, it was very hard and uncomfortable. I generally like firm mattresses, but this one did not give at all and resulted in some pretty significant hip pain for me off and on during our stay. Perhaps the mattresses in other rooms are better, though. And despite what other reviewers said, we did have trouble finding parking a few times and parking spots are really tight. Even with those two concerns, I would highly recommend the Ilima and would stay there again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SandyBeach4Me
<Content>Highly recommend We just returned from a one week stay at the Ilima. We couldn't have been more pleased! The location is terrific - basically away from the hustle and bustle, but close enough to take advantage of everything that is Waikiki. There are many restaurants and shops within walking distance. The people at the front desk were wonderful - providing lots of tips and recommendations. We stayed in a 7th floor studio unit, facing the mountain. We didn't experience any noise problems, and the view from the lanai was incredible. Virtually every morning there was a rainbow in the mist on the mountain. The room was huge, with all the amenities one could ask for. When the air conditioning unit in our room quit working it was promptly replaced with a brand new one. It was great having a full kitchen, although we didn't use the stove. The shelf for toiletries in the bathroom is small, but there is a closet with shelves just outside the bathroom door to keep larger things in. The parking garage is tight, but we never had a problem. What a bonus - there aren't many places in Honolulu where parking is free. Our only complaint (minor) is that the small heated pool was too warm! All in all, a wonderful place to stay! We highly recommend it and would return to the Ilima in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>uxorial
<Content>Ten great nights at the Ilima Hotel We just got back from spending ten nights at the Ilima Hotel. We had a studio deluxe unit facing Waikiki. The view was of surrounding buildings and streets. We could see the ocean between the buildings. The lanai was pretty large, with enough room for two chairs and a small table. But ours faced the ocean, so it got really hot in the afternoon. Our room was very clean and the maid service was great. The location can't be beat. It's a short walk to the beach, and there are lots of great restaurants nearby. Even the big park is close enough to walk to.Our room featured the typical rattan/tropical decor and everything was in good condition. The kitchen includes a toaster, tiny coffee maker, microwave, dishes for 4, a few pots and pans, some utensils. We took our own wine opener, but I think there was one in the room. We also took coffee filters and a few zip-lock sandwich bags so we wouldn't have to purchase them. We didn't use the stove at all, but I assume it worked fine. The fridge was spotless and had full ice cube trays and a full pitcher of cold water when we arrived. The fridge worked OK, but leaked water periodically (I guess when the freezer defrosts), which ran down the inside of the back of the fridge, under the crisper drawer, and eventually leaked out onto the floor. I just put a folded dish cloth inside the door to catch the water. I'm sure if I had told them about it they would have fixed it.The room also had a small desk, a large dresser, nightstands, clock radio, and two large closets. They provide a laundry basket too, so you can carry your laundry to the coin-op machines on the third floor. The bathroom had a bathtub/shower combo, tile floor, hairdryer, and a metal shelf above the sink and toilet for toiletries. The shelf was just barely big enough for our stuff (make sure you keep the toilet lid down in case your things slide off the shelf!).Because the Ilima is in a city environment, there is a lot of noise. We didn't sleep well the first night because of people shouting on the street, sirens, and garbage pick-up at dawn. I'm a very light sleeper, so I also heard the elevator beeping, as it was right outside our door. The rest of our stay we left the air conditioner on the fan setting all night to drown out the noise. It worked great, and I slept better at the Ilima than I have in any other hotel. The bed was very comfortable (one king and one full size in our studio), and they provide extra pillows and blankets. There was absolutely no noise from other rooms, except for the occasional door slamming. We rented a car so we could explore the island, but you don't really need one. If you do rent a car, get a small compact, as the parking garage is very tight. Even though the hotel was completely full during our stay, we always found a parking space. But we never came back late at night either because we always walked to dinner. I suppose you may have to park across the street if you come back late.We paid a AAA rate of $123 for our studio deluxe room on the 12th floor. Considering that includes Internet access, a daily local newspaper, local phone calls, parking, and a great location, the Ilima Hotel is an excellent value. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jennybh
<Content>Ilima is great! We stayed in a deluxe 1 bedroom at the Ilima in early December. We have 2 teenagers and had plenty of room to spread out. The staff is friendly, concerned and efficient. The suite was clean and well furnished. The location is excellent-a few minutes' walk to the Royal Hawaiian on Waikiki. We paid about 140.00/nt (internet rate from Ilima website)for the large bedroom, living room and kitchen (plus a jacuzzi bathtub). The room had free internet access as well. I would rather save the 100.00+++ a night more it would have cost to stay in a beachfront hotel room and have a little walk to the beach. This is not for you if you require a luxury, full-service resort. But if you would rather save that extra cash for helicopter rides and surfing lessons, this may be just the place for you!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>michigantravelgirl
<Content>Great Bargin in Waikiki - Nice Hotel The Ilima hotel was a very nice place to stay in Waikiki. Compared to the Hyatt - it is only minimal and average, so if you have $300 a night to blow go to the Hyatt or Marriott. If you are looking for a great bargin and a nice place to stay, this is the hotel for you. The hotel does not offer much as far as extras - but their friendly helpful attitude and clean, large spacious rooms are great. They have a pool, though it is very small, but when in Waikiki who wants to swim in a pool? Our room was 909, a corner overlooking the mountains and canal and was super. We had our own fridge, oven, mircrowave, coffee pot and basic kitchen dishes and such. We used these a few times and found the fridge especially handy for water and drinks. The room was cleaned daily and I didn't think twice about sleeping in the bed or using the bathroom (and I can be kind of picky). The carpet could have used a cleaning (not too bad though, I still didn't mind walking arouind in bare feet) and the furniture and decor was a bit dated. For the price though it was a bargin. We used their internet special and paid only $95 per night, and our 5th night was free! Try and beat that in Waikiki, even higher rated hotels that cost more can't compare to the quality for the price paid.We found the location very good with many things close. It is off the main strip so it was quiet (a big complaint for many other hotels in the area) and we were not disturbed by traffic or other noise. It is still centrally located enough though that we could walk to everything. The Int'l Market Place is only a block away and the beach is just past that. We could walk to either end of the strip and not be wore out by the time we got there.They also are great about accomidating you for late departures/early arrivals. We were not flying out until 9pm, so they held our luggage for us (securely) and we had the whole day to shop, eat lunch and everything before we left.I would stay here again in a minute and recommend it to all the cost minded people out there that realize $300 a night is crazy for a place you only spend your time sleeping in.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paraclyte
<Content>Good experience         
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Profotog
<Content>The best value in Oahu The little Ilima is the best kept secret in the city. I have stayed here many times and never fail to appreciate the friendliness of the staff and clenliness of my room. The kitchens, cable TV and quiet location make it a super choice for the experienced travler.Stay at the Ilima and you can walk to the Royal Hawaiian or Halekulani in less than 10 minutes. They will happily sell you drinks and dinner and still leave enough money in your pocket for all the souvenier hunting and sightseeing you could desire.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ElCert
<Content>Great value, very good hotel! Stayed at the Ilima for a week in Oct. 2004. Walked-in without reservations but had done research and knew the Ilima had received rave reviews. Front desk person was extremely nice and let us preview the rooms before we committed. The hotel was only about 3/4 full this time of the year. We were happy with what we saw, and booked a corner studio unit on the 11th flr with a great view of the mountains, Ala Wai Canal and golfcourse for a great AAA rate of $105. All the studios face the mountain side; the 1 and 2-bdrm units have a more city view. The unit was indeed comfortable and very spacious with a kitchenette (full fridge, electric stove, sink, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, utensils and dishware/cutlery), king bed, full bed and a very spacious lanai. The bathroom was basic, but modern and clean. The hotel is on a quiet street, only about 2-3 blocks from Waikiki beach. The free parking is a real rarity in Waikiki, and a great deal. It is however, limited so there's no guarantee, especially if they're full and in high season...in which case you might have to pay $10 for parking across the street. However, throughout our stay, we never had a problem and always found a space. The Iliima also offers free local calls and free high-speed internet access.The bed was comfortable and everything was in good working order. We were very pleased overall with the value for our money and we would not only recommend this hotel, but stay again. However, a few minor things I'd like to point out, although these should not be construed as criticisms. Firstly, the pool is small and there's no workout facility if this is important to you. Secondly, the hotel is condominium-like so while there is daily maid service, don't expect room service or anything fancy. They clean daily and leave a paper at your door. Anything further, you shouldn't expect. There is a full-service tour desk in the lobby. The front desk staff is very friendly but unobtrusive. We rarely ran into other guests during our stay, and heard nothing from neighboring units, which, if like us you value your privacy and freedom, is great! Their laundry facility is really convenient (they have 4 coin-operated washers/dryers, all very reasonable) and it was almost always empty. They also offer free beach towels and bamboo mats in the lobby. A few very minor comments, and by mention I don't intend that they should be taken as deterrants if you're considering a stay. It would be nice if they could provided more, and bigger and thicker bath towels. The ones we got (2) were lower-end motel quality. It would be great if they provided free daily coffee packets. We got one complimentary pack on our first day, then had to go out and buy coffee filters and ground coffee for the rest of our stay. A small thing, but not insignificant. We were provided dishwashing liquid, but no sponge to do our dishwashing. A corkscrew would've been nice. We ended up having to make-shift wrestle with a can opener to even pry open a bottle of beer. Again, small gestures, but just something we would've appreciated having. The shower pressure was decent, but the shower head sprayed all over in a fine mist. They should consider purchasing better showerheads. I think this is important to guests that have to shower there everyday for numerous days. Also, there's insufficient counterspace for toiletries in the bathroom (a narrow strip of stainless steel over the sink).Lastly, while many on this site have raved about housekeeping, I'm sorry to say that I only personally observed an adequate level of service on this point. We found that on multiple days in a row, housekeeping did not perform anything but basic restocking in our room. We noticed that bathroom mirrors and counters/sinks were very obviously not cleaned nor wiped down, despite having left generous tips to housekeeping. I was a bit disappointed since we stayed at the Ilima duiring International Housekeeping Week where they were supposedly going the extra mile. I'm not a picky traveler, but there are basic services to expect. While adequate, I cannot agree that housekeeping cleaned to a very high standard. Aside from this, our overall experience at the Ilima was extremely good, and I would have no qualms about recommending it to the next value-minded traveler. The Iliima offers unbeatable honest great value compared to other moderate hotels in Waikiki. Even if they didn't fix any of the things I mentioned, I would still stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Ilima was Wonderful We stayed at the Ilima from July 13 thru July 27, 2004 and enjoyed it so much. We were on the 10th floor in room 1006 and had a window facing the mountains and the Ali Wai Canal in the living area. The balconey was roomy enough for a table and two chairs. The view forward did face another hotel, one that was only 2 floors and made the view look very open, and 1 that was the same height, but it was turned parallel so once again the view seemed open. From the side of the balconey we again faced the mountains and canal. We watched the long canoes, and birds would actually lite on the rail. We found the one bedroom suite to be roomy and nice, and clean! It is obviously not brand new, the furniture showed a little wear, and the kitchen is informally stocked, but we had everything we needed. We did have a problem with the air conditioner but the staff was very attentive, and came even at night. They have a book collection where you can check out books about Hawaii. We found the pool to be well maintained, and large enough to enjoy the few times we needed to use it. The tour desk is staffed with a very nice gentleman who is glad to help you with information and reservations. The people from the front desk, and especially the household and maintenance staff were so kind, they all wanted our stay to be a pleasant experience. The free parking was great. We were there 14 nights and only had to park across the street and pay twice. The hotel was totally full, and we were usually back late, so I thought we were lucky. They don't guarantee free parking because it is limited, but what a nice plus. The location was excellent. Just a block or two from Kuhio where there was plenty of night life, if that's what you want, but back enough to be quiet. The neighborhood was peaceful, if you went to Kuhio there were a few shady clubs, but they were mixed in with all the nice shops, and we never felt unsafe in any way, even late at night. The walk to the beach is great. I checked out the Hilton Hawaiian, the Sheraton Mona Surfrider, and most of the other hotels on the beach. The Hilton was nice, but way too crowded and busy for me, all of the hotels on the beach were, remember they still face the street. We had 2 televisions, 3 phones and a stereo system, if you have time for them. There was very little wait for the elevators. The laundry room was nice and usually available immediately. There were 4 washers and 4 dryers. It was in a good location to go out to the North Shore, Polynesian Cultural Center (use the tour desk and a bus), other beaches, everywhere. I can't say enough good things about the Ilima, and very few negative things. We will defintely stay at the Ilima again, and look forward to the next time.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It is a great value We stayed there for 9 days (Aug, 26 - Sept. 4) and can honestly state that it is a great value hotel. We stayed on the 11th floor and the view was great. We found that many of the comments submitted in this forum were true. Some additional comments -- if you rent an SUV - the parking spots are almost too small to park in. The parking was, however, free. The high speed internet did work well, but bring an ethernet cable or adapter because there is only a jack to plug in to. The rooms are quaint, clean and spacious. The hotel is very quiet in terms of people traffic and the staff are very friendly. The cleaning staff are honest and hard-working. The pool is small -- but if you go to Hawaii, why do you need a pool - stay in your back yard. The air conditioners work very well, and they do cover the noise from the street which is significant. In summary - we would not hesitate to go back.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay while on vacation! If you are looking for an affordable place to stay while on vacation in Honolulu, HI, look no further than this hotel. The staff is very friendly and helpful in finding things to do. The rooms are very clean and the cleaning staff keeps them that way. If you need lots of space, then stay here; the rooms are huge!! If you stay, try to get a room on the top floors for a view of the ocean. Otherwise, you'll have no view. We stayed in room 505 and it had no view. The hotel is also very quiet. You can on occation hear the persons neighboring you, but I think you'll find that in all the hotels there. The beach is about 2 blocks away, but the walk over is great. This is a great buy and if several of you are going at once, splitting the cost makes the entire stay cheaper. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice, clean, quiet, and affordable place to stay that's in the heart of Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Far from being a "great value" I also have no clue how did this hotel get such a high rating. A one night stay there cost us $85. We paid $92 for one night stay at the Ohana East, which was by far a much better experience than the Ilima. The Ilima hotel has a tired look which cry for an update; the pool was a stamp size; and our room faced an ugly building. Overall - far from being a great value. I will not stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daveyaz
<Content>Great Bargain We stayed at the Ilima for 5 nights from August 2-5 in a 2 bedroom unit. The staff was very helpful and professional. It is a great bargain for the price and the free parking garage is a bonus. We always found an open space. We didn't mind walking the couple of blocks to the beach right past the International Market, as we bought most of our souvenirs there instead of the high priced Waikiki stores. We loved our Hawaiian vacation and will consider the Ilima when we visit again!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Request a high floor I agree with Topeka, how did this hotel get such a high rating. We stayed July 24-31 in room 409. If you choose to stay here you must request 6th floor or higher. Our room looked at a dirty apartment building, eye level, and we had to keep our curtains closed the whole time. We requested a room change and they put us off for 3 days before they said they couldn't change us. And the parking garage was a nightmare, full of blind corners that scared me every time we used it. The room was large and clean but dated. The bathroom was newer. Laundry room was fine and well priced. Location was ok, we encountered some seedy characters at night walking back. If our room were in a better location my experience would have been better.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value hotel My husband and I stayed in a studio suite in the Ilima for 4 nights. The hotel was very clean and a solid overall value. We had a nice view (12th floor) and the room was spacious and well kept. The rooms are listed as smoke cleared but I could not detect any residual smoke smell in our room. The hotel is located near the pulse of Waikiki with a lot of the more expensive hotels and attractions within easy walking distance. The free parking was a plus, but the spaces are small. Keep in mind that if you are out late on a Friday or Saturday, you may not find a space upon your return. Parking is free along the canal but finding a space on the weekend is near impossible. Additional parking is arranged in a structure across the street for $10 per day with in and out priviledges. We arrived after 9pm most nights and had to pay twice. Staff was friendly. Beach towels and mats are provided free of charge. The air conditioning units hum somewhat but keep the room a pleasant temperature. Although nightlife in Waikiki can be noisy and crowded, the Ilima is removed from the chaos. Its location is best for those people looking for something close to the people-centered activities of Waikiki without drowning in them. And the parking availability allows for exploration of all the other wonderful treaures of Oahu.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ilima - great value and service The Ilima was great. We stayed in the three-bedroom penthouse. There were six of us. It was roomy and fairly well eqipped in the kitchen department. The washer and drier in the room was fantasic. The rooftop sun deck was a great place to watch the sunrise. We were able to take advantage of the free parking every day. It was not full at any time. We never had to wait for the elevator. It seemed as though we were the only guests there much of the time. It is not opulent, but it is tasteful and roomy. The two bedroom suites are smaller and only have the one bath and the bedrooms are smaller - but they are nice. The Waikiki Beachcomber just down the street had a lobby that was noisy, crowded and stressful. Our lobby was quiet, calming and unpopulated. The staff was very kind and warm. We will definitely return to this hotel. And the price is fantastic.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KKY
<Content>Great Location, but the road leads to the hotel is under construction We stayed at Ilima July 12-15. It is indeed a user friendly hotel. The amenities are very basic, but sufficient. The only drawback at this time (which has nothing to do with the hotel) is the main street (Kuhio Street)leading to the hotel in under heavy construction, therefore it is practically traffic jam around the clock. As for the parking, if you cannot find a space in the Ilima garage, you can park along the Canal for free; just make sure to read the sign carefully.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sallisont
<Content>inexpensive with excellent location This hotel was exactly what I was looking for. It has a full kitchen, laundry facilities, very helpful and friendly staff - is two blocks from the beach, one block from the international market, two blocks from the grocery store and across the street from the canel ( which has a lovely foot path) and free parking (if they don't run out of space) - I was lucky and never had to pay to park.I was very happy with this hotel and would recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We stayed in a handicap equipped one bedroom for four nights. The rooms were a little tight for a wheelchair, but they were clean and functional and a good buy. There is also limited free parking which further reduces the cost. The staff was friendly and helpful.About 3 blocks from the beach, the Ilima is centrally located in terms of restaurants and the International Market; on a relatively quiet side street.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Ilima Hotel??? According to TripAdvisor, the Ilima Hotel in Waikiki is ranked #4 out of 129 hotels. The Hale Koa is #1 out of 129. The Hale Koa is absolutely beautiful. Why there is a vast difference between the #1 and 4 hotels, I have no clue. My co-worker and I shared a two bedroom on a business trip to Honolulu and we were less than pleased with the Ilima Hotel. I trusted TripAdvisor and its' public comments. For some reason, we were in a room for disabled persons. There was no tub nor any kind of ledge to keep the water from covering the ENTIRE bathroom floor. The kitchen left much to the imagination and I had to keep reprogramming the TV so that we could watch limited stations. The furniture was worn and dated. It was highly disappointing. I am quite curious about the comments that made the Ilima Hotel rank #4 out of 129 because it obviously did not pertain to the room in which we stayed. Thank you.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the prive Stayed here to save money after staying on the beach (outrigger reef) loved both of these hotels for different reasons. ilimi was clean, free parking, cooking facilities, 1 block away from intnl market place, you can walk to many things, bus stops, the shows right on the beach, much more. staff friendly, and had washers and driers. well worth the 85 a night, but on the other hand, the outrigger was well worth the 165, try both, but save the outrigger till last.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Colleague
<Content>A Winner This is a cozy and exceptionally pleasant, well maintained and well staffed hotel. My studio room was good sized and nicely equipped, and even included free local phone service. The full kitchen (microwave, refrigerator, toaster, cups, pots and pans, etc.) turned out to be a very useful convenience. From the time of my reservation through the eight days of my stay, I only encountered friendly and helpful people at the hotel. Further, the Ilima is in a good location and, last but not least, it is very well priced.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tommy2pdx
<Content>Nice For the Price We spent a week here in December, 1997. At the time it seemed clean and functional if not a bit dated when it came to decor. Room was spacious, bathrooms sparkling and kichenette well stocked. The free parking and local calls were a surprise plus. A couple of drawbacks: exercise room was a complete dud (about the size of a broom closet with old, non-functioning equipment) and the pool was postage-stamp sized with tatty AstroTurf surrounding it. Otherwise, we enjoyed our stay and would recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Accommodations   showReview(1909912, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best deal in Waikiki   showReview(1854876, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jashofteh
<Content>Good price   showReview(1836372, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rottogirl
<Content>Fantastic Hotel   showReview(1832537, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value   showReview(1562117, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Live4hols
<Content>great value, quiet hotel   showReview(1545295, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waikiki's Best Kept Secret   showReview(1398891, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel-condo customer Happy!!!   showReview(1345943, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wshngtn
<Content>A hidden gem in Waikiki   showReview(1221415, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value   showReview(739663, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>鐙嚜銇偟銉笺儞銈广仹鑹亜銇с仚   showReview(22292286, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇勶紒   showReview(19166623, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel   showReview(11658468, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇勩€併偄銉冦儓銉涖兗銉犮仹銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19162447, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

