<Author>WebgoddessNH
<Content>Mixed Reviews but Romantic anyway My husband and I stayed 3 days and 2 nights at the Eliot and have mixed reviews. Chose the property both for the elegance for the romantic getaway we sought and for the fact they were a dog-friendly hotel. Had a King suite on the 7th floor, quiet and to the side of the building. Mini bar with sink, but no ability to use refrigerator for our own beverages or no microwave for leftovers. Bathroom was like a small closet, but this likely has to do with the fact it's an old building and they put what they could where they could. The suite was pretty, comfortable sitting area, separated from the bedroom with wide french doors. But the ventilation system was LOUD, and didn't cycle on and off as the setting should have. Drowned out the TV and made sleeping difficult. In addition the mattress reminded us of lying down on a piece of cardboard and the white comforter had a dinner-plate sized yellow (urine?) stain on it. Ii expected more from a luxury hotel. Got a decent rate, but for the price we still had to pay $10 internet access fee and lost the access for a better part of the day. Received breakfast vouchers of $10 each good toward the $20 breakfast buffet. Having had the most marvelous, out of this world dinner at Clio the evening before, we were looking forward to breakfast there. What a disappointment. The staff was cold and rude and difficult to understand. The buffet had bagels with no way to warm/toast them, no juice -- we had to ask for it after waiting 5 minutes or better for someone to notice us, then the waiter only brought one juice, not two and never returned to fill any glass, including the water -- my husband had to seek him out for more water, forget the juice!! The buffet the menu makes out to sound decadent was nothing more than yogurt cups on ice, some chopped up fruit, cardboard individual serving boxes of cereal, some croissants and a couple muffins to accompany the cold bagels. Very sparse and very disappointing given the price of not only the breakfast buffet but the accommodations as well. (no where were the fresh baked pastries touted on the menu... we've stayed at Hampton Inns for less than $100 a night had a hot breakfast with protein/eggs, toaster to heat bagels/muffins, plenty of available juice and more. I can' t believe for the price they can't put out a chafing dish of at least scrambled eggs... ) With over an hour yet to serve, there were no clean plates set out to replace the stack that got used meaning the patrons had to take their dirty plates back up to the buffet. The impression we got was that we were annoying the staff and they really just wanted the people remaining to leave. My husband was disappointed in what he originally saw on the buffet and ordered breakfast off the menu, but for $33 plus tip, we walked away hungry and disappointed. We did not return on our second morning there. Sadly, if this had been our first exposure to Clio restaurant, we would have never gone in for dinner and would have missed the outstanding experience with the wonderful meal we did have the evening before. (I suspect the morning service at the restaurant has nothing to do with Clio itself, it's only a place to serve the morning meal, but if I was Clio's chef, I'd be pretty upset about the impression they give of my restaurant...) Valet parking is available and we were satisfied with the service. Desk personnel were told about breakfast problems but shrugged it off and didn't offer to make amends in any way. All in all, with exception of the breakfast staff, the other staff were nice and friendly. The experience was nice for the most part and it is a lovely building with elegant surroundings. We most likely would stay there again and make the Clio dining part of the experience.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>MevrouwC
<Content>About our wonderful stay at the Eliot Hotel! I made a reservation at the Eliot hotel as a surprise for my mother, and this worked out very very well! The service we received was excellent and my mother was impressed by the lovely suite! Also the location is great because of the fact that the well-known Newbury and Boylston streets are within an one minute walk. We would definitely recommend this hotel, and we also will visit this hotel again in the future!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SCM10
<Content>The Eliot A CLASS OF ITS OWN My partner and I chose this hotel to celebrate his birthday weekend in the city. We expected something upscale and comfortable and we were not disappointed. We had the pleasure of staying in a spacious suite with views of Commonwealth Ave.From the luxurious duvets to the comfy pillows, To the flat screen TV's to the fully stock mini bar we could relax and feel like we were at home. More impressive was the remarkably friendly and efficient staff who were always present to greet us and to attend to our needs. Although there is no exercise room or spa they have an arrangement with a nearby health club. The location was great just steps from Newbury St and shopping at Copley Place. There is also a delightful breakfast for which we receiveddiscount coupons upon check in. Overall if you are looking for a romantic escape the Eliot Hotel is the perfect getaway.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Foof225
<Content>The Omni will make any other hotel I stay at pale in comparision I am just getting around to typing my review of the Eliot Hotel, however it is due to the fact as I search for a hotel in a different area, I wish the Eliot had a sister franchise in other urban cities. The Eliot hotel is a true gem! It has a perfect location, close to all the major areas of town any visitor would need, especially shopping and the theater..Whether you need the subway or want a cab, it is all at your doorstep. More important than its location is the excellent service and room itself. My room was superior! I had a great view of the park(not sure of the name) from my window. Upon entry of my room, I was greeted with a welcome package. The cookies awaiting my party were outstanding! A friend had some champagne sent up and the manager on duty, Joseph, was gracious and caring. He actually brought the champagne to my room. I was very impressed by the hands on touch the management showed. The pillows were so dreamy I had to ask where I could find them, as I was in heaven. The bathroom was as big as the separate room in our suite. It was sparklingly clean. All in all, I can't recommend the Eliot enough. It is very hard to find something like it in say New York.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>homesweethome_8
<Content>I love the Eliot We stayed at the Eliot two different times this year (once in the spring, and again in August). We live in Boston and were going through home renovations, and really needed to have a break from it all. We were able to bring our two cats to the hotel with us and enjoy a very cozy and welcoming stay both times. The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are very comfortable and super-clean. Room service was prompt and food tasty. It was great experience all around of service and comfort -- we felt so pampered and relaxed there. And it's a great Back Bay location, with easy access to just about anything you could want.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shepsara
<Content>Fantastic experience We stayed at this wonderful hotel over the Thanksgiving period. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a complimentary suite which was marvellous. The room was spacious, elegantly decorated and heaven to stay in. All the staff were extremely friendly and nothing was too much trouble for them - even when I lost my passport! The hotel is positioned in a great area of Boston with only a short walk to Newbury Street and Boylston street and a 10 minute walk to the Prudential centre. Great value for money - a hotel with a lot of london class!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zeusnh
<Content>Questionable The staff/service was excellent. The cleanliness of the room was disgusting for a four star hotel or for any hotel tell for that matter. Would not take a shower because there were black foot prints in the tub, bathrobe was dirty (yellowed), soap dish has soap scum in it (inside shower), hand rail in show was soap scummed, mirror in hall way looked like someone flossed their teeth and it was never cleaned afterwards, half canopy over bed had 1/4 inch of dust on it (never touched), one remote didn't work, finger and hand prints on french door glass (all glass looked like it had never been cleaned) and the list goes on. Expect to pay a parking garage fee; parking is not included with the room!!!! $36 fee.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	5	5	3	

<Author>LuvtoTravel88
<Content>Always pleasant experience Stayed at this hotel 4 times. Great location, great space in suites, and great value.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ali24
<Content>Perfect Hotel, perfect position! What a find!.. My husband and I and our two kids (14 and 11) stayed at the Eliot Hotel for 5 days during August while we explored Boston. We had a suite which was spacious, modern and very clean and the front of desk staff were so lovely and helpful, constantly looking up addresses of shops that my teen daughter wanted to visit and googling places we had been recommended. It was in a fantastic position at the top of Newbury Street where all the trendy shops and eateries were and had none of the hectic comings and going of a large hotel, infact it almost felt like a classy apartment block. Recommended and we are definitely going back!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Carrtohler
<Content>Great location, but some noise I have stayed in a two-bed small room, and I have stayed in a one bedroom king suite. Both the little suite and the two-bed room had clean marble baths, but both bathrooms were rather small. In addition, there was almost no bureau/armoire space to put clothes. One room had only two middle size drawers available and the other had only one, very narrow highboy.The hotel staff were uniformly helpful, although at least one of the women at the front desk/concierge had a little trouble speaking and understanding English, and in addition she was not quite up to speed on information about the hotel and its policies.Street noise was a problem, because my rooms were on the street side (Mass Ave or Commonwealth Ave); the solid 鈥渂lackout鈥?curtains were great, but, particularly in the very early morning (e.g., 5:00AM), there was a lot of traffic noise and it woke me up every day.The rooms were serviced promptly and well by the cleaning staff.I ate only one breakfast in Clio, the restaurant in the hotel; the food was fine, but not particularly imaginative and on the quite expensive side. Opt instead for the breakfast at the Trident Book Store which is right up the street on Newbury Ave.As is typical of very high priced hotels, there is a separate charge for everything, including the use of the internet in the room. The location is excellent 鈥?you can walk to Fenway Park, there is a T stop in the next block, and there are lots of shopping and restaurant options within easy walking distance.Bottom line - the staff are great, the location is excellent, bathrooms are nice but small, traffic noise can wake you up or keep you awake, and the cost is high. If money is no object, and you can sleep through most things, this is a perfect place for you.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>a-2-z-traveler112254
<Content>simple, good location we stayed at the elliot hotel ove rlabor day weekend. we were up graded to a sutie on the 9th level (top floor) b/c it was our anniversary. Which was nice! The location was great for shopping, the prudential center, and even to walk the freedom trail. The ugly.... this hotel is old. All night long even being in the 9th floor at we heard was traffic noise, sirens, horns blasting, ambulances, ect. we thought it would stop but it continued all night. i can't imagine how noisey it must be on lower levels. The bed was hard as a rock. (the worst i have ever slept on) and we had our AC on 65 degrees the entire time we were there but the room never got below 80. There are nicer hotels in this area for the money. The staff at the hotel was very friendly and overly accomedation, printed out mapquest directions for me to dinner.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>rharris209
<Content>Overcharged for room, not a good experience! I just spent an entire week at the Eliot in Boston. Our son was attending a clinic at Berklee School of Music.The hotel was fair...bathroom was really small, older rooms but decent. The maid service could have done a lot better job..My problem was that when we checked in (which was at about midnight after traveling for 12 hours) I wasn't sure what the rate for the room was supposed to be as my wife had made the reservation.So the next morning I noticed the rate was not correct so I checked on line and then went down to the desk. After discussing it with the desk person, at first he wasn't going to honor the rate. I told him it is advertised and that was supposed to be the rate we got. He finally agreed as he couldn't really take any other position.So, when I checked out I noticed that they had adjusted the rate for day 2 through 6. So I asked why the first night wasn't corrected and they said that I hadn't said anything till the next morning so they WOULD NOT correct it.I spent over $4000 that week at the Eliot, and it was really more principle then money.To top it off, and now that Im a little pissed, I look the bill over carefully and noticed they had charged me twice for room serivice one day. I pointed it out and he said when you get home you can call out accounting department...I said, well, how about fixing it now...he just looked at me but wouldn't correct it.I would be very careful staying here!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>CBTravelerDallas
<Content>One of the best!! Smallish but historic hotel in a great Back Bay location. Short walk to Fenway. Starbucks and Capital Grill around the corner. Rooms are large, tastefully decorated. Staff is friendly and does little things like hitting the down button on the elevator when they see you coming. If you don't want the typical chain hotel experience, the Eliot is perfect!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tdco
<Content>Smoke/Service Problem During our recent stay at the Eliot we specified a non-smoking room, which was provided, except that the air vent in the bathroom literally poured fresh cigarette smoke either from another part of the hotel or outside directly into our bathroom. Because we got in late and were tired we shut the door to the bathroom and went to sleep. When we woke up and brought the problem to the attention of the front desk (who visited the room to confirm the problem), they promised to provide us with another bathroom to shower and get ready for the rest of our trip in. They were unable to do this before we left, and said that because we booked through hotels.com they could not do anything else for us. All in all, for the price and four star rating, I was very unsatisfied with this hotel and their service/smoke problem. On the plus side, the location on Commonwealth Ave and near Newberry street and Fenway is excellent.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>AMP2008London
<Content>Superb location Our family of 4 spent 4 nights at the Eliot, and would certainly recommend the hotel. It is quite small, and thus far more personal than some of the other US hotels we have stayed in. The room was very nice, although the beds did seem a little short for my over 6 foot tall husband. It was not enormous, but this is Boston, and I am lead to believe that hotels here are small and expensive. We didn;' bother with room service or having breakfast delivered to the room as there are places locally which are a very easy walk. There was a great Bookstore on Newbury Street where we ate breakfast which was better value for money than the hotel. They did make a rather significant error on the bill, charging us for 2 rooms instead of 1, so do check this before you hand over your credit card. But the location is superb - very close to a Green line T station.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>MrsNP712
<Content>No problems Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Eliot and couldn't really fault it. We had a suite on the 9th floor which was tastefully decorated and very comfortable. We were offered turn-down service every night and the staff couldn't be more accomodating, from doorman to restaurant/bar staff. We didn't carry a single piece of luggage - there was always someone there to do it for us. I would highly recommend this hotel and would give it a 4.5 star rating if I could!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>peace_all
<Content>Great Location, wished we could sleep... My husband and I booked this hotel as a well priced centralish hotel, in a good area. The price was right, and service great, but we found the bed to be horrid, traffic noise loud (older windows), drafty, and the room bright as the window blinds didn't close all the way, after two nights we switched to a hotel that was more central with much more comfortable beds. The location was awesome, great walks down nice streets, and the neighbourhood felt very safe walking at night. Nice cafe's and resturants on nearby streets (less then a block away). Whatever you value make your choice, but ultimately comfort was ours.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>hiway61
<Content>Hardly a luxery hotel I stayed there on business. They offer valet parking at $36 per day. While we were taking our bags out of the car (we hadn't even had a chance to check in) one of the valets brought another guest's car around to the entrance and backed directly into our car while parking. TWICE. Management was very confrontational about it, and had the attitude that we were making a big deal out of nothing. The next morning there was no electricity in my room. I had to put my contact lenses in at the window sill using a compact mirror. Couldn't shave because the bathroom is an interior room with no natural light, consequently went through the business day unshaven. I walked past a stack of dirty dishes on the floor in the hall near the elevator at 6pm, they were still there when I checked out the next day.I've had better stays at budget motels.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>NahlaLondon
<Content>Red Eye Arrival I reserved a room at The Eliot Hotel at the 11th hour and was really pleased that they could accomodate me. I only needed my room for a few hours in the morning as I was arriving straight off an overnight flight from LA. The staff checking me in at 6AM were really helpful and offered a free checkout extension which was great. They also booked me table at a great restaurant for my client lunch later that afternoon.My suite was very comfortable and clean. The a/c was quite noisy as was the heating installation but I got used to the noise in the end.The only issue with the suite was in the bathroom where there was a leak however as i was only staying for 4 hrs it didnt really matter.The staff were really helpful except for the afternoon receptionist who was rude and agressive.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Mari33posa
<Content>Elated after my stay at the Eliot! From the moment I entered the Eliot Hotel the service,staff, and accomodations were excellent. My friends and I stayed in one of their guest rooms for a conference in Boston- after my experience I would definitely return again! This was a charming botique hotel. The beds were quite comfortable, and while the guest rooms are slightly smaller than a typical hotel the ambience more than made up for it. Our room had a marble bathroom, plenty of lighting, and stylish furniture. Additionally, two bathrobes and a welcome note with cookies were also a nice touch.Throughout the duration of my stay the staff could not have been more helpful or friendly. On one night while I was there my friend and I were about to go outside when we realized it was raining. The belhop staff furnished us with umbrellas instead of us having to retrieve ours from the room. The staff were quick to help me with all of my questions and requests. For the four days of my stay I felt like a princess- while I know that sounds rather trite, it really was hard to come back home! If you are looking for that special place to splurge a little while you are in Boston, the Eliot Hotel is the location for you!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MMM8
<Content>Wonderful All-Around We've stayed at the Elliot twice now and both times have had a great experience. The first time, we were with our grown son, so booked a two-bedroom suite. If you need that much room, the Elliott's two-bedroom suite is a genuine bargain, substantially more room for substantially less money than two nice hotel rooms anywhere in the area. The second time we were on our own, so booked just the one-bedroom suite. Again, the rate was competitive with most rooms in the area and the accommodations were quite a bit better in terms of space and comfort. Both visits, I asked the front desk if it might be possible to borrow an electric kettle for brewing my own tea, and both times they managed to come up with one. When we wanted a bucket of ice, they brought it to the door within a few minutes. And it really is worth the price to have breakfast at Clio's at least once during your stay. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, the rooms are quiet (we were on the second floor, right on the corner of Commonwealth and Mass Ave, and it was still quiet, maybe due to the air handling system), the towels and robes are thick and plentiful, and the beds are excellent, puffy with high-thread-count sheets. If I would change anything, I might be tempted to have one less piece of furniture in the sitting room; it was just a little crowded. But overall, a great place to stay in Boston.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jnjmoore
<Content>Early Hotel Charmed in Boston The hotel Eliot is an old-school charmer with top-notch service. I stayed in an upstairs suite (room 808, I think) for a recent business trip and it was spacious and comfortable with nicely appointed furniture and layout.. It is located in a great part of the Back Bay area in Boston with great shopping and easy access to several great landmarks such as Fenway Park, Newbury Street, and is a quick jaunt over the Charles River to Cambridge. I very much recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>lovelux
<Content>YUCK - are you kidding me? I was really tossing up between the Eliot Hotel and the Four Seasons. I always check Frommer's and Trip Advisor and after careful thought, we selected the Eliot. It was a bit less money for a good size room and the reviews I read were all very good. BIG MISTAKE. This hotel is small, old, dirty and not well located. I have NO IDEA what Frommer's was thinking.The room was large but the beds were awful, the bathrooms moldy, the carpets dirty and the lobby dark and dingy. We had booked to stay here for 3 nights and after a long drive with a 4 year old, we were NOT IMPRESSED upon arrival. It was late so we stayed anyway but called the Four Seasons right away and booked two nights for the following day.We were greeted with drunks and police sirens all night. Absolutely TERRIBLE! I was so disgusted with myself for having chosen this hotel.Management needs to get some upkeep and updating started.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	2	1	

<Author>harudenver
<Content>noisy, uncomfortable, horrible service staff gave us incorrect directions to a venue and we were lost in the city and late for the wedding. we could hear everything going on in the rooms adjacent, so needless to say, we did not get any sleep. no one helped us with our bags. all in all, we paid premium rates for this less than average accomodation. definitely NOT a luxury hotel. if you want luxury, stick to the four seasons or the ritz-carlton. otherwise, the westin and the marriott copley square are much better places to stay. we will NEVER stay here again. better off staying at a days inn or motel 6!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetotaketrips
<Content>Best Boutique Hotel in Boston The very continental Eliot Hotel in Boston is in a terrific location - walking distance to Newbury Street and to Fenway Park. Beautiful, ultra clean, spacious rooms and a friendly accomodating staff make your stay a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oldwanderingwoman
<Content>Wonderful small hotel A great location on Massachusetts and Commonwealth avenues for access to shops, restaurants, and areas to walk. It was a bit farther from the Public Gardens than we'd realized, but if we'd had enough time it still would have been easy walking distance. The restaurant located in the hotel, Clio, was excellent--definitely not the standard hotel restaurant fare--and we were glad we'd selected it from the various options in the neighborhood. The hotel and room felt like an elegant European hotel, though the room size was larger than most small European hotels. The staff was fantastic and we will definitely return there whenever their prices are competitive.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>JoanneRI
<Content>Wonderful, clean hotel! This boutique hotel in the Back Bay section of Boston was a treat for my husband and me. We visit Boston often, because our son attends college there. The cost was very reasonable, and for less that what we usually pay for a tiny room at the nearby Hilton, we had a beautiful suite with complimentary cookies. The room was very clean. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Something2say
<Content>Nice Experience We found most hotels to be expensive in the area that we wanted to stay, but got a reasonable rate at this hotel. This is a quaint hotel with lots of charm. The staff was attentive and friendly. Always quick to offer a hello. The interior was clean and modern. Good location to access public transportation to tour the city. Only negative was the air conditioning which never seemed to cool the room.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AmsterdamSquirrel
<Content>Excellent hotel, best in Boston! This hotel is just excellent! Everything is perfect: service, rooms, restaurant, location! There are just no things I can think of which are not good... The staff is so friendly and helpful, amazing! The nice decor and size of the rooms are superb! This is absolut the number 1 hotel in Boston!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Missypie
<Content>Lovely, but formal, hotel in a great location Our family of five stayed in a one bedroom suite. The decor was beautiful, but it was small for the five of us. I understand that the corner suites are larger; I wish I had known to ask for one of those. The bathroom was quite tiny. There is only a low, three door chest to put clothes in. (There is plenty of room for a taller chest and I would recommend that they replace the short chests with taller ones.)I think that maybe the management has read the reviews about lack of a doorman, because EVERY time we came and went, we saw a doorman. The doormen were very helpful with luggage, etc.The hotel was a bit formal for us; the biggest pain was that there were no ice machines on the floors, so we had to request that ice be brought to the room. We are more used to being able to help ourselves.I asked that the mini-bar fridge be emptied so that we could use it for milk for the kids. They emptied the tiny fridge for us, but it turned out that it was barely cool, so it really wan't usable.The location is TERRIFIC. It is just a short walk to the T Station. It is also just 1/2 block to Newbury Street, which is filled with shops and restaurants. There are also a couple of restaurants on the same block as the Eliot. We tried Island Hopper (Southeat Asian cuisine) and it was just terrific! Directly across the street is a nice convenience store. We'd send the kids with some money every morning to buy cereal, milk, etc.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>preetam2u
<Content>A Place I Call Home Away From Home! I am a bussiness traveller and travel frequently to Boston, I have tires diftrent hotels but until recently i found this beauty of a place called 'The Eliot Hotel'. Upon arrival at the Logan International Airport I was told that my luggage hadnot been loaded on my plane and will have to wait 24 hours for it to arrive. so i headed to my next destination The Eliot Hotel. Upon arrival i informed the staff at the desk that my luggage would be arriving later and sould be informed when it does. Upon hearing my story they quickly offered any assistance that I may need. I was also given a complimentary upgrade wow.the suite was just beautiful and after a long trip I was hoping to get a good night sleep which is some times not possible in hotel rooms, its either noise or smelling carpet etc, but I found i had a good night sleep in my suite it was perfect . I had a great Breakfast and dinner at clio restaurant on my first day. And yes my Baggage did arrive the next day late in the evening.Overall I think, I would be staying at The Eliot Hotel every time I am in Boston.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cramer07
<Content>pleasant staff, uncomfortable accomodations My wife and I stayed with another couple at the Eliot for 3 nights over the 4th of July. We knew that staying in downtown Boston would be expensive, especially over the 4th. Luckily, through a discount program I was able to book a suite with 2 double beds for $267 a night, more than a hundred dollars cheaper than the going rate. However, even with the cheaper rate, we feel we didn't get our money's worth out of the hotel. First....the good. The staff was very friendly all around. The doorman, bellman, and front desk staff were always very pleasant (with or without receiving a tip). It is a great location for shopping and to go to Fenway. However, the building and accomodations had problems. I realize the building is very old, but to bill this as a 5-star hotel, some improvements should be made. Some problems were understandable (weak shower pressure, musty smell in the hallway, etc.) But some problems were plain unacceptable, even for a $80 a night room at Super 8. After looking closely at the comforters on both beds, the white fabric was stained in many places with who-knows-what. It really grossed me out so we didn't even use those blankets. I am about 6ft 2in tall and unfortunately the beds didn't accomodate my heighth and they are very hard. The windows allow a lot of nighttime noise in from the street below, so we shoved pillows around the frame to muffle the noise. They have 2 restaurants in the hotel, but both were closed during our entire stay because of the holiday. That didn't make sense to me, but it would have probably been too expensive for us anyway. But the worst part is that after our 2nd night, my friend's wife woke up with itchy little bites all over her legs. All in all, the Eliot seems to be pre-occupied with appearance and creating the image of luxury hotel. But to me, luxury is defined as ultimate comfort, and we were not comfortable during our stay.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelgal12359
<Content>an absolute gem!! This hotel was fabulous. My mother, sister and I stayed for 4 nights in June 2007 to do the Freedom Trail, history, etc. The service at this hotel is impeccable. Our room was darling with beautiful fabrics. It was very clean. Every staff person we ran into was extremely friendly and helpful. If they are in the vicinity of the elevator when you are in the hall, they would push the button for it. The doormen were very friendly as well as the desk staff. They accommodated our every need quickly and efficiently. I highly recommend this historic, sweet hotel. By the way, the T line subway was a nice surprise. Having never ridden in a subway car I was impressed with the cleanliness and the attendants were very helpful and nice (preferred to the taxi drivers which where a bit scary and expensive).  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ukiahdds
<Content>A Back Bay Beauty We spent 4 nights at the Eliot Hotel, arriving June 14. From the moment we checked in, the staff was courteous and efficient. I don`t recall ever staying anywhere with this kind of service. Our room was a suite with the bedroom seperated by French doors. It was very well appointed and quiet if the windows were closed. The Eliot is situated in a very pretty neighborhood with many brick homes and apartments and it fits right in. It is quite old, but they have done an excellent job of blending the ambience of the past with the conveniences of the 21st century. The king size bed was very comfortable. Our son was with us, and the sofa-bed in the sitting room was not as comfortable, but they were kind enough to provide a foam pad when we asked, which helped.Cabs are readily available at the Eliot, and the subway is only a couple of blocks away. It is very convenient to Fenway Park and shopping and restaurants. All in all, the Eliot is a wonderful hotel, perhaps the nicest we`ve ever stayed in. It is a little pricey, but all Boston appears to be. In this case, you do get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>linda528
<Content>Great Treatment at the Eliot We stayed at the Eliot during Memorial Day weekend while we were getting married in Boston (at a different location). The staff could not have been more wonderful to us, helping us with many little details, and even getting collar stays for my husband just before the wedding. In fact, we left them with part of our wedding cake to say thanks!We've stayed at hotels all over Boston. None can beat the Eliot's location, right near Newbury Street and a block from the green line. And the rooms are absolutely charming.I was surprised to read in a recent review that there was no one available to help with bags, etc. We never had that problem--Doormen were always on hand to assist. As for street noise, the Eliot is on a busy corner in Boston, but that's part of the great location. As for a $10 in-room internet charge, well, the hotel also offered free 24-hour internet access in its business center behind reception. The hotel also provided me with a free voucher to use a great sports club nearby.I heartily recommend the Eliot and we will stay there again and again when we visit Boston.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bethr777
<Content>Bad experience at the Elliot Hotel Last Friday, I booked a suite for my daughter and I at the Elliot. I drove about 31/2 hours from NY, to help her move from one section of Boston to another. After a full day, and evening, we got back to our suite at around 10:00. We were tired, and I had a long drive to make,alone the next day; so we went to sleep at around 10:30. From 10:30 until about 12:30, we were both tossing and turning, because as soon as we'd fallen asleep, we were awakened by blaring horns which sounded as if they were mere feet from our room.I called the front desk, and they told me we could move to a quieter room down the hall. We dragged our tired selves over to the other room, opened the door, and discovered other peoples' belongings there. We called the from desk back, and they said we could go to a diffierent room, four floors down from us.By that time, I had finally drawn opened the drapes, only to discover that the window was broken, and opened very widely. My daughter, and I somehow managed to close the broken window, and finally went to sleep, at around 2:00 am. After waking up at around 7:00, to get ready to do more moving and drive back to NY, we walked over to Starbucks and ate breakfast; ( The breakfasts at the hotel were a fortune!)When we got back to our room, we discovered the broken window had fallen on my bed. Thank goodness I wasn't sitting or sleeping there.By this time, I was totally exhausted. I explained the situation to the manager, who offered to reimburse me $60.00 off the price of the almost $400.00 a night room, plus the $34.00 I spent on parking. I thought this was most unfair, and was told to contact the general manager on Monday. When I finally contacted her, she agreed to give me another $100.00 back. Frankly, I don't think I should have had to pay anything for a room with a broken window that let all the street noise in, and kept us awake most of the night!We will never return.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cmtmom
<Content>Inconsistent We arrived at the Eliot after spending a wonderful night at the Lenox. The Eliot is closer to The Boston Conservatory, so that is where I initially wanted to stay, but there was no room the first night, so we stayed at the Lenox. The rather small but charming lobby of the Eliot was somewhat chaotic as a large group was checking out. It was raining when we arrived in the evening and there was no doorman to greet us or bellman to help us with the bags. There were steps to enter the hotel and steps to go down to the lobby and carrying the luggage was not easy.The room was nicely decorated. Clean bathrooms, cute window seats, very charming. The beds were very comfortable.In room internet access was a $10 charge, which I think should have been included.Turn down service was offered nightly. The neighborhood is very convenient to shopping (Newberry Street) and is very close to both Berklee and The Boston Conservatory.Upon checking out, once again...no help. Lugging bags to the street and hailing a cab ourselves.After arriving home, I received $10.00 fee adjustment on my bill for a luggage tag. I was told I had taken this from the room. I can assure you, I have no luggage tag. I have asked for this fee to be removed, and was told that it would be, but as of today, it still remains.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Rochdalien
<Content>Well appointed, in good location, minor issue with noise We stayed at the Eliot for 4 nights just after Easter. The Hotel is very charming, well appointed and presented. It is clean and follows good green practice with towels and linen. The staff were always friendly and effiicient.The location is excellent being one small block from the Transit station, close to the freeway and only 25 minutes from Logan Airport. The general area is very nice, lots of great cafes, restaurants and shops. The Prudential Tower is close by for some great sightseeing.Our only gripe would be the noise at the rear of the hotel - our room overlooked several air-conditioning ducts \ fans and the I-90 freeway so noise was at times a little intrusive.A free to use internet facility was on offer.On the whole, we would recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happycamperNewYork
<Content>Gem of a hotel I loved this hotel. Perfectly appointed room and bath. It is a charming place that you either love or hate at once.   
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>perryair52
<Content>Fantastic Experience The Eliot Hotel was a fantastic find. My g/f and I stayed for the weekend and the staff was attentive and courteous and helpful. The hotel was charming and also in a fantastic location, within walking distance to the train and all the great shops/restaurants/etc in back bay. Also is pet friendly with no add'l charges for travelers with pets. Finally, the rooms are decent size (the suites at least), decorated well and quite comfortable. The only little thing that wasn't perfect was that the HVAC unit was a bit noisy, but given that the hotel has been around since 1925, I wouldn''t expect everything to be brand new, either.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BeenthereWorcester
<Content>Fine Old Boston Hotel Stayed at the Eliot for 1 night. (Convention in town) Not sure where the negative review came from, but we were very pleased with the Eliot. No, there was no view from the room but an alleyway, but hey! the hotel is on Commonwealth Ave in the city and was not designed for the view...Room was very clean, service was outstanding and everyone we encountered was extremely pleasant and unfailingly helpful. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Josh88b
<Content>Really Awful Hotel Based on reviews here and their inclusion on the Conde Nast Traveller Gold List I was shocked by the Eliot Hotel. The staff is incompetent, fond of giving incorrect answers to questions and seem to be totally unsupervised. My wife and I checked into our room to discover a shower that fell apart when you turned the knob and outfitted with a shower head that would be unacceptable for a Motel 6. A door that seemed to house part of the heating system refused to stay closed although neither of us ever opened it which may or may not have also had something to do with the room's refusal to remain warm enough for a winter night. We were attending a wedding next door and upon returning at 10 past 12 were told that a limited room service menu was available. We ordered a turkey sandwich and after being told that it would take 45 minutes to an hour for the crack staff to put even that simple meal together settled in to wait for our meal. 15 minutes later we received a call telling us that there was no turkey sandwich left - these things happen but how in the world does it take a hotel that pretends to be high class and well appointed by professional staff that long to discover there isn't any turkey in the house. Especially when it's one of only three things you're allowed to order past the arbitrary midnight cutoff. The housekeeping staff pounds on the door at 6:15 Sunday night for turndown, we were on our way out shortly thereafter and asked them to return later. When we got home from the event we found an untouched room, par for the course for this mess of a hotel. Stay elsewhere in Boston, the Eliot is not worth your time nor your money.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>dbrown46
<Content>Top location, service and comfort After reading the many reviews of where to stay in Boston, we settled on the Eliot Hotel and we are very happy we made that decision.The hotel is ideally located less than one block from the green line T in Back Bay. Newbury Street shops are an easy stroll and we easily walked to Boston Common, Beacon Hill, Downtown and even to the North End (we had good weather!). The bus to Harvard also stops right at the corner and cabs were easy hailed by the doormen.Service is very efficient and friendly, from opening doors and helping with luggage to efficient check in and check out to room service requests for a refrigerator, extra glasses and ice to an accommodating business center.The room we had was a spacious 6th floor suite with lots of space. The room was incredibly quiet, there was lots of hot water and strong water pressure and there were windows which opened (the hotel is kept a little too warm for my taste). Furnishings were very tasteful and bed linens were very comfortable. We were upgraded to this suite and charged $235 per night.For a tourist, I think this is the best location and value in Boston since when you return from (easily accessible) sightseeing, your home away from home is in a very safe neighborhood with many restaurants and shops.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>davidfisher
<Content>nice, warm and comfortable Stayed for 3 nights over a November weekend, given a quiet and quite spacious 6th floor suite. The combination of well decorated bedroom and a separate living room (more than big enough for 5 people to sit in comfort) was a winner, especially compared to a 'brand' hotel. There were loads of staff on duty in the lobby on returning to the hotel in the late afternoon, but bizarrely a pot of tea took between 20 and 30 minutes each time to get to the room. Kettles are needed for each room, and also individual safe deposits in the room, rather that just at reception.The hotel restaurant Clio is seriously ambitious, and obviously very popular with Bostonians, extremely intense flavours, quite rich - and of course expensive!We liked the Eliot, and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hoteller123
<Content>Staff problems at the Eliot Very disappointing experience for a place that is supposed to be competing with the many great hotels in Boston. Upon arrival, I told the desk staff member I was checking in. She asked my name, which I gave her. She turned to her computer - I thought to start the checking process - and another guest walked up. She proceeded to check him in while I was still standing there waiting. Being ignored at the front desk was just one of a series of similar lapses that happened on numerous occasions - and I was only there 1 night! Room service was poor - no knife on the tray, long wait to get dinner, etc. The room decor was nice, although the bathroom in my suite was barely large enough for me to turn around in. The poorly trained and disorganized staff made it a very stressful stay. I would absolutely not stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>lstein
<Content>great little hotel wonderful hotel right in the back bay. Very close to fenway park.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacsrus
<Content>Great service, location, comfort Really liked this hotel. Very comfortable beds. In walking distance to Fenway, right by a T stop, and right by Newbury Street. Very service-oriented as far as helping with luggage, doors and cabs; providing a T map; including turn-down service (and chocolates!) without being asked; and filling the ice bucket nightly without being asked. Staff was friendly, greeting us as we came and went. Room was kept clean, with towels/toiletries restocked regularly. Yeah, you're paying for it, but many other hotels we looked at cost more, and we could find no drawbacks at the Eliot.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>CEK1
<Content>Great for the business traveler This is my second stay at The Eliot. The first was my honeymoon in September 2001. Then, we chose The Eliot because it had always supported the public interest organization at my law school by donating vouchers for our annual auction. Based on how much my husband and I enjoyed the 2001 stay, I returned for a four-day business and personal trip five years later. During the interval, The Eliot only got better. For a city hotel, the rooms are spacious and inviting, with a pleasant, comfortable, but sophisticated mix of traditional and contemporary furnishings. The color scheme trends toward the browns and golds, with touches of blue and lovely, clean white in the bathroom. A particular plus is the walk-in closet, which is easily four times the size of the closet you would find in any other hotel. At $265/night, The Eliot is an exceptional value. I appreciated the superb customer service that I received not only from the hotel staff--delivery of business FedExes and faxes was lightning-swift--but also from the cordial and highly professional wait staff in Clio. I dined alone there on a Wednesday night and felt particularly well cared for and well-fed. The wireless internet access in the office area of the room was hampered initially by interference, but the front desk promptly had the service provider contact me, and the provider assured that front desk staff brought me a bridge, readily solving the problem. I had four highly productive days at The Eliot, punctuated by enjoyable exchanges with friendly, competent, diverse staff and pleasant short walks around the lovely Back Bay. Based on two experiences over five years as both a leisure and a business traveler, I would recommend The Eliot without hesitation, and plan to treat this exceptional small hotel as my first choice for all future travel to Boston.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>j9289
<Content>Great Back Bay Choice My wife, son and I just spent two nights and were impressed by this hotel, which certainly deserves the great recognition and reviews it gets. The location is fine - my wife enjoyed being near Newbury and my son enjoyed being near Fenway Park - and why someone would want to stay at the Ritz-Carlton or Four Seasons rather than this well-appointed, intimate place with a great restaurant downstairs is beyond me. Our one complaint was with the parking - it's valet (of course) but the front desk didn't tell us (or any of the other guests who checked out the day we left) of the wait time for our car to be retrieved, which delayed our departure quite considerably. Be prepared for as much as an hour's wait!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>savvytravelin
<Content>Cream of the Crop - The Eliot Hotel SUPERB in every way.....My husband and I had never been to Boston and we were absolutely thrilled with our choice of the Eliot Hotel. His business conference was next door at the Harvard Club, which was perfect. But the best part for me was the proximity I had to the entire city for 3 days while he had meetings. We stayed an additional 2 days to enjoy Boston on our own and LOVED the city and the Eliot Hotel! Our one bedroom KING suite was outstanding....we had 3 large windows, as our room was on the corner of Commonwealth/Mass Ave. and our suite was huge. We knew the bathroom was likely NOT going to be large, by others accounts-which was fine, but it was a gorgeous suite, lovely fabrics, very cozy/comfortable bed with lovely sheets/duvet/pillows, and the closet space was immense, as well as our foyer with wet bar. We ordered room service coffee each morning, which was wonderful, although a coffee maker in the room would be welcomed. We had the BEST service I believe we've ever experienced in a hotel....the staff knew who we were, along with the bellman, who hailed a cab for us several times....and the staff was always eager to please, but they were not annoying in the least....just the opposite. The e-mail contacts I had with various staff members was so helpful, prior to our arrival. Everyone went out of their way to make our stay special.....and we loved the entire experience. We were able to walk to Fenway for a RedSox game one night, hop the train one block away, walk to Newbury Street for shopping/coffee/meals whenever we liked, and we always felt safe too. What is not to like about this hotel!!! We strongly recommend booking a one bedroom suite, as we loved the additional space vs. a regular room. Other reviews mention the noise - but traffic is something you cannot prevent in a location like this, so you have to put up with that. We will always recommend this hotel to anyone we know traveling to Boston!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Boston Hotel My husband, baby daughter and I stayed in the Eliot Hotel for one night after a weeklong trip to Cape Cod. We wanted to stay in Boston Saturday night to be close to the airport for our Sunday morning flight. We have stayed in several hotels in Boston over the years and we were thrilled with this hotel. We had a premier suite that was large and perfect for us. The living room was a perfect place to put our daughter in herpack n play and she slept late the next day because of the wonderful draperies blocking the light (until you open them-we had a great view of Commonwealth Ave.!!) Were able to close the french doors to our bedroom and watch a little tv without disturbing her. The rooms are beautifully and tastefully decorated. Our room was in hues of blue and chocolate brown. The bathroom was restored, but still had beautiful old white marble and a seperate area to put on your makeup with good lighting. There is also a seperate wet bar area off of the living room that was a great space to keep our daughter supplies, food and bottles. The bed was very comfortable and my husband really enjoyed the wireless internet. The Eliot is also in a fabulous location and just a short walk to so many wonderful restaurants and shops. We were sad that we were only staying one night, but are delighted to have found a favorite hotel in Boston.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ski_fiend_MN
<Content>Top-notch service Our group of 4 seniors and 2 adults stayed at the Eliot over the 4th of July. The location is very convenient with the hotel being a block from the subway, close to the trolleys, a block from the on-ramp to the Mass Turnpike, and in a beautiful Back Bay neighborhood.The rooms are distinctive, tastefully decorated and comfortable. But the service is what will bring us back to the hotel again. The front desk staff was exceptionally helpful and pleasant. They catered to our many needs and did it with a smile. House-keeping and room service responded quickly to calls. The few quibbles that our group had were the lack of a coffee pot and having to pay for the wi-fi ($10/day).This family owned hotel knows how to make people feel welcomed. Highly recommended for a great stay in a great city.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travellrp
<Content>Good stay for $$$ We stayed at the Eliot for the weekend of June 10 and liked it very much. I would recommend it. We had our 5 year old and 3 year old so the two room suite allowed them to go to bed and the adults to stay up for a while. The rooms were clean and well organized. While there was no fridge (just a minibar) there is a pantry area with a sink-- great for storing snacks for the kids. We were greated by fresh and yummy cookies on arrival. Our room was ready at 12 which was so nice after traveling in the morning with kids. (This was probably luck.) This is a very safe area. We could walk to shops and Fenway. The T is across the street. If you are a runner, you are right on Commonwealth and close to the Charles--both great runs. The staff was quite nice, in particular the doormen who went out of their way to be sweet to the kids. We had a problem with a sink. After telling the front desk it was fixed right away. The wireless was fast, but not free. Other writers commented on the air conditioner, etc. We were on a lower floor (though in an updated room). We faced the courtyard (yuck) which at first bothered me, but frankly the room was very quiet and we heard no traffic. The compressors didn't bother us. One night there was a dumpster emptied at 3 am, but hey, it is a city. You have to expect this.We paid $$$ as a splurge. It was worth it and I'd stay again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BeenThereToo
<Content>Great Location and Very Accommodating We really liked just about every aspect of the Eliot Hotel. The location, the service, the restaurant, and the room.Everyone was very friendly when we checked in to our one bedroom suite. And we had a LOT of luggage including a big tandem stroller for our two toddlers. The doormen had a hell of time helping us with all our luggage. Unfortunately for them there are no ramps so they had to carry our (and everyone's) bags up 4 or 5 steps into the foyer and then down 4 or 5 more to the front desk and elevators. Very elegant foyer but if you ask me it's a design flaw!Anyway, the room was perfect for us because it faced the back alley which was quiet for the most part. (There was a recycling dumpster somewhere nearby that got a lot of business about 2am each night.) A friend stayed in a room facing Mass Ave and had problems sleeping due to all the noise and traffic. The room was very nicely appointed, a nice bed, good-sized bathroom, two tvs, a big desk and central air/heat. The only thing missing was a closet.The partition between the bedroom and the living room was a set of french doors. Very romantic but since we were there with our children it actually worked against us. The thin white curtains didn't keep much of our bedroom light out of the living room where the kids were sleeping on the pull-out sofa. We folded up the sofabed each morning so I was impressed that housekeeping actually opened the bed, straightened the sheets and made the bed and folded it back up again.The doormen probably wanted to kill us since we entered and exited the hotel 4 or 5 times per day for 5 days. Each time they smiled as the bent over and hefted the stroller with two sleeping toddlers up and down the stairs. They deserve a raise after putting up with us.The restaraunt, Clio, is one of Boston's best for dinner. And the breakfast buffet is reasonable for what you get-- $18 for a continental buffet with very nice servers. But if you want eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast with a coffee and juice, be prepared to shell out about $35.And lastly the location was great with a T stop (subway) across the street. Also the Prudential Center (mall), the Charles River, the Esplanade, and Newbury Street were all within 5 minutes.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Problems with Reservations I have not actually stayed at this hotel. However, I have attempted to make reservations for 5 adults (girls' weekend away) to stay in one of the suites. There are plenty of beds  room -- 2 double beds  a pull-out sofa. I was informed by the reservation staff that this was not possible due to fire law. I just wanted to verify, so I called the Boston Fire Department who advised me that they do not have a law concerning how many people stay in a hotel room -- only in places of assembly, i.e. common areas. After discussing this with the hotel staff, they told me that there was a maximum occupancy allowed for the hotel as a whole  that the method they used to enforce this was by limiting the number of people per room. When asked why they have so many beds, if they do not allow that many people to stay there, the reservations staff informed me that many children stay there. And children count as a half person for occupancy laws. In summary, I feel that the Eliot could have been a bit more accomodating to their possible customers' needs.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lmcintyre
<Content>Loved the hotel hated the AC unit out the window I loved everything about this hotel until I opened up the curtains in the 2 room suite and saw a roof with many, many mechanical units on it. I disliked it even more when these mechanical units were running and making a lot of unwanted noise, especially while trying to sleep. If we had been in a room on the upper floors (we were on the first floor) maybe we wouldn't have noticed the noise as much.The rooms were beautiful though and as I was traveling with my 2 young children, teenager and mother, the added space was welcome. The location is great. We went to Fenway, walked to the Pru and Newbury Street and felt completely safe at all times.I would go back here but request a different suite. It is definitely worth it but without the noise. The staff was very friendly also.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wildirishmully
<Content>The Eliot Hotel, A True Boston Experience! The Eliot Hotel is by far one of the best places I have had the pleasure of staying! To begin, the hotel staff was nothing short of kind, generous, and willing to accomodate at a moment's notice. Upon arrival, we were greeted by one of the bellman, who genuinely seemed to welcome my friends and I. We were immediately checked in and shown to incredibly luxurious and comfortable two room suites. I was told that these were one of the hotel's newly renovated rooms. What an absolutely stunning suite!!! I love the French Toile in the rooms! I felt as though I had walked into an apartment rather than a hotel room. The suites were so warm and inviting and nothing like most of the hotel rooms that I have stayed in. My girlfriends and I ventured down to Uni and Clio and had a difficult time trying to decide which part of the restaurant we should eat in! Eventually we decided on Uni and we were not disappointed! The ambience, food, and staff at Uni were undoubtely an experience that will be remembered! All in all, my experience with The Eliot Hotel was incredible! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who truly wants to enjoy all that the City of Boston has to offer!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cynthisize
<Content>Totally Disappointing I planned a special trip to Boston to celebrate my sister's birthday and chose the Eliot Hotel. This luxury hotel was totally disappointing. We specifically requested a renovated suite - and indeed the main portion of the room appeared recently painted and decorated. However, the bathroom was completely unacceptable - including a grossly mildewed shower, stained floor tiles, dirty floor, and a leaking industrial commode. As soon as we inspected the room, we requested another, only to be shown another room in the identical condition. Additional items of concern were mentioned in other reviews here - the bathroom door did not open 90 degrees, poor lighting, and customer service was non-existant,(we had to load the doorman's cart with our luggage and wheel it to the elevator and down the hall to the room ourselves!). We couldn't wait to get out of this dismal hotel! After spending one night, we checked out and found a wonderful room at the Westin Copley Plaza. Although not a boutique hotel experience, the Westin was lovely - and they have exceptional customer service!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Lovely Disappointment I do hope that someone reads this so far down on the mixed review list. I was in four suites in three days. Never accept the 01 line of rooms, small and near the AC compressor (eg. 201, 301). Insist on seeing your room first although you will be told they are full and cannot change.The in room air/heating system is loud in front and rear-facing rooms. The rear facing rooms,especially on the lower floors overlook the noisy compressor. The staff was excellent. The Saturday night revelers were not. The rooms were clean but could use a 4cup coffee maker in the wet bar area.Put the staff in a better situation. They are the shining stars.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhodepop
<Content>A nice stay with a few minor issues Had a Saturday night stay and came away favorably impressed with the Eliot.The Pros-spacious room-nice bathroom-courteous staff-nice location (walking distance to Newberry St.)-Clio restaurant in the building (excellent food and wine)The Cons-tough to catch a cab on a Saturday evening after a Red Sox game-breakfast room service was forgettable. Skip the room service and head downstairs to Clio-valet parking took FOREVER to retrieve car. If you need to get someplace leave plenty of timeWe would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bumblebee
<Content>Not what you would expect of a luxury hotel We stayed here for our tenth anniversary. Luckily our trip to Boston did not hinge on the satisfaction of our hotel as we spent very little time there. However, having stayed in many luxury hotels in the world, I would say that this one did not qualify. For one thing, the sheets were substandard. At this price I expect smooth white sheets - high thread count and all, including that I shouldn't even have to mention, fitted bottom sheets. At this hotel, the sheets were the kind that feel kind of textured - yuck. I even asked to see another room to compare, in case ours was atypical. It was typical. And, they do not have fitted sheets. So, the bottom sheet crumples up on you and it equates to a less than comfortable nights sleep. The beds were too low. No pillow top here. We were in a re-decorated room. Oops, the designer didn't take function into consideration when the fancy valance box drape over the bed completely cut out the reading light. The bathroom had a leaky toilet and a cheap thin plastic toilet seat and the door did not open 90 degrees and hit the nightstand. There were no deep drawers in the bedroom. Only thin narrow ones big enough for underwear or sox. Three sets of those but no deep drawers. There was a red substance (blood?) on the wall that I had to ask to be cleaned off, during the first hour when I complained about a stain on the sheets and asked that the entire bed, including mattress pad be remade. During that same visit by the housekeeping staff I asked that they dust all surfaces as every glass surface was thick with dust, to which a rediculous excuse was made. I was disgusted that when we returned from our day, they did not do this and I had to ask again at the front desk. The staff was NOT apologetic but made excuses instead. Later that night, we ordered a drink from room service which never arrived and we had to call asking about it, were put on hold, gave up, and had to call again! We were given the excuse that they were very busy that night. Infuriated, we cancelled the drink. All in all, I would never stay at this hotel again. The price is way too high for the condition of the room and the lack of service.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Real Gem I took my son to Fenway for his birthday and we stayed as a treat at The Eliot and had dinner the after the game at Uni, the sashimi bar off the lobby of the hotel where my son spotted Jim Brady. Boy, was my kid excited: the brand new, suites were unbelievably beautiful, with luxury amenities and very kind service. We were all very impressed with our stay and can't wait to do the same next year. It mad our Boston experience very special.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you want to feel pampered....try this Over the years, I have stayed at the Eliot Suites Hotel many times for medical conferences in Boston. It cannot be beat for attention to detail. its personal touches, the large and elegant newly-decorated suites, the courtesy and professionalism of staff, the cleanliness and comfort of the beds, and its two five star restaurants, Clio (a formal california-continental restaurant) and Uno (a more casual Japanese bar). Gym facilities are available for guests. Another important feature for me is its proximity to major conference meeting halls in downtown Boston, and shopping on Newberry Street, all within pleasant walking distance. Additional upgrades greet the traveller with every visit.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LAPlatinum
<Content>Quiet Elegance The Eliot is a beautifully-appointed boutique hotel within about a five minute walk from the convention center, incredible restaurants of every description, and astonishing shopping. I stayed for three nights in late July and loved the place. First, let me say that if you are looking for a cheap place, this is not it. Bargain hunters look elsewhere. A hotel of this caliber is not meant to resemble in any way a Holiday Inn. On the other hand, if you don't mind spending some coin, then you will get every penny you pay for. Second, if you are looking for a view hotel, then look by the Charles. This gorgeous property is situated on a tree-lined street and is not intended to give you panoramic vistas. My room was upgraded from the standard room at no extra charge to a massive suite with a separate wet bar area, a gorgeous sitting room, and a huge bedroom with king sized bed. The room looked out on airconditioning vents and backstreet parking, but again, I was not there for the view. Everything was gorgeous, from the furniture to the robes in the closet. I had breakfast one morning at the cafe and must say that it was Denny's quality food set in a gorgeous dining room. Perhaps it was just my particular order, but even the buffet was not impressive-looking. That was my only complaint about the Eliot.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dkmr
<Content>Service has declined in the past several years We stayed at the Eliot for two nights at the end of July and were disappointed. We had stayed in the Eliot several times in 1998 and 1999 and loved it. But, the service has definitely declined since then. A short list of problems: We were there during a heat wave and the air conditioning in the room could barely keep up - the room stayed in the high seventies and never could get cooler. The minibar refrigerator did not work, and even mentioning it twice to the staff provided no solution. Room service delivered a meal with no cutlery and then rushed us to finish so they could pick up the tray. We did get a reasonably good deal - $265 per night for a suite, but at that price the service quality needs to improve.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I am sure you could find better I did not like this place at all - if you like the old style - flowery and old then go ahead. I thought the rooms were old and needed updating - there were dead bugs in my window the bathrooms were old and very basic and small. the service was OK but I just think it needs a lot of work - I had a suite and it was aged. The internet didn't work and you had to pay. I would not stay again. they do have updated rooms but they are exactly the same but with newer furnishings.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely atmosphere, but curtains did not close. We have stayed at the Elliot a number of times over the last 15 years. We began staying there when the children were small, because the two-room suite arrangement is perfect for a family with children. We have always loved the atmosphere of the Elliot. Recently they began redecorating rooms and the curtains in the redecorated rooms do not meet in the middle, allowing too much morning light. We found we were awakened at dawn by the light, and had no way of closing the curtains, or blocking the light. We looked at several rooms and found this was true of all the redecorated rooms that we saw. The management moved us to one of the rooms that had not been redecorated and that solved the problem.If they park your car, re-gaining the car can be slow and confused. One must simply double check, and recheck, that they know, well ahead, when the car is wanted.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were so disappointed We had high expectations based on a recommendation. But lack of service, condescending service (at their Clio restaurant) and inability of staff to correct any problems made this stay regrettable. The waiter was insulting. It took more than an hour to get our car. After realizing our suite was too small for us, we upgraded and moved to a larger room. After unpacking in our new room, we were called by the staff who informed us that the new rate would be higher than what they had told us. There was no turndown service (glasses and dishes were not cleared between cocktails and bedtime.) Just getting ice required a phone call to the front desk and took far too long to arrive. It was noisy even though we were on the 7th floor. Stay away.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lcinla
<Content>Great Deal Stayed at The Eliot for one night on March 18th with my mother and my 14 year old son. We were very pleased with the hotel and our suite in particular. The Eliot has a deal where you can find a great rate through Orbitz or other such companies and they will match the lowest rate you get. We got a true one-bedroom suite with two queen beds and a large sitting room that had a queen-size sleeper sofa. Ideal for a family traveling with children. THe room was beautifully appointed, the bathrobes and towels were fluffy, the water pressure we excellent and the water was hot (my biggest beef about most hotels!). Room service was fast even late on a Friday and I highly recommend the lobster/clam chowder -- it was to die for! The staff were all very accommodating and nice and they have an arrangement with a limo/town car service that beats any rates I was able to find. The hotel is located right around the corner from a great shopping district (think Melrose Ave) and steps from the T and bus stops. Stay here! You can't beat the value.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jwg41859
<Content>An absoulte delight Have stayed on a number of occasions, many times during the Marathon, which goes by the front door and along side the hotel. That can cause inconvience if you are there at that time for traffic. The marthon ends about a 10 minute walk away. THe staff is warm and welcoming and very helpful. All rooms are suites and are perfect..The restraunt Clio is among the top 3 in Boston.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MelissaMac
<Content>Fantastic even during a blizzard! My husband and I just returned from a really nice weekend at the Eliot in Boston - during the Blizzard of 2005. The hotel is fairly small and has a restaurant and bar on the main level. We had a one bedroom suite on the 4th floor (#403) which was probably one of their smaller suites, but it was perfect for 2 people. The room was tastefully decorated, with king bed, a couch and 2 chairs in the living room, and a desk with high speed internet acess (which we didn't use). The bathroom was definitely small and a bit old but I could care less about bathroom size as long as the shower is good which it was. We were told that guests can use the Boston Sports Club facilities about 1 block away for free but we did not use them.The location is perfect - 1 block from Newbury St. with all of the shops and restaurants you can imagine. (Try Piatinni for dinner - it's a great wine bar.)From the time we checked in until the time we checked out (24 hours later than originally planned) the staff at the front desk, bell hop, housekeeping and room service were AMAZING. Everyone was extremely nice and very helpful. We were there under somewhat stressful conditions due to one of the largest snowfalls Boston has seen in recent years (24+ of snow). The hotel had valet parking which was a necessity during the snow emergency. It takes 30 minutes to retrieve your car but we were told that upon arriving so we were careful to plan ahead and call the front desk when we knew we were going to need our car. Even though the garage was closed until 7 a.m. and we needed our car at 5 a.m. to catch our flight on Monday morning (at least we thought we did) , the front desk clerk gladly parked our car in an adjacent lot for us so we could get it out. We even had them retrieve our car VERY early on Monday morning, only to realize that our flight was canceled. They returned our car to the garage without even grumbling (at least to our faces!). After waking up to the blizzard on Sunday morning, we quickly realized that flying back to DC was going to be a challenge. We called the front desk in the morning and they said not to worry about checking out at the usual time and that we should just let them know what our plans are. Since we had a great deal of $175 per night for the weekend, we figured we would get gouged on the on the Sunday night price. Not to worry though - they offered us the same rate as the weekend for Sunday night even though it was last minute. We gladly took them up on it. Room service was very quick and good (get the Boston Cream Pie). No complaints there.People who complained that it is not the Ritz or Paris, should go to the Ritz or Paris if that's what they are looking for. The Eliot and Boston are neither! I would highly recommend the Eliot if you are looking for a suite in a great location for a great price.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOISE! If the rooms of this hotel facing the street were any louder - I would have felt like I was camping out on the highway. Didn't sleep a wink the whole night. Missed my meeting the next morning. Ugh!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where is the money spent We chose the Eliot based on the overall favorable reviews and were hoping it would have been comparable to The Ritz based on the cost. We initially reserved a renovated two room suite on the upper floor for three nights, the purpose being to tour the city and colleges with our daughter and young son. While on the phone with the reservations desk we were told that a comp. continental breakfast would be included since the renovated suite is a full $100.00 extra. They lied. Nothing here is includedAlso, the hotel does have a musty smell. Even the renovated areas were not well done, small baths, broken threshold, poor workmanship, a previous guests sock left in the room. Internet is an extra 15.99 per day. The front desk has a casual attitude. The restaurant and sushi bar are average.I do not feel this is a child-friendly place by any means. Trying to get a beverage or a snack on-site is quite near impossible.Overall we felt we were being taken. The management needs a course in customer relations, service, and budgeting in the proper places. We checked out the morning of the second day, went to the Ritz for the same price, and were much happier. And yes, I am a professional in the Hotel Industry.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1925 Elegance, Opulence  The Eliot Hotel was the crown jewel in our recent stay in Boston ~ build around 1925, it has the back-in-time feel while maintaining the utmost on professionalism, courtesy, and genuine smiles from it's wonderful staff. The first nice surpirse were the chocolate chocolate-chip cookies in our room when we arrived, and the entire place was impeccably neat  clean. I would highly recommend this for the value, location, and especially for the romantic feel of the hotel! Simply superb!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Overall A little overpriced but very comfortable, the bed is massive and just perfect for a nice night's sleep. I can't attest to the quality of the regular guest rooms but the suites are decent sized although the bathroom could be a little bigger. Things were generally clean, staff was helpful. Food at hotel retaurant is predictably overpriced but pretty good, Domino's Pizza also delivers to rooms. Location is perfect. Overall, a pretty good experience, if you have a flexible budget...it's a good option.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tem3
<Content>there are far better for less I stayed in 2 different suites here recently (because I asked to be moved after the first night). Both were worn, with bathroom doors that would not close properly because of old paint build up and warping. In one, the sink was falling away from the wall and in the other there was black mold in the tub. The former bar, which was a favorite with red sox players, is now an underutilized sushi bar. The location is excellent and the property has great potential. However, the current owner/management need to spend some money to upgrade in keeping with the gentrifed back bay. P.S. don't accept any room near the elevators since the shafts are not sound proofed.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ReviewerfromMO
<Content>Horrible Experience and Rude Staff I stayed at this hotel, due to good reviews I had read. However, my experience was horrible. The room was musty and dirty, including bloodstains on the carpet. Some members of the staff were rude. You know it is bad, when you ask for something and the front desk tells you that they will have to find an employee of theirs that is not rude. Not the kind of customer service I want to pay for.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great suites at reasonable prices On a family trip to New England we decided to stay in Boston for two nights. We were planning on staying at the Ritz Carlton but some local friends suggested the Eliot since we were travelling with our three children. The Eliot was a pleasant surprise. The renovated suites on the seventh floor were quite elegant and spacious. We had several rooms/suites and the hotel was very accomodating in giving us rooms that connected and were right next to each other. I had read reviews that in some cases complained about the noise but we did not find that to be a problem at all even though we were on the Commonwealth/Mass Ave side. I thought the view was much more attractive than the rooms in the back without any view at all. The new rooms are much nicer than the ones that have not been redone but even the older rooms are nice enough and are a good choice for families as well ( they are also a bit less expensive).I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Boston with or without children. It is conveniently located near Newbury Street ( the main shopping drag) and very close to the main sites as well. The area is less frenetic than the hotels on the Public Garden (like the Ritz) and feel more like staying in a European style hotel/street.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beecat
<Content>Nice, but Not Paris We stayed at the Eliot for 2 nights in mid March. While it is an exceeptional deal and in an excellent location, in spite of the recommendations of others, we founf it to clearly not be analagous either to the Riz or to a small Parisian boutigue hotel. Our suite was comfortable and well worht the price but the carpet was a bit stained and worn, and the lobby could have used a bit of brightening--it has gotten just a tad shabby. The rooms on Mass Ave and Commonewealth are inordinately noisey. That siad, for the price it is still a lovely place and very enoyable..parking is $29. a night, so expect a few add-ons. You can't beat the location and the staff is nice--but it is not a mini-version of the Ritz...note even close.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad we stayed at the Eliot After reading many reviews on this site, I finally decided on the Eliot for our March 2004 Looking for Colleges trip. We couldn't have been happier. They state on their website that they will match all internet offerings and sure enough I did find a lower rate which they immediately booked for us. When we arrived they were out of the standard rooms so we were upgraded to a very nice top floor suite. We asked for a recommendation for dinner on Newbury Street for Saturday night and they quickly got us a reservation at a great Italian Restaurant (Papa Razzi). Breakfast scones were wonderful and the coffee was good and strong. All in all it was just the kind of small boutique hotel experience I was looking for.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>noaxe2grind
<Content>Great and Comfortable We had two nights at this hotel in March, 2004. This is a boutique hotel with large comfortable rooms. The desk staff was helpful and nice. The doorman and bellhops were very helpful and pleasant and enhanced our stay.This hotel is in a wonderful location, a block from a T stop, only a hop and skip to Cambridge, in a lovely neighborhood. It is the former home of a president of Harvard, lovely entrance. It was like staying in a gracious host's guest rooms.The only negative is that we had two adjoining rooms on the 4th floor facing on Massacusetts Avenue which can be noisy late into the night. We were so tired the second night, we got used to it, but light sleepers beware.I would not hesitate to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mundoreiser
<Content>Excellent for dog owners and non-dog owners alike!   showReview(1564073, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful comfortable and private and personal   showReview(1377908, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel   showReview(1347117, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good size rooms, central location   showReview(1259020, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above average for special price deal   showReview(1236024, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theatremom
<Content>Wonderful experience   showReview(1134013, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid at all cost   showReview(1129415, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unforgettable   showReview(846965, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eliot is great   showReview(834293, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SoupRQT
<Content>Great Hotel!   showReview(703801, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas emball茅e   showReview(16592045, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spitzenlage, super zum Shoppen in der Newbury Street   showReview(16592046, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

