<Author>canucks0707
<Content>June-July 2008 review I was there back in summer time. A nice location near Union Square and downtown. The room was so-so with 2 beds and one small bathroom. Hallway looks creepy at night with portrait photos looking at you in a mean way....scary. Can't complain...a good hotel to stay at but may recommend to look for another hotel in SF.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Prodaroda
<Content>So So Location is pretty good, close to Powell and market St. We asked for a Queen Bedroom, but instead got a twin double, but we're not too fussy. The bathroom was tiny and old, but clean. TV reception was fuzzy, but it didn't mattered much on our trip as we spent our time sight seeing. Room was stuffy, and the ceiling fan didn't do much in terms of cooling the place.The walls were paper thin. We spent a friday night there, and obviously a bunch of kids booked a room next door and used it as a base to their night out. Woke me up at 3am just with their conversations.All in all, it was pretty much what we were expecting for the price.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Neil_Scutt
<Content>Convenient hotel, but small room Stayed for 2 nights while visiting San Francisco during a tour of South California. Because we had a car it was convenient to use the public car park opposite for which we paid a special price because we stayed at the King George. The hotel was seconds, literally, from Union Square which was handy when we carried all my wife's shopping back to the hotel.On the first morning we went to Alcatraz and the hotel organised a cab which was there on time, although the worst journey I have ever taken. We didn't see the bridge from a distance due to the mist, but went on the bus to the end and walked over. One thing to watch out for, after visiting Alcatraz we walked along the main road at the front and made the mistake of entering a shop to buy a video cassette. The guy in the shop spent 25 mins with the camera that I had made the mistake of letting him hold showing us the benefits of a lense that ended up costing a fortune. Didn't buy it, but couldnt get back the 25 mins either. Be wary.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mazi235
<Content>Comfortable Stay I always have a hard time sleeping in hotel beds because of discomfort. This hotel was the exception. The beds were comfortable, the rooms were clean and pleasant. The rooms are a little small, but there is so much to do within walking distance that you wouldn't want to stay indoors too long. I would stay here again without a doubt.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pal1
<Content>Quaint, clean, great customer service, great location! I was hesitant to book a stay at the King George due to some of the previous reviewers' comments regarding the small rooms and the thin walls... However, the hotel was much better than I expected, and I would stay there again!It is true that the rooms are very small - however, the space is used very efficiently, and I never felt cramped. In fact, the closet and safe were much more spacious than those provided in larger hotels.It is also true that the walls are very thin - but this was a minor inconvenience, and a non-issue with good ear plugs :)The hotel was suprisingly clean, the bed was very comfortable, and the shower was great (good water pressure, plenty of hot water, etc.). There are two fitness centers within a couple of blocks, and the hotel can provide special pricing for a day pass. They offer a continental breakfast for a fee, but there are also several diners in the area (one right next door) that serve breakfast. There are also several convenience stores nearby.The customer service was wonderful - top notch. The staff was very friendly, attentive, and helpful. This alone would bring me back to the King George.The location was fantastic - very close to Union Square, shopping, and the cable car line - and easy walking distance to Chinatown and other downtown attractions.There are dozens of other hotels in the area, and the more expensive choices are probably more luxurious with better amenities - but the price, cleanliness, and warmth of the King George make it a worthy choice.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>NL-worldwide
<Content>Things stolen from room We stayed 3 nights in the hotel. Great location and nice clean (small) rooms. Good bed and friendly staff.Whilst packing our bags on the last day we found out that all our luggage was searched during our stay. It was done very conscious and careful that's why we discovered it that late.Result: Laptop stolen (with 2 weeks of holiday pictures; it didn't fit in the safe) and several chargers. Strange thing; they toke the charger of my wife her lady-shave, but left the lady-shave it self in the room.We suspect the housekeeping, but can't proof anything.Unfortunately it took the hotel about 1 month to respond and as far as we are aware, they didn't do anything with our suspicion. The only access to the room was via a key card.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>ACanadianAbroad
<Content>King George - A Prince of Hotels I was a bit leary due to some of the mixed reviews for the King George. My stay could not have been pleasanter. I arrived early and my room was ready and waiting. The room was small but clean, recently redecorated and the bed was great. The bathroom was a bit shabby but the towels were fluffy, and there was tons of hot water and good pressure (I was on the top floor).The area is noisy but it is right downtown. The theatre district and Union Sqare are right there. Plus it is a five minute walk from the BART station so I saved tons of money coming in from the airport.I did the continental breakfast most mornings. I found it provided okay variety for the price. There was a choice of breads, cereals, yogurts, boiled eggs, fruit, orange juice, coffee, jams and cream cheese. My only complaint was that the fruit was a bit boring - just apples and bananas. But I could eat what I wanted and they were healthy choices. I had eggs, hash browns, toast, coffee and and OJ one morning at a local deli and my bill was $13.65. The staff was pleasant and helpful from check in to when I left. The restaurant staff is friendly and there is a concierge who was a good resource.Overall, I highly recommend it  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>andbotten
<Content>We will be back! My husband and I spent 2 nights at the King George while vacationing in San Francisco and the area. We wanted to stay in the Union Square area without paying too much. We were very happy with the King George and plan on returning! The hotel had lots of charm and the location was perfect! A very short walk to union square, lots of restaurants, and a couple blocks from cable cars and public transportation to get you anywhere you want to go in the city.The staff was very friendly and helpful. They went out of their way more than once to make our stay more enjoyable. Although I have read many reviews about the hotel being too tiny and noisy, we didn't have this problem at all. Yes, the rooms are small, but it is an old hotel and it's not like you are going to spend too much time in your room anyway. We thought the hotel was very quiet as well. I would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Cityguy50
<Content>Nice, comfortable room, no frills. Nice, comfortable room, I booked it the day before and after fees and charges it was almost $200 but the location and general amenities made it almost worth that. It can be had for in the $130 range and that would be about right. When I stay in the City (which is frequently) I'm really only there to lay my head after a day of fun, and the King George is fine for this purpose. The room was small but more than enough room for a single...bathroom was clean and everything worked, and a small closet held an iron, hangers and a coffee maker. Well worth the price for the prime location.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>happytotravalcouple
<Content>Nice Place, but noisy This is a nice hotel, if the decor is a little dated, but the dated nature of the place is the real problem. Our room faced the back and it was very noisy when we opened the window to let cool air in. Nighttime was the real problem as we could not sleep with the window open as there was some mechanical unit thumping outside, and when we closed the window and had the fan running, it too thumped loudly. Not only that, the design of the place has the next door bathroom right next to our head while we were sleeping, and because the walls are not insulated for noise we heard the neighbours, and those above us, everytime they flushed the toilet. The old style doors also let in an inordinate amout of light and are not made for keeping out noise from the hallway. As for size it was a nice size and the bed was reasonably comfortable and the coffee and tea service is a nice touch. The staff are friendly and helpful, but ask the concierge for directions not the front desk people. It is a clean place, and a good place to rest, if not get a great night's sleep.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>faura
<Content>Smallest room yet in Union Square I wonder if hotels give you their less desirable rooms if you book through hotels.com (Expedia)?The hotel was quite basic. Although I'd reserved only 1 room through hotels.com, at check-in, they had reservations for 3 rooms for me. Since hotels.com had charged me for only one room, I didn't worry about it. The reception staff were courteous.The location is ok, close to BART, MUNI and a fairly easy drive to the highways.The room was not so great - very small. Also, it had the smallest bathroom I've been in yet in Union Square hotels. But the biggest inconvenience was that there were no easily accessible power outlets. I had to move the bed to access one for my laptop. But I did appreciate the wireless internet, included in the rate, even though it was slow (no watching streaming movies). The bed was quite comfortable. Room service is from Lori's Diner right next door.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>DublinFrancis
<Content>King George Hotel, San Fran Stayed for four nights. Room a bit small and could do with upgrade but otherwise fine. Great location, only 2 mins walking distance to Union Sq and around corner from great pub, Foley's. Breakfast in hotel was expensive compared to nearby restaurants where you could get big brekfast for $10. Hotel were charging $7 + tax for continental . Free coffee available in the morning in Hotel.Location of hotel very handy for rental car depot on O'Farrell St - just across the road. Nice area but a lot of people hanging around begging and really 'in your face' stuff.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cinibun2
<Content>good location, but you get what you pay for....read on My husband and I booked this trip through a discount website, but only after searching and reviewing post on tripadvisor on where to stay as in what area. we finally settled on this place even with the forwarning from others that it had some problems.. we checked in was quick and easy, we took note of the extremely small check in area and lack of almost any brochures for tours or sightseeing,. then on to problem number 1. the extremely tiny and i mean only enough room for 4 people elevator. I had even took the time to send a email to the general manager ahead of time to say, I have clostrophobia quiet badly and please do not put me in a tiny room, I said if need be i will change hotels just let me know.. .i was assured it would all be worked out.. I really had to use the stairs some due to this, and the stairs are spiral all the way down. I agree with one or more of the other posters, the room was clean, very very old, with few power outlets and our coffee maker was in the closet!! no ice machine on each floor only one and it was you guessed it lobby.. the bed was clean, but the bathroom gives new meaning to closet size, yes yes, i know well you are nt gonna be in there much on your trip.. well guess again, it does make a diffrence, we were lucky we were in a back room without a decent view, but a little further from the road noise which was nice, there is no a/c but there was a fan, and the window did open all the way to let in a nice breeze. I made the best of the situation, you could see into the room from the hallway,. that is how big the cracks were , and my husband and i listened helplessly to another frisky couple have over an hour of fun, in the room next to ours., there was no way to drown out the noise,,, point taken to us about how thin the walls were... and this was our anniversary trip.. I really did want to rave about this little hotel, i really did, it is in a good location, a safe location with an awesome irish bar across the street, the bar downstairs in our own hotel was only open for three or four hours and not one time in three days were we in while it was open.. so the amenities were non existent..  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>PussyCatDollJA
<Content>Great location, very pleasant staff This hotel has a fantastic location just one block from Union Square. It is slightly old fashioned in terms of decoration etc, but it is very clean and well maintained. The rooms are average size, not large, but not small either. There is no air con, but we had a window that opened, providing fresh air and also an overhead fan.Our room was non-smoking, as requested and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was very clean and actually not a bad size by any means. Shower worked well and there were sufficient amenities including fresh towels on a daily basis. The decor of the hotel is slightly reminiscent of a 70's hotel but nevertheless, served a purpose. There is no room service and the hotel bar serves only wine and beer. Happy hour is between 1700-1900, I believe. The staff here is excellent. So friendly, helpful and pleasant. The concierge went the extra mile for us and so did the front desk staff. They also offer a chaffeur service to SFO airport at a slightly cheaper rate.I would stay here again. Any questions, please do not hesitate to drop me a message.PS- The diner next door is fantastic, great staff and great food. Please visit , you won't be disappointed.PPS- I've rated this a 3 star based purely on amenities as per standard, not on quality. Quality would score the hotel 4, easily!Thanks  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>puablo
<Content>Do you like staying in a cardboard box? I really want to like the King George, really I do. The price was good, the location was absolutely perfect (one block from Union Sq. and the Powell St. Cable Car route), and the room and bathroom were very clean. The bed was even nicer than your average cheap hotel. And the staff were friendly. However everything else was awful.First of all, they put is in a miserably smelly smoking room when we asked for non-smoking. They couldn't move us after we complained because it was the last room in the hotel. Well, if they held the room for our reservation, why didn't they hold the right one? They did move us the next day but with no compensation - I could say that was a minor problem but it was a really unpleasant experience. What it did give me however was a perspective on two totally different rooms. Both rooms were TINY, I'm talking cruise ship tiny. And I can tolerate that, especially for that price in a major city, but my wife was displeased. Just be aware. Secondly, the bathrooms, while clean, are very small and have no counter space, just a small glass shelf that holds very little. Our second bathroom was much bigger than the first but the shelf space was the same. On that order, and much more unpleasantly, the water temperature in both showers was wildly uneven. It went from freezing to boiling and back again, and it made taking showers take twice as long because you had to hide in a corner waiting for the temperature to regulate. Again, it *sounds* minor but was a huge problem after 4 nights.But even if I gave all that a pass, the single worst thing about this hotel, why I gave it two stars, and why I won't recommend it to anybody, is that the doors, floors, ceilings, and walls are thinner than balsa wood. You can hear everything once you try to go to bed. TV across the hall? Check. Couple next door having a romantic evening? Check. Screaming baby one floor above you? Check. Cable Car bells 9 floors down and 1 block away? Check. It was horrible. The building has no A/C so you can't blast the fan to drown out the noise, it's just you and all the other visitors who tried to save a buck at the cheapo King George. I normally never complain much, I can't think of the last time I submitted a negative review about something, but this was something I had to share. Buyer beware!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>summergirl23
<Content>Great little Gem! Loved this hotel! Cute little boutique hotel close to Union Square. It has a comfy bed and the rooms are very clean. We loved all the character of the hotel and the fact that it was only a couple of blocks to Muni and Bart. Nice lounge, nice clean bathrooms, very nice staff. Skip the diner next door for breakfast, there's a better place called David's just around the corner. We'll be staying here again!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Linimaus
<Content>Great Stay My friend and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights at the end of our road trip.It was an easy find and we did not have problems at all to go there by car.The hotel ist just around the Union square within walking distance to shops, restaurants etc.Very friendly and helpful staff. Room was nice and clean.My next time in San Francisco I will definetely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JPL93
<Content>Nice hotel, great location, good rates First trip to San Francisco  no idea where to stay.Finally went with the King George mainly on price and location.Got a great deal on the net through Hotels.com with a 3 for 2 offer however when checking in was informed only had a room for 2 instead of requested room for 3 - Dad, Mum  16 year old son.However receptionist quickly saved the day  sorted us with an upgrade to a bigger room with 2 doubles, albeit had to pay a small surcharge.Rooms are definitely small - but adequate and very comfortable. Bathroom could be a squeeze but when are 3 people in it together? The shower was powerful and warm and the towels soft and changed daily. Overall had everything we needed.We stayed 3 nights and San Francisco is a wonderful city.Didn't really use the concierge but he appeared to be very helpful to other guests.Only tried the buffet breakfast the final day and it was really good especially for the price ($8).Drew the Barman has been mentioned in earlier reviews and he is worth a mention as good fun and a great personality with all guests.Overall then, a nice hotel and a comfortable stay. It is a great location close to Union Square. I would recommend it especially at the rates charged.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Lotuscat
<Content>Great stay for a good price This hotel was a great find. We were booked into a hostel which we did not like at all, so our first day in San Francisco had us circling the Union Square area, looking for a hotel which had space and was affordable. Wouldn't you know, it was the last place we looked, the hotel only 2 doors down from the hostel.The staff was incredibly cheery, welcoming and gracious. The front desk agent gave us a bargain, not charging for the 3rd person or the rollaway. The king bed was clean and comfortable. There was a spacious closet, perfect for 3 girls' luggage, a pristine white bathroom, blackout curtains (always appreciated for a sleep-in) and a large window to let the sun and fresh air in. Cable TV and free wireless internet were an added bonus. There was also a charming little lounge on the main floor. We didn't actually use it, but they served continental breakfast, afternoon tea for groups on the weekend, and I think drinks in the evening. I've stayed in lots of hotels, and while this wasn't quite the Hilton, it was better than most, and totally satisfying.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>AussieMichelle
<Content>Had a fantastic stay I was REALLY nervous about finding a place to stay. I read a lot of the reviews here and being my first time in San Franciso, travelling on my own, I wanted to stay some place safe but I also had a budget. I got a very good deal on the cost of the room which frightened me even more - let's just say I had kept my expectations low in preparation for what I was going to arrive to. Boy was I very suprised.Reception staff were very friendly and efficient. Yes the rooms are very tiny but they are very clean, nice decor and have everything that you could possibly need, including free internet. I was very comfortable. I had a room on a corner that must have looked over the ally way but the window was frosted anyway. I was on level 2 and had no problems at all with noise. The bed was very comfortable. There is not much closet space but I only stayed 2 nights so had no issues at all with it. The bathroom has toiletries such as shampoos, moisturiser etc. There are coffee facilities in the room as well.The location was fantastic. A block from Union Square park and right in the heart of the shopping district. Btw, if you like Mexican, there is a great take away place around the block from the hotel.The only downside I found is that the elevator is rather slow but there are stairs if you dont wish to wait.The concierge was very helpful when I was asking for assistance travelling on to my next destination, he printed timetables out for me and sorted me into a taxi. The hotel minded my luggage for the day until I left in the afternoon.I have to say, I really enjoyed my stay here and would highly recommend it for a single or couple travelling - actually have already recommended it to people I met during my sightseeing. If I am ever going to be back in San Fran, I will definately be staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maxshar
<Content>Great Hidden Gem The hotel was small, but quaint and cozy. A great deal for the price in a great convenient location. Hotel staff couldn't have been nicer. When my airport shuttle didn't show up they called me a taxi and paid for it. Fun , friendly bar and bartender (Drew) made for an excellent way to end the day.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>michelle604
<Content>Great Hotel We wanted to find a hotel that was resonable as we were going to be in the city for 5 nights. After reviewing numerous reviews on trip advisor on the hotels, we went with King George. The hotel was great with friendly staff to greet you. Don't expect too much on the room as it was a small room but ideal for two people/couple. So don't go expecting a big room! Besides the room being very comfortable, I would say the street noises at night need time to get use to. The first couple of nights, all you can hear is the garbage can, people talking and sirens. So if you are not use to living in a downtown area with a lot of noise, you may not like it as much. We didn't mind it but it would have been nice to have the reduced level of noise coming through. Overall the hotel was really good, great location in the Union Square area and few restaurants to go to (Sears for breakfast is a must). The only downfall is probably the parking, when we had the car and ask one of the front desk on how much the parking was, I was told $20 and to park across the street. I thought, that is a pretty good deal and you can go in and out. But the next morning when we checked out, we were told we owed $28. Basically, the staff in the evening gave us the wrong rate and gave us wrong directions on how the in and out worked for the parking. I would say that probably was a bit of a turn off at the end but we enjoyed our stay at the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>minstrals
<Content>Disappointing compared with last years stay I stayed here last year and had a great stay and susequently left an excellent rating. However, my stay in the king george this year was a big disappointment.... the room was smaller which in itself would not be an issue but housekeeping was terrible..... our room was only half serviced each day... towels were rarely changed over the 5 night stay, coffee was never topped up in the room and the musty smell in the room was very annoying. The radiators made a loud rattle or humming sounds which we were told was because the heating is on an old steam system... We didn't experience this problem in the rooms we stayed in the year before. In addition to this there must have been a leak from the radiator as the carpet alongside the radiator was saturated and, i can only assume, most likely responsible for the musty smell in the room.The were a few things about the hotel that helped keep up the rating..... 1) Its location2) The staff (FrontDesk and especially Drew in the Bar)The hotel, as I stated in my previous review of the hotel, is excellent.... only a block from BART, shopping and other activities.The staff in the hotel were, at all time, friendly and polite. However our best experience was in the hotel Bar at night. We spent a lot of time this year in the hotel bar and were entertained each night by drew the barman. We met drew during our previous stay at the hotel in 2007 and at that time were impressed at his ability to relate to each person in the bar. Again this year he remembered us and couldn't have been anymore helpful and friendly.Another great thing about the frontdesk staff was the facility in place to advise and arrange our daytime tours and taxi's to the airport. It is these staff in the hotel that made our experience more comfortable considering the unexpected drop in standard of the rooms compared to our previous stay there.Another improvement in the hotels offering was the change to the breakfast menu..... a self service buffet replaced the original overpriced menu. The variety on offer had increased making it more suited to our needs.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	5	1	5	

<Author>bluedenim
<Content>was OK We have been to SFO many times and King George has always been on my list to check out. The hotel is in a good area, close to everything. It has a very european feel.We arrived in the morning and were able to get an early check in which was nice.The room was small but that is ok as we are use to smaller rooms in SFO and Europe.The main thing is that the room was clean and functional.The one thing is that we only had a ceiing fan no air conditioning and it is advertised as an Air con room but this weekend was cool and windy so air was not required anyway.We had no major problems with this hotel. There is not alot I can say about it. It was ok, not great, but not bad.We got a decent rate on the room, less than the regular rooms rates on the web site. Would I want to pay more per night...NO...as it is not worth itwould I stay again, probably not....unless the rate was so good that I could not turn down.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mcdonaldl
<Content>The comfiest bed in the world!       King George Hotel  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JMNia
<Content>COURTESY DOESN'T COST A PENNY I knew this was a budget hotel when I decided to stay here. $165 a night in San Francisco is a bargain. So I'm okay with a small room, no room service, and few amenities. What I'm not okay with is employees with nasty attitudes, confusion about check in (I was told a room was ready, went up to it with considerable luggage, only to find the housekeeper still cleaning the room, with sheets still on the floor), a failure to apologize for honest mistakes, and a lost package that no one takes responsibilty for. When I complained about the service, I was told that if I didn't like it I should look at another hotel. I will not spend another night here, that's for sure. A package left on Thursday at 4 p.m. has not been found by Friday at 9 a.m. and only after I suggested a remedy (call the person who accepted the package, whose name I have) did someone begin to start working on it. There is a big difference between a bargain and contempt for customers. Run, do not walk, away from this opportunity to experience poor service.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>pigglepie
<Content>Meh... Well. I dunno what to say. I don't usually stay in boutique hotels, so this may be a little biased. Stayed here with a friend for a conference in mid May for about 4 nights, since all of the major chain hotels were booked solid, and this was the closest we could be to the Moscone without breaking the bank... We had a room with 2 twin beds. Room was tiny, with a tiny closet. The room had kind of this...lived in smell...like perhaps the comforters hadn't been washed for awhile, or the room was not well ventilated. Carpet was a little old. Bathroom was TINY -- kept bumping my knee against the tub everytime I went into, or out of the bathroom, but it was very clean. Lighting was rather poor, so as gals, make-up application was difficult if it wasn't in the bathroom.... On the upside, the staff was WONDERFUL! Very accommodating. Fresh apples for a snack everyday in the lobby. Although they do not have an onsite gym, they have a contract with a gym about two blocks north on Mason. Lobby was cute and I loved the spiral staircase. Only kind of sketchy thing was that at night, since the hotel is almost next door to a hostel, there were some interesting, loitering characters outside the hotel -- none of whom bothered any of the hotel guests. Hmm... so overall? Probably not bad for a boutique hotel. Migtht stay here again if I were in a bind, but not really my cup of tea.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>TorontoTb3
<Content>Very Disappointed My travel agent booked into the King George on April 30th. We then received an email that the King George was canceling my reservation due to a 'software error'. I already had a confirmation. I called the hotel and was assured that I had a reservation. My travel agent called them and was told again that I had no reservation, but they were willing to offer me a free night on another stay. I am very disappointed with the lack of professionalism of the staff at this hotel. I will not be staying there, and I will be sure to tell anyone who asks that they do not honor reservations and when booking at the King George you do so at your own risk.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>misscookieDonegal
<Content>Loved This Hotel. Stayed here for one week in January, i loved it. very warm comfortable rooms and great service. It's location is excellent right next to all the shops. lovely little diner next door. could not fault it in any way. will definatley stay here again. warm welcome in a busy city.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>renov
<Content>my favorite sf hotel We first stayed at the K.G. in the 80's just after it first opened.Since the mid 90's we have returned steadily 2-3 times a year. It's so welcoming to revisit a property and be greeted by your name from a core staff that stays there many years at a time.This is a beautifully maintained older boutique hotel that is very fairly priced only a block and a half from UnionSquare.Do not expect a modern, hip,cutting edge kind of a place[there two across the street].Do expect old fashioned warmth and hospitality from a professional staff with a folksy friendliness that reminds one of a time when going to a hotel meant getting away from it all and relaxing.V. Titus Reno Nv.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>mfults
<Content>Pleasant Stay We arrived on Easter Sunday, 3/23 and stayed for 4 nights leaving on Thursday, 3/27. Our request for early check-in, queen bed, and corner room were accommodated. Check-in easy and no problem. The room was on the small side but in a large older city, this is to be expected. The windows are single pained with no screens so you can literally hear everything outside from people talking, glass bottle throwers, and sirens. If that will bother you, bring plugs because I don't see that problem changing no matter what room you stay in. We bought a bottle of wine for our room and we called down to the front desk and within 5 mintues, we had wine glasses and a bottle opener sent up to our room. There is only 1 elevator so either be patient or take the sprial staircase. People who do not have luggage complain about taking the stairs but hello, you are in SF!!! Walking on an angle kinda comes with the territory!!!!! The hotel provides a cold continental breakfast but we did not take part so I can not comment. Bar area open for night until about 930ish. Nice, they even have hh prices. Drew is a nice guy! Check-out was as easy as check-in.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>jacqcalifornia
<Content>felt deceived I had read in a review description of the hotel that there was a gym and a spa attached to it. When I got there I found the gym was a small gym down the street that charged something like $10 to work out there and there was a separate salon down the street. The staff was friendly but the room was so small it was uncomfortable (and I lived in a 11x13' studio w/separate kitchen and bath for 6 years).Additionally I warn the elderly and people with knee problems to be careful because there are quite a few flights of stairs without elevators. The gentleman at the front is very friendly and will carry your luggage but if you have knee problems beware (I'm a Physical Therapist and have a lot of clients that would have problems with the stairs). If you do decide to go there just let them know ahead of time that you need to take the least amount of stairs possible. The parking is also far so keep this in mind (unless you get a rare spot outside the hotel).  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>tmc4799
<Content>strange Recently stayed here, the rooms are very very very small but clean. Felt like I could hardly move in room. But the hotel staff is excellent friendly and helpful. Sean the concierge is excellent professional and a gentleman. Location is good for a convention. Right in the hart oof everything. Forget eating at the hotel try Lori's diner right nextdoor great food and service and reasonable prices. If the rooms were larger instead of the size of a coffin this place would be great. The only reason the place is decent is itsemployees  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hzp
<Content>was worried, but KG was a decent deal in a great locale- great staff i was quite worried about arriving to discover i'd been booked into the local hovel, but actually, the king george is very centrally located (IN union square, across from a convenient parking lot the same rate as any nearby). it's a tiny place, but seriously well worth it. the staff was just very helpful and kind- it should be noted that when i asked if i could print out at the business center, the deskclerk offered to bring in his own flashdrive so i could print it at the desk instead of being charged. The staff was always responsive, friendly (even at 2am, when i asked for a recommendation for dim sum), and always took going out of their way as the standard, which is remarkable. and how refreshing is FREE WIFI? there on business, we worked at all hours of the day and night, and the signal was pretty decent, with a small slowdown first thing in the morning and last thing at night. i was first shown to 510, which is the size of a postage stamp, but i asked for a different room and was shown to 506, a larger room that was really comfortable. in general, the rooms are small, but this is SF. there is a corner store 2 bops away, so we were able to get water, etc for the room there. the noise level wasn't bad. lots of restaurants within spitting distance, and it was an easy walk to MacWorld. I looked high and low for rooms, read reviews, and this was the best of what i found in this price range, and I'd go back, easily.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keith_Montgomery
<Content>Comfortable, well-appointed "Old World" Hotel I very much enjoyed my one-night stay at the King George, on a stopover between flights from Sydney and to London. Very accessible to the Powell Street BART Station. I was concerned by the look of the corridors, not due to shabbiness but the mere architecture looked.... well..... old. Once I entered my room, however, all doubts were relieved. A small but very nice room with a comfortable bed and a lot of nice touches. Free WiFi internet, cable TV, big fluffy towels and a selection of soaps. The neighborhood is rife with restaurants and theaters. I would recommend the King George to others, and I'll likely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gramercy97
<Content>Small Rooms, Big on Location We just returned from our first trip to San Francisco and were incredibly impressed with our stay at the King George. Our room, fitted with two twin size beds, was charming and clean. The mattress and bedding very comfortable. Yes, the rooms are on the small side and the bathroom's a tight fit, but it wasn't a problem for us. I did read all of the comments on here about the street noise, however, I learned from another couple staying there that they had no problems because they were on a higher floor. Our room was on the fourth floor facing the alleyway, so the noise was present but minimal. The staff were attentive and very helpful. On our first night, we had a problem with the radiator and maintenance came right up to help. Nothing major, just that the radiator wasn't turned on. We also got some great tips from the front desk about places we had planned visit, which added to our experience. For the price and the location this hotel just cannot be beat. I was a bit shocked at how close to everything (BART, MUNI, Union Square shopping and restaurants) it was considering the deal we had and that several higher end hotels were in the same vicinity. I felt as if we had lucked out. I can't comment on the hotel parking as we relied on public transport during our entire stay.My only complaint is the breakfast. While it's standard continental buffet fare, you can go next door to the diner and have a hearty hot breakfast for the same price.Overall, our stay was wonderful. If small rooms aren't a problem for you, then the King George is the place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DanBoy11
<Content>Excellent hotel - Great location and value My family and I have stayed at the King George for five nights and and have enjoyed everything about the hotel. This was our first time in SF and everyone was amazingly courteous and forthcoming. They provided us with restaurant suggestions and were extremely helpful. We would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>subysu
<Content>Stay at your own risk... Two words. Bed Bugs. I stayed there for a weekend and walked out of there with bites all over my body, including on my face - NOT fun. While the staff was extremely apologetic and comped us our valet parking of $32, I felt they could have done more. The rooms are also very old and very small. The front door to the room isn't very solid and has a large gap underneath so you can literally hear and even see people walking by. While the staff was nice and its a good rate for the location, its not enough to convince me to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michaelmelton1
<Content>Great Place, Great Price I think this is my favorite place to stay while in San Francisco. It is super close to Union Square, and is in the $100 / night range. The rooms aren't that big; but, unless you pay $400 a night in this area, your not getting a huge room. Basically, this is a great place to stay if you plan on exploring the city. Its a clean room in a great location...what more can you ask for in the city.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>john-doe-#2a
<Content>Nice little place As other have mentioned, small clear room, nice location, helpful staff. Actually the bathroom was far bigger than expected, after reading the reviews before I went. The new (to me) parking ticket machine/(hotel, restaurant)validating process is quite a hassle to me. More complicated than necessary IMHO.This is one of the older hotels, a single slow elevator does solo there to serve everybody, not exactly effecient. Internet is horribly slow. Ask the desk for the connection kits if you don't have or forgot your wireless connector (for older computers of course).The sound proof is not good either, we hear people slam their doors during the day as well as late at night. Next door conversation comes as fluctuating murky noise. Our room faces the side street so the street noise is more tolerable than the neighbors.This is no better or worse than the other old hotels I've been to. But the convenient and above average safety location really helps. I stayed in Maxwell just around the corner not long ago. Somehow there're more homeless people around it than King George.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Exp_Biz_Traveler
<Content>Clean, convenient, but with heavy street noise I stayed here for five nights on a business trip.When I arrived, the wireless internet in the rooms was down. After speaking with support, the front desk provided a wireless bridge for a refundable $150 deposit. It didn't work either. I ended up spending the evening in the bar downstairs where the wireless was working. It took a reset of the server by the day shift to get it working.The room is small, but nobody stays in the less-expensive rooms in a boutique hotel expecting to have a very large room. I had a room with two twin beds - which I wish more hotels offered. It's hard to warm up one of those monster king beds! The room was clean in every aspect. San Francisco hotels are uniformly noisy. Anyone who has read my reviews knows this. As a rule, when I book a room I ask for something away from the street in the comment section of the reservation rooms - something I repeat at the front desk upon check in.They placed me in a fourth-floor room facing a side alley. I hoped this would cut down on the traffic noise, but it did not. The room's windows were not hardly sufficient to cut down even conversation on across the street (I'm not kidding) much less the louder voices of SF's ever-present bums. That makes this hotel perhaps the noisiest of the half-dozen or so I've visited in SF.I also note the room has a steam heater and no AC. On hot days I suspect it would not be pleasant.The hotel is a doable walk on flat terrain to Moscone center. It's around the corner from Union Square. There is no arguing it is convenient.If you are substantially overweight and traveling with similarly sized companions, the elevator will be a problem for you. It is very small as US elevators go. The spiral staircase is very steep. I watched a group of obese travelers end up having to go up and down to their room one at a time.I've never understood why people who plan to spend time in San Francisco rent cars. It's a complete waste of money given the transportation options in town. If you do rent, don't rely on the valet parking here or at most other boutique hotels in the area. They park the cars well away from the hotels. There are multiple parking garages, including one right across the street.I'm not certain I'd stay here again due to the noise If all my other options were booked, I would probably think about paying up for a bigger room, which are generally on the upper floors, in hopes it would be quieter.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Snowpatroller
<Content>Decent Hotel for the Room Rate Located on Mason Street just two short blocks from Union Square. Very convenient location to restaurants theatre and shopping around Union Square. Parking garage located directly across the street with $29.50 daily rate that is competitive for San Francsico. We stayed on the first floor on the Executive Level. Good size room that was clean and quiet.Queen size bed was soft and uncomfortable. Free wireless internet was greatly appreciated. Overall a good value for an expensive area.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>freefallfred
<Content>Great location! Found this hotel on Orbitz. For 118$ +tx, you can't beat the location.Yes the rooms are small, but, being in San Francisco, do you expect to spend all day in your room? Our room was on the 9th floor, and yes the elevator is slow (and small). But you're on vacation, so what the heck. The room itself was very nice.Lots (tons!) of places to shop/eat/drink around the hotel. There is a parking garage right across the street. 29$ for 24 hours. That's the normal price for SF. The start of the Powell/Mason cable car ride is 2 blocks away (takes you to Fisherman's wharf in 20 minutes), Chinatown is a 10 minutes walk away. We will definitely go back.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>ASNOWBALL
<Content>Very Bad Experience After 20 hours of travelling we arrived at the King George only to be told that there was a problem with our room. Our holiday had been booked 10 months in advance so there should not have been any such problems. I enquired to the male receptionist had the hotel been overbooked? I was told no definately not but that the pipes in our room had burst as it was an old building from 1914. We begrudingly got a taxi to the other hotel we were told they had upgraded us to as we were told there was nothing else they could do for us that night - There was no manager available so I said I would be up the next morning to speak to her. I booked the King george as it was near union square but the area around the Whitcomb (the hotel we were ugraded to) was deserted when were arrived at 10.00 - the taxi drive was also scary we drove through a not so plesant area with prostitutes, and people openly using drugs and being smaked off their heads. To cut a long story short after a sleepless night I went back to the King Georege to see the manager only to be told there was nothing they could do - after almost an hour I had to resort to getting angry and said that I was not leaving until I got a room in the King George or another hotel in the area - after a lot of hassle we were eventually given the smallest room in the hotel. The first evening we stayed in the King George we heard them tell another guest checking in that there were burst pipes in their room also and that they had been upgraded to another hotel - believe me the whitcomb is not an upgrade our room was old and smelly with twin beds (we were away for our wedding anniversary!!) it stank of stale smoke even though we requested a non smoking room. Anyway a word of warning - if you are booked into the king george and they tell you there are burst pipes in your room do not accept that old chestnut!!! The manager also told me that they do not upgrade they only offer accommodation the same price as you have paid for the King George.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>psallan
<Content>Fun and Friendly The King George is ideally located just two blocks from Union square. The walk to the hotel from the Powell Bart station was only five minutes. Our room was on the first floor away from the street, so our room was very quiet. The room size was larger than expected after reading earlier reviews. Everything was neat and tidy and nicely decorated. We have no complaints at all about the hotel. The staff are extremely friendly. We enjoyed a few drinks at happy hour while the bartender entertained us with his witty sense of humour. The continental breakfast was ok but we enjoyed the dinners located next door to the hotel. The location is perfect and safe, however, areas west of the hotel are a little sketchy. Most of the tourist areas are north or east. The cable car line is two blocks away on Powell. We did not take a taxi once our entire stay in SFO. The hotel is recommended and we would definately stay here again. The value of this hotel cannot be beat.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jessicalferris
<Content>King George Hotel: Modest digs, GREAT location       King George -- Room  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ukpat02
<Content>Quaint place, great location After reading the reviews, I knew the room would be small so I was prepared. What I wasn't prepared for was a friendly staff, perfect location and perfect cleanliness. Of course the room was small, but you just need to suck it up. No staffer ever acted put out when I asked directions, the check in and check out was simple and you're within walking distance of the BART, MUNI, trolleys and a vibrant shopping district. For the price, I'm not sure you can get much better.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kvmac
<Content>Great choice value and location I was stuck with a flight cancellation and had to fly into San Fran at 2am with no notice. I rang the hotel from the airport I was departing from, and they gave me a great $100 walk in rate over the phone. Had to cab it from airport as no people to take shuttle, hotel staff fantastic, small but clean, comfortable room with tasteful furnishings. Didn't have to check out till 1pm! perfect location and lovely lobby/bar. Have been to San Fran before and paid a lot more for really crappy places - this is a great find!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>AtlantaGirl38
<Content>Good location, great service We were very pleased with our stay at the King George. The hotel is a cute, but old place. The concierge said they opened for business in 1914; and it has that same old world charm. The room felt clean despite its age. The bathroom was tiny... but everything worked perfectly. In fact, the shower was great (good pressure). We were 3 women in a room (2 double beds), so it was a little tight in the bath. There's not really any place to plug in and hold appliances; however there is a hair dryer installed in the bathroom already. (For the other appliances, we just used them in the main room.)The best part of our stay was the service. We got in late the first night and had no problems checking in. The concierge was so helpful with every request and question - no matter which person we worked with. They know everything.We were taking the red eye out on our last day there, and wanted the day to sightsee; and there was no problems with checking our bags with the front desk. When we came back to pick up the bags they even printed us out a list of BART departures to the airport.The other plus about this hotel is the location. It's a couple of blocks to Powell Station (where you can pick up the BART), as well as the beginning of the trolley car line, and Union Square. There are Walgreens, groceries and diners surrounding it; so you never have to go far for the necessities. There's a parking garage directly across the street. I think it's rather expensive, but I think that's true all over the city.I would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelCork
<Content>Good hotel in a great location This was a nice hotel, the rooms very a little on the small size but very pleasant. It is very centrally located within walking distance (5 minutes) of union square. There was also a diner next door that did a very good breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>eHsia
<Content>Decent for the Price Not exactly a 3-star hotel, but great location. Can't beat the price for this place, esp since SanFran is EXPENSIVE. The service was great; they even let us check out late. We did appreciate having free internet. The rooms really are VERY small, but like most tourists, we didn't stay in the room much, so didn't mind this. (Though there is no sink counter space in the bathroom, so if you're a couple/group of gals, this might become a problem.) One big boo-boo to this place is we found a pretty huge, unidentifiable yellow bug crawling on our bed one evening. And of course, the number of homeless people serenading us back to our hotel was quite disturbing. (Though that's pretty much the case all over.) If you stay here, I recommend Lefty O' Douls around the corner for breakfast, and Colibri's for drinks.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	5	5	5	

<Author>enjlindy
<Content>Good Deal for the Price For about $100 a night you can't beat the location. Yes the rooms are tiny but who cares. We were hardly there. It doesn't make sense to pay $200+ on a crash pad. Word of caution, get a room that faces south. They are the quietest. We were booked in a room that faced Mason St and we didn't sleep a wink. The windows are paper thin. We asked to be moved and that made all the difference inthe world. We would stay there again.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mpartyp
<Content>Decent hotel near Union Square Average, decent hotel. The staff is kind, the rooms are small, the location is perfect! And, they have a happy hour.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Fyre
<Content>Lovely hotel centrally located in Union Squre I was a little concerned about staying here after some of the reviews I read, however, I'm so glad I did.It is a smaller boutique hotel, but it wasn't that small for a single woman traveling alone, and would have been fine if I was there with a companion as well. It had a large Queen size bed, a color tv with cable, and a ceiling fan. There was even a little one cup coffee maker in the walk in closet along with an inroom safe. The batroom was very nice, and the hotel itself was far nicer than I had imagined it would be. There were fresh, free apples on the front desk daily, and the staff were warm, friendly, and very accomodating. Everyone was kind, pleasant, and the hotel is very centrally located. You should be aware that there are alot of homeless people in the area, but no one dangerous or scary, just sad, and wanting a little handout.I enjoyed my stay a great deal. It isn't a Marriott, and while the room isn't huge, it certainly was comfortable, clean, and pleasant. The bed was delightful, and the room was very tidy.I would most certainly stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>melodra
<Content>Not bad, excellent location We stayed at the King George on the first and last nights of our road trip around California.The hotel is in an excellent location, just off union square. We found there was huge difference between the different rooms we stayed in on our first and last nights in the US. For our first night, we booked a king size room, which was v nice - a decent size, nicely decorated, new fittings in the bathroom, so we felt some of the negative comments about the rooms being small, and about the dated decor had been unjustified. However, on our last night we had booked a queen size room, which was completely different - very small room, absolutely tiny bathroom, rather shabby decor.The bar was ok; with friendly and chatty staff and a nice atmosphere , shame there isn't a restaurant, although there are plenty of places to eat close by.Overall, not a bad hotel - could do with some updating - but in an excellent location, and fine if you are just looking for somewhere to rest your head at night. Would definitely recommend booking a king size room, as the queen rooms aren't great.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Geekguy1
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel The King George bills themselves as a European style hotel, which means small rooms. This is OK with us, since we use a hotel mostly for sleeping, and everything else about the hotel was fine or better -- clean rooms, well maintained property, very helpful staff (especially the concierge), good prices for breakfast, and more. The best feature, though, has to be their location: very near Union Square, and walking distance to many of SF's best attractions. We've stayed here before, will do so again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Corde
<Content>Good Location The location was fab just off Union Square so if you are going for a shopping trip this is a great Hotel.Staff were great very very friendly and extremley attentive. The rooms were a little small but had everything that you neededBut if you are a light sleeper I would not reccommend this hotel to you, The hotel does not have double glazzing and the rooms have very thin walls so we were woken everytime another guest moved around.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Sidney2007
<Content>Lovely I was a walk-in in this case and they gave me a good rate. This hotel is adorable, very clean with nicely decorated rooms. Very central location and friendly staff. Convenient parking across the street.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DarrylGT
<Content>Great location .. great property I was at the annual fancy food show that runs for 3 days every January. This hotel was in the perfect spot (1/2 block from Union Square .... and 15 min. to conference center). As for food ... there are so many, many places to pick and choose from (all within a 5 -15 mintue walk)Oh yes everyday .... lets not forget the hotel's happy hour (the munchies are just nachos ...... but the main thing wine ..beer for $3.00/ glass ... what a grerat way to end the day .. and prepare yourself forthe evening  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Palo87ibz
<Content>Great location!! I understand that maybe when you're travelling you need your space,but this hotel rooms aren't THAT tiny!I mean,of course don't expect a giant suite,expect a little city hotel.Decoration was little bit old fashioned,and the rooms..let's call them intimate.Loved the location.Near of everything,union square,market street,embarcadero,chinatown,little italy,lombard st...Very quiet at night and friendly staff.what else do you want?It would have been too perfect if the rooms also where big and hiper-luxurius!good value for the price.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>laurag1979
<Content>Not that bad! After reading many negative reviews i was abit unsure of this hotel, but we were booked and ready to go and not being particulary picky thought we would cope if it was bad!We had booked a room for 3 so had a room with 2 doubles and we were pleasantly suprised, it was bigger than we expected,there isnt a great deal of room between beds and door but plenty enough,the cuboard easily held our 3 (large) suitcases. The bathroom was small but manageable and with a window.My main praise is the location of the hotel its well placed just around the corner from union square,shopping,resturants and cable cars it was excellent!The hotel was very clean ...maybe of a certain age but its well kept in my opinion,the staff were pleasant enough too! And there was not much noise for a city (we were 6 floor)Id stay again the ritz its not but its a great base for exploring the city  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrbooshaa
<Content>A View from a Skeptic Very comfortable, VERY Clean for it age, staff outstanding!!!!Will I stay again? YES!!!!! Rooms are small, bathroom very tight but super clean and of the era, our room was in the rear of the hotel with a medium size window to the adjacent building kind of New Yorkish only NO NOISE.. We slept like we should on our anniversary, it was! @#$% fantastic Breakfast at the hotel needs improvement, but on both sides are two restaurants we visited both in the morning on separate days I give the both 4.5 stars for everything.. good wholesome cooking ( My favorite was the one up the hill 12 steeps from the door.)We visited several restaurants in the area and never had less than an excellent meal, as for the Warf if you don visit he Crab House?you will miss out big time.. My wife had the crab sandwich of some sort and I had crab linguine, I had a hard time finding the noodles.. ( that Good)Overall un City, Great food, Supper easy to get around?Don bother renting a car?. Watch out for the ush Man?br/>Have funMK San Diego  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rlw1953
<Content>Smallest rooms I've ever seen Do not stay here if you have claustrophobia. The rooms are unbelievably tiny. There is barely room for two twin beds in the bedroom. The closet has enough room for a single suitcase. The bathroom is the size of a port-a-potty. I literally have never seen a smaller hotel room in my life - anywhere, at any price.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>yukoy
<Content>Wouldn't stay again I stayed for 2 nights in August '06. Room was small. Hotel is very old and it shows everywhere...hallways, doors, inside the room, stairs. Hotel can be used in a horror movie. Bathroom is aweful. There is no vanity counter, just a pedestal. Only good thing is the free high speed internet in every room. Service was fine. I would not want to stay here again. I stayed at Adagio, Nikko and Hyatt before. I like Adagio the best but they have raised their rates so it is quite expensive to stay there now. Hyatt has a nice gym and free internet access in the lobby.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	3	1	3	4	4	

<Author>sofacare
<Content>tiny rooms this hotel is past its sell by date, the rooms are just to small the bathroom is tiny you have to close the door to use the sink, we read the reviews before our stay so knew what to expect, but l wish we had cacelled, four people with luggage just cannot fit in these rooms, theres nowhere to hang your clothes had a built in wardrobe but had to use this to store our luggage. i am 5ft 10 but the bed was too short. all the doors do not fit the frames have large gaps around them. the whole hotel has a worn and old feel to it and reminds me of hotels i used to stay in the 50s and 60s with my parents.the one good point is the staff are helpful, however the breakfast is just not worth the money, theres a really good place next door to eat  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Feeling at home Needless to say, great price (I paid about $150 per night occupying with 3 people), great location (only a block away from the Union Square, close to cable cars and shops). I stayed in a double room with my family for three nights and the room was excellent (for the price, of course)! What I liked was that there was a window in the bathroom. That gave me a feeling as if I was actually living in an apartment in SF! Hotel staff was always nice and helpful. Just one negative thing was bed matress was a bit too soft for me (maybe it was because it's pretty old). If I have another chance to travel to SF, I will definitely stay at King George again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location You cant beat the location right in Union square a block off the trolley line and other public transportation. If you are a budget traveler this is the place for you. It is not the Fairmont, but easily fits within a 3 star category, and for the low $100s or less it is a steal and a half. Parking is expensive ($26 a day), so budget that into the price. The room was small but comfortable, quiet, hot water, free high speed internet, friendly staff, etc.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TaraDon05
<Content>Totally Okay Tiny, tiny rooms, horrible breakfast - do not buy the breakfast package, there are a lot of fun diners nearby...BUT, great value if you pay around $100, decent service, quiet, clean rooms in the back, excellent location....it's a tradeoff.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>E-TripCalifornia
<Content>Decent place and great value for the money For $120/night near Union Square, I wans't disappointed. Pluses: Location, the friendly staff, location, and the friendly bar in the back. The room was very clean. Oh, did I mention location?Minuses: The room was tiny -- it even was a deluxe room. There was about 2-3 feet of open space perimeter around the bed. Needed some patience for the shower water to warm up. Room faced some sort of gap between adjacent buildings -- not exactly a good view.Overall, I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>maresa
<Content>This is not a bad hotel Ok---everyone's right---the rooms are small and the bathroom is the size of a postage stamp. But for the one night we stayed, it was fine. Our room was clean and quiet and the staff was helpful. As for having to step over homeless people to get there as one reviewer said---well, unfortunately you have to step over homeless people to get to the Hyatt and every other hotel in San Francisco. The King George is in a good location----just a couple blocks from the cable car and an easy walk to good restaurants (go to John's Grill for dinner) and interesting stores. We had an internet deal and didn't have a car to park, so for the price, the King George worked well for us. We would consider staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TERRIBLE Irresponsible, inattentive and unreliable. Overall a disastrous experience. Not recommended.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Small Room for even 2 People We recently came to SF for a long weekend and decided to stay here given the great location in Union Square (close to the Bart, shopping, chinatown, restaurants, car rentals). I have to give credit for the location!As for the room, good thing we were just there in the evening (just to sleep) and we are out all day. The room was very very small. I would say about 12 x 12. We were on the 3rd floor, not much noise surprisingly. Right when you walk in the bathroom was on the right, fairly clean, but very old (industrial toilet, peeled wall paper) and would only fit one person at a time. The closet was so small didn't even fit our roll-on suitcase. The bed was 5 feet from the entrance and took up most of the space in the room, there was a desk, 2 nightstands, chair and a tv stand so basically very limited walking room. We had to strategically move around each other so that we didn't bump into each other. So if you don't plan to hang out in your room, this is a good place to stay given the GREAT location.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Situation Stayed at this hotel for 7 nights. We found it adequate, clean bedrooms, good bathrooms; but room was a little on small size.Very well placed for central San Francisco.The staff very friendly and helpfulWe enjoyed our stay both the hotel and the city!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Teeny Tiny Room To be fair, the staff was very courteous and helpful. That being said, the room was so small that two people and their luggage just didn't fit. We spent the two days tripping over each others stuff.There was only one chair, so someone always had to sit on the bed. The window was 'frosted' and opened onto a dirty and dark air shaft. Also - there is no air conditioning - just a ceiling fan. The nights we were there were cool, so this was fine. In the heat of the summer, it would have been unbearable.There are far better *deals* in the S. F. area.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>anitaowl
<Content>Bad Advertising: The King George is not a Boutique Hotel The King George is a very European hotel - nice bar and small lobby. The rooms, however, vary in size - and the one we had for the first two days of our stay was so tiny that my husband and I couldn't turn around at the same time and the bathroom mirror was divided at the room side so that one could only see a couple of inches in front of one! (Made it hard to put on makeup:)We were moved for the last two nights (they claimed they were full and could not move us earlier) to a slightly larger room. Nice, international group of people both staying and working at the King George - but I've stayed at better small boutique hotels in the Union Square area than this.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just about neutral I tried booking with them directly through their reservation system, but they screwed it up. We were unsure of our dates and the reservation clerk said the hotel can put the rooms on hold for us. Then he started reading out their cancelation policy!!! He was not making a hold he was making the actual reservation. After clarifying our position, the reservation clerk still messed up. When we arrived we had no reservation.The front desk clerk found us a room and gave us a price break for the inconvenience. I would have rather avoided the thought of not having a room. The front desk clerk was understanding.The hotel is rather old and the rooms are small. The floors in the hotel rooms can do with a serious steam clean. Overall the rooms kind of felt like a bed and breakfast room.Highlights: The price is very reasonable for its location. One block from Union Square and the hotel has parking two feet from the hotel.Don't expect thrills, but this is a place you can stay for a short trip.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Mrs_Gannon
<Content>Umm ?? We stayed for 3 nights during Sept and have a mixed view. Our (twin) room was on the side (4th floor) and one night we were kept awake by the voice of a lady begging for money. Lots more begging went on outside the hotel. The room was small but clean with a large storage area for luggage. The bathroom was also clean with a great powerful shower. The lobby and bar areas are luxurious - the bar lady was great, really chatty and full of information re SF. If you use the car park opposite pay at the hotel Reception and save yourself a couple of $s. The porters are v helpful and attentive. If there are more then 3 of you consider using the limosine around town its also cheaper than the shuttle bus to the airport. Lots of places to eat nearby, v good location for Union Square, the shops (Macys, Crate  Barrel, GAP etc), China Town and the cabel car stops. We actually walked to Pier 39 - its not that far. Over all - average to good memories.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jmstravel
<Content>Good value, location, excellent service IN S.F. for Fringe Festival. Stayed 1 night. Perfect location for this. Excellent, helpful staff. Room was ready at 11am on crowded weekend. Upgraded free to 2-bed room from single queen since latter was unavailable, so room was larger than expected. 8th floor, view only of other buildings but room was in an odd corner so there was light and air in both main room and bathroom. Free safe in closet. Free high speed internet in room (ethernet cable provided). Free and enthusiastic storage of bags for several hours after checkout. Parking expensive-Not odd for S.F. but still, if you are driving into the city the $150 room becomes a $180 room.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value for money hotel in SF Very good location - close to Union Square and mainstreets in San Francisco.First impression is very good when you arrive at the hotel - as everything on the lobby floor is up to a very high standard (even the restrooms are the most flashy in SF) - but when you move up the floors things are more used..... We stayed here for 2 nights in a room with street view. A bit noisy during nights, but that was to be expected with a street view in San Francisco!!! :-)The room was nice and clean! It seems that the two street view rooms on each floor are larger than the rest (though still small compared to most other hotel rooms). Rooms with a street view has number 0 and 1 on each floor (e.g. 700 and 701) - number 0 is next to the elevator so it might be better to ask for room number 1 for a fairly large room with a nice street view.Breakfast OK, free internet (not wireless in the rooms), concierge very service minded.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jbfphilly
<Content>Awful! This hotel was so awful that we actually canceled our second night and checked out the same night we checked in. We had family staying at the Hilton so we chose to sleep on a cot in their room instead! The lobby is deceivingly nice....but once you get up the stairs, you feel like you are checking into a college dorm. The room was smaller than a NY studio apartment and not clean. The bathroom tile that was supposed to be white, was not. The toilet was equivalent to a gas station rest stop facility and made an awfully loud noise each time it was flushed. I guess stepping over the homeless people as we went to check in should have given us our first clue. It's worth it to pay more when staying in San Francisco.john, nj  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LolaLA
<Content>Nice Service I love San Francisco and the King George Hotel is a great place for accommodations. The hotel like most in SF is not very spacious but its nice, clean and has a very friendly and helpful staff. And the location is perfect. It's in Union Square, so you would be in walking distance from all the shops (Nordstrom, Macy's, etc.), cafes (there is one literally on every corner), bars and restaurants. And most importantly the cable car station, a must for an SF visit. Great place to stay if you don't want to splurge on an ultra-expensive room.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oandl2005
<Content>Reasonable hotel This hotel is in an ideal position right near Union Square but this also means that it is noisy. Not as nice as other 3 star hotels we have stayed in but ok for a couple of nights.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nwalesguy
<Content>Stay here for the location The best thing about this hotel is the location. Only a block from Union Square. The rooms are small - I stayed in a queen bedded room and it felt cramped. The bathroom was equally tiny. Would have been way too small for two people. If you can get this hotel at a good rate - go for the location. Be aware that the undesireable Tenderloin district is nearby - if you are walking alone at night plan all your journeys via Union Square.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>John987654321
<Content>A good deal near Union Square I've been travelling to an annual San Francisco convention almost every year for, let's say, longer than I care to remember. I must have stayed at a dozen or so hotels over that time, some more than once, and most of them near the Moscone convention centre and Union Square. I find the King George usually offers the best value and have stayed there most often. If you book a hotel near Union Square, you have chosen a bustling, noisy environment - and that, in the US, means indigents and a feeling of insecurity. If you want a calmer exterior environment, stay elsewhere!Especially since the interior was remodelled two or three years ago, the King George offers a comfortable and calm environment. Yes, the rooms are small and the plumbing fitments old, but they are spotlessly clean and well serviced. For me, the thing that gives the King George the edge over other mid-priced hotels around Union Square is that the management seems to be trying really hard to make you feel at home. Free broadband access is one plus, but little things such as a jar of sweets on the dressing table, make it feel really comfortable. The King George also usually offers me a price a few dollars lower than the (also good) Warwick Regis or Maxwell, and quite a bit lower than the likes of the larger Marriott, Renaissance or Nikko. If you're mad enough to bring a car into SF, the King George offers a discounted rate at the parking garage immediately opposite. They also offer discounted rates at a nearby health club.Finally, I would endorse another reviewer's recommendation of the diner next door, either for breakfast or a snack.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this side of the ghetto Stayed there for 2 nights in June. Stepped over a man lying on the sidewalk to get to the hotel. He was still there hours later. Clean but incredibly small. Beggers all around this hotel and they can get aggressive. Next door restaurant is a good deal- saw lots of cops eat there. Good thing. Staff tried to find a problem with my internet reservation- gave up after several calls and my persistence. Door man barely helpful- after check out he sat next to where I was struggling with my bags and didnt even offer to open the door. Ill stay further in and pay the higher price next time.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heuster
<Content>Convenient I stayed here in December for 1 night. My first room was right by the elevator, which I immediately changed. My second room was fine for what I needed: shower and sleep. It was tastefully decorated, perhaps a little cramped. My friend, right next door, had a much bigger room. Maybe because she's a woman. At times, the floor was quiet, but I had this loud couple next door fighting and to add even more noise, a crying baby. The best thing about this hotel was the location. The night club we went to was a block away, Ruby Skye. The diners were great too, because they allowed us more late night choices right near the hotel. If I stay here again, I'd do what my friend did and bring ear plugs. The staff was great!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jezzebel
<Content>I wouldn't recommend it to you... We stayed for 3 days and 3 nights there. The only good thing about this hotel was Location. It was one block away from Union Square where you can catch the cable car to fisherman's wharf or get on a bus to Haight Asbury. The bad things about this hotel was: 1. The room is VERY VERY SMALL. I live in a small junior one bedroom in DC so I am pretty much used to small space and maximizing a small room but this room... I'd have to agree to other reviewer's comment that it's almost closter phobic to sleep in. They put too much stuff in the room which made it even worst. 2. Everymorning at 8.00 the cleaning service will knock on your door and ask you whether you want your room to be clean. WHO DOES THAT??? I have never stayed in a hotel where they wake you up to clean the room. I know some people like waking up early on their vacation to get the most of the city but some DON'T. and since this hotel has no sound proof doors then you will hear the lady said those words repeatedly to every door in the hall way. I am really disappointed with this hotel, especially after reading the wonderful reviews from tripadvisor.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value, but bring ear plugs While I do agree with the other reviewers that this hotel is a great value, I must also say that it is the noisiest hotel I've ever stayed at in my life. I stay in NY a lot for work and the noise level outside this hotel was a million times worse than anything I've ever encountered there. The hotel is clean and the service is very good and friendly. It is in a very convenient location, but also located between some 24 hour diners which may have contributed to the noise level. I was with my family and we had 4 rooms total and none of us slept a wink the entire two nights we were there. There's not much insulation and the windows in the bathroom are slatted panes of glass that makes it sound like the window is open. Maybe if you go and stay at the back of the hotel or bring ear plugs, you might do okay.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEST VALUE! Found this hotel via some local friends and it was great location, quite, nice staff and CLEAN. The Value was every other hotel they looked at was twice the price and half as nice.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mold in my room. I entered room 300, the room smelled musty, there was a hair on the toilet and hair in the bed sheets. I checked behind the curtain, located behind the bed, and there was mold growing on the wall.I called the front desk and the lady gave me attitude. She said, I could only change rooms once She didn't even apologize for the mold in my room all she said was, Did you check it before you entered?.The new room was an improvement, but I will never stay there again. Every time I left the hotel and came back, the hotel staff never greeted me.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find! We have been staying at the King George for nearly 25 years and have recommended it to friends who also enjoy this hotel. Yes, the rooms are very small and the elevator is a bit slow but this adds to its charm. It is much like a typical European hotel. The hotel has always been spotlessly clean and the staff friendly and helpful. The location is perfect - walking distance to many sights, safe, and there are lots of places to eat nearby. I really don't think you can beat the price on this hotel either!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Completetosh
<Content>Great little hotel Been to this excellent hotel three times now, for week-long stays with work. The recent(ish) addition of broadband in rooms only adds to the great value you get here. The rooms are maybe not huge, but they are comfortable and clean, and the staff very friendly. Problems - I've only ever had one - are promptly and courteously sorted out. Location is also excellent (check out the diner on your right as you leave the hotel - it's great!). I won't be staying anywhere else next time I visit SF.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location - Good Value Stayed there this Labor day weekend and had a great time. Hotel was clean, friendly staff, great location 1/2 block from Union Square and cool little wine bar. Would stay there anytime.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>njtraveler4444
<Content>Try someplace else King George Hotel is clean and the staff is very helpful.....but that's about it. Rooms are very small....can't stay more than one night here. Bathroom is ok but tight. Hallways are institutional looking and antisceptic. One tiny elevator that comes slowly....don't stay on upper floors. I know that the rates are good but I think we could have found someplace better for the same price. Look further if you are considering this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Magpie
<Content>Great location! We have stayed at the King George twice and enjoyed it both times. Our most recent visit was October 2004. It is extremely well located, quiet and the King size bed was very comfortable.The rooms are small but so is the price. We will stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canadaraveller
<Content>great Don't believe whqat you read.....The King George is a fine hotel. Very close to Union Square (2 min walk) and right in the heart of the action. We stayed for 5 days and really liked it. The rooms aren't huge, but who stays in their hotel room all day in San Fran anyway???2 suggestions...ask for a first floor room as the elevator is very slow...get a room in the centre of the hotel..no view but cuts out the noise as SF is very loud at night.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LapuLapu
<Content>you get what u pay for Not a great place. Small rooms kept fair. Not a lot of room to move around in. Great location to clubs, but just up the road much better accomodations for a few more dollars. Don't expect 4 people to fit in comfortably.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little deal Stayed at the hotel April 26-30, 2004 for business and thought it was just right. Good location  very reasonable. The rooms are small (more European than American-sized), but mine was clean and had everything I needed. The staff was friendly and helpful. Afternoon stops at the bar were always enjoyable with lots of helpful tips for places to go from the bartender. The only other caveat (first being if room size is important, consider something else) is breakfast: unless you're not at all picky, go out.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tahoeyoyo
<Content>Great value and location! We got a GREAT deal on this hotel, but even at the regular rate it's a steal for the location - not even a full block from the heart of Union Square. Our room was small, but it doesn't seem like any of the other hotels in this area have much larger rooms either, and chances are if you are in this area you are there to shop and won't be spending much time in your hotel anyhow! The staff was sooo friendly, helpful, and efficient. The hotel itself was cute, clean and I swear I had the best night's sleep of my life in the bed. Yes, you can hear the sounds of the city, but you are IN THE CITY! One night we had a man wandering the alley playing blues on his harmonica... it was kind of nice! The rooms also have nice big baths and were really clean. I will definitely return.  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diamond in The City Boutique hotel in the heart and pulse of the city with an excellent location to all city transportation. Very strong emphasis on cleanliness of both rooms and hotel. Customer service is friendly and professional. Rooms are a bit small, not air conditioned but are very updated and stylish. Great Value!  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location - Small Rooms For the price we paid ($89 per night), the King George provided a clean room with all of the top amenities. Great Location. Free Internet. Spotless Bathroom. However, it was 90 degrees during our stay and our room did not have air conditioning, but a cieling fan. That was adequate during the day, but at night, their was lots of 'urban' noise to be heard on the eigth floor. I would stay their again only if you get a room that has a window in the bathroom and in the sleeping area.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal for the money Hotel is clean and in a good location. Staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms can be a little small. DO NOT get a room next to the elevator. They are bigger, but they are noisy from the elevator traffic.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good; would stay there again My wife and I and two kids stayed at the King George for 3 nights. The room (a deluxe double) was small and a little funky, but hey, it's an old hotel, and we find that charming. Great location. Free in-room Internet. The only complaint: we got the bed/breakfast combo, and the continental breakfast they offer is not enough to feed even a 6-year-old: a single bagel or muffin, a small cup of fruit, and one glass of juice. But then, there are a million little cafes in the area. Bottom line: we'd stay at the King George again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't know why the King George gets such rave reviews. We stayed at The King George Hotel about a year ago, because we thought the price was extremely reasonable and the reviews of the place were excellent. We knew we were getting a room with two twin beds, but were shocked to see how tiny (almost claustrophobic) the room was. The worst part, though, was that one of the beds was lumpy. I believe it actually had broken springs! I brought this to the attention of the hotel when we checked out, and got kind of an odd response. I expected shock, and perhaps a rebate. Instead I was given...an apology.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a GEM Stayed at the King George from 27 Feb to 2 Mar 04 - Not Long enough!!! Old worlde charm, value for Money $94.00 from their website. Location Perfect! Just around the corner (1minute) from Union Square  Cable cars. But most importantly (well for me) is that the rooms were SPOTLESSLY CLEAN. True the rooms are on the small side  the walls a little thin. But it's a lovely hotel,  we will definetly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fenwaycat
<Content>Decent place; recommended This place is pretty good. It's an old building, so don't expect too much. Our room was small, but clean. The bathroom was also very small. Can't beat the price for this location, unless you want to stay somewhere sketchy (this place is definitely NOT sketchy). I don't recommend the diner place next door - it's way overpriced and you don't get much . I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the Price I disagree with some of the negative reviews I have read about the King George. My husband and I visited the King George in July and, I admit, the lack of air conditioning did concern me. I need not have been concerned, for even in July the weather at night cools down and with the window open and the fan going a spoiled New Yorker was able to sleep like a baby! I also don't understand complaints about the bar. Yes it is small, but why spend time in your hotel bar when there are so many fabulous places to go in the city! For the amount of time you spend in your hotel room in such a place like San Francisco, many of the complaints are not warranted. I found the staff extremely friendly and helpful and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an affordable place to stay in an otherwise very expensive city.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sasthije
<Content>good value and location Great location if you want to be in the heart of tourist San Francisco, just off Union Square. Rooms are small and modestly furnished, but still clean and comfortable; staff is pleasant. Our room overlooked some roofs, not the street, and was quiet. For the $112 we paid for a Saturday night in February, I thought it was a good value.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best value at Union Square! This downtown hotel is a MONUMENTAL VALUE. Freshly decorated rooms and corridors, attractive quality furnishings, and nicely renovated bathrooms. (If you're complaining about this hotel, then you haven't traveled much and especially not much to San Francisco.) Parking was a breeze, value-priced, and highly convenient. Cocktails and sodas were readily available, through a psuedo honor bar room service or in the newly-renovated and charming lobby lounge area. Nice quality sheets, towels, and amenities, comfortable desk and lounge chairs were in my room. I was treated warmly throughout my visit. You cannot beat this hotel for this price, in this location--it is just not possible. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Well Kept Secret! It was such a pleasant surprise to come upon this hotel! I travel 30-45% of the year and have seen some doozies! This hotel was so nice to come home to after a hard tradeshow day. The decor is awesome and the hotel is VERY clean! My bathroom was always sparkling. Location is most important and being in the heart of Union Square cannot be beat. There are several wonderful little restaurants walking distance (5 minutes away). You won't be disappointed with this one!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay Finding any hotel in a major city is always difficult, especially if you're travelling on a budget. We found the King George Hotel to meet all of our expectations at a very reasonable rate. It's location was ideal because we didn't have a car while staying in San Francisco. One day we took the cable cars to Fisherman's Wharf and another we walked to Chinatown. There are many good restaurants to choose from around the establishment and the staff was happy to recommend a place to try. In the evening we enjoyed drinks and a jazz band in the lounge. The rooms were small but not uncomfortable (what do you expect for a hotel in the city?). Anyway, there are so many things to do that staying in the room seems silly. Overall, the hotel was charming and the staff friendly. We will definately stay again when we go back.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kris_K_D
<Content>Better off somewhere else Average location overall, prime location for shoppers. Small rooms (though we had an unusually large bathroom) of standard quality. The King George Hotel is just nothing special...  
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay Here!!! Staying at this hotel was probably one of the worst experiences of my travels, and I have travelled extensively. First, it should be noted that there is no air conditioning in the rooms. Not normally a big deal in San Francisco, but if the temperature gets above 80, watch out. Next, they do not have a full service bar. Instead, you may have wine, champagne or beer, and if you want a soda, forget it. This is conveyed to you in a rather rude way by the staff. My wife was 2/3 of the way through with the beer she ordered and the barkeep/waiter took it away; since she hadn't had a drink in a few minutes he assumed she was done. No apolgy for this was forthecoming. Our room was not cleaned the first day until after 3 pm, and only then becasue one our party asked for it to be done. The response was a rather lathargic, I'll look into it. So if you hope to have your room cleaned before noon, look somewhere else. Lastly (and probably most importantly), they lost my rental car with their valet service. They request that you notify them 30 minutes in advance to have your vehicle ready. I had done that the previous day and it took them 45 to get the car to me, so we were late to the wedding we were attending. The next day I asked for the car 45 minutes before I had to leave to catch my plane, having learned my lesson. When the car wasn't there, I asked the counter person where the car was. He said in a rather sheepish voice, I don't know. We can't seem to find it. This is not what you want to hear before you fly home. I gave a complete description of my car, and eventually the valet arrived...with the wrong car. He tried to give me the keys to the vehicle, which was the wrong make and color. After I told him it wasn't my vehicle he left. I began to wonder if my car had been given away to someone else, especially since I was not asked for a receipt for the car he tried to give me. I asked the counter person for a update on my vehicle and he said that it was in the hands of the valets, and not his problem. While I expressed my concerns to the counter person, I asked for the manager. The lady that had been standing next to the gentleman throughout this incident sneered, I'm the manager. She had watched her employee running about for quite some time and never bothered to introduce herself to me or help resolve the problem until I asked. She did not do anything to alleviate my concerns, but rather left, talking on her cell phone. Again, after some time, the counter person said that the car was still missing, but I could take their hotel vehicle (at no charge to me) to the airport and they would return my vehicle. After an hour had gone by, I thought for sure that I would never make my pending flight. Eventually the car was found, after a rather intense hour and 15 minutes. When the valet arrived, he had the nerve to wait to be tiped. My opinion is mistakes happen, but you know the worst thing about this? There was no apology from anyone on staff! No one seemed to care, and the manager in particular was very rude. I asked her to inform my friends who were also staying there that I had found my car and was leaving without saying goodbye. My friends had graciouslly gone to the parking garage and were looking for my car. The manager assured me that they would be told that I was on my way with my vehicle. She then turned without saying another word, and walked into the hotel. The lack of care or sympathy from her was mind-boggling. I found out later that the message never got delivered to my friends. Instead, they searched for another half hour without being told. I have never seen such a poorly run, poorly operated, poorly equipped and poorly trained staff. The hotel is an embarassment, and I would recommend any other place than this. A vary sad fact is that if you want quant, this is it. If you want service, a Motel 6 or Super 8 has this place beat. I hope sincerely that the owner of the hotel reads this review and looks into what his/her hotel has become.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location So So Rooms I used this site to pick the King George and got a low cost rate. I have a feeling their rack rates are high and then they discount heavily, to give the impression you are getting a bargain. The location can't be faulted. It is central to everything, and within say, 200 metres to the cable cars, Union square and major shops on Powell St. The staff were efficient and friendly. The rooms are tiny just the bed and a chair or two and a writing table. Separate bathroom and full bath. No air conditioning just a fan. It was very hot the 3 days I was there in September because the wall faced the afternoon sun. Thank goodness I could open the window to cool it down. No mini bar but an in room safe. Usual TV video games etc. The solitary lift in this old building is renovated but can take a while in peak periods. Using the stairs is ok, but hang on they are steep and only fit one person! Heart attack material by the eighth floor! I prefer the Cartwright Hotel for a similar old world renovated style but it is higher up on Sutter St near the Crowne Plaza and Westin. Overall the King George is in a great location with so so small rooms. They are clean and tidy, fine for a quick stopover or business trip but nothing to write home about.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommend I was staying in the hotel for one week. I could get a room for 85$ per day. As required, I got a quiet room (it was at the very end of the 4th floor). The room was relatively small, but well equipped. I think the price of 85$ cannot be beaten by any other hotel around. Hotel staff acted very professional. Would go there again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Albuquerque_NMGeezer
<Content>A Great Deal   showReview(1272373, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad   showReview(1269923, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tjh17
<Content>Great Decor, Great Staff, Great Value!!!   showReview(1149263, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theboyb
<Content>Good location, Poor rooms   showReview(1135921, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!   showReview(1118678, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cbach74
<Content>Great value!   showReview(1108800, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel!   showReview(1040773, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super location, great staff!   showReview(933011, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cozy   showReview(907571, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Union Square Location   showReview(739072, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21745235, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas mal   showReview(20550703, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Pablito75
<Content>Ottima posizione per visitare la citt   showReview(20026638, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Komme wieder hierher   showReview(20550702, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausgezeichnetes Preis-Leistungsverhltnis   showReview(20550701, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Economico tipico e in posizione perfetta   showReview(20550704, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona posizione, non bisogna avere molte pretese   showReview(19633492, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BELLO E COMODO!!!   showReview(19633491, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>si je retourne  San Francisco je choisirai cet hotel   showReview(19633490, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ci tornerei se tornassi a san francisco   showReview(19633489, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sofort wieder   showReview(19633487, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous le conseillons  tous!!   showReview(19633485, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wuerde ich immer wieder buchen   showReview(19633484, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien pla et agrable   showReview(19633482, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon rapporto qualit prezzo   showReview(19633479, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Im Herzen San Frans   showReview(19633486, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral gelegenes Stadthotel   showReview(19633483, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Semplice ma ideale per girare San Francisco   showReview(19633488, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto cordiali   showReview(19633480, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trs sympa, et bien plac !   showReview(18525615, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(18525614, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs bien plac mais environnement bruyant   showReview(18525613, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Individuelles Hotel mit im Zentrum   showReview(18525612, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas emball   showReview(18525611, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlswerte zentral gelegene preis - werte Unterkunft   showReview(18525606, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage   showReview(17432627, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klein aber fein   showReview(17432626, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Lage - kleines Zimmer   showReview(17432625, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(17432624, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(16584788, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder! Gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verhltnis!   showReview(16584789, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kikiche
<Content>Propre et bien situ   showReview(16473578, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posione eccezionale   showReview(16584787, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons lors de notre prochain sjour   showReview(16584786, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19170873, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien sympa !   showReview(15564594, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs correct   showReview(15564592, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ganz ok   showReview(15564593, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15564591, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19170115, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Centralissimo   showReview(13982806, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ist nicht schlecht!   showReview(13193074, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(13193073, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel im Herzen der Stadt   showReview(11302940, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien, sans etre top, et tres bien situ   showReview(11302939, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione ideale e buon rapporto qualita prezzo   showReview(11659507, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carine0072
<Content>Hotel bien situ   showReview(8755803, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	1	2	1	3	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vecchio stile!   showReview(11302938, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Tipp fr San Francisco   showReview(11437468, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?..   showReview(21802524, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(21802288, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kleine Zimmer aber ausgezeichnete Lage   showReview(11391055, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Hotel im Zentrum   showReview(11351630, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheBepst
<Content>Bel emplacement. Petit-djeuner  viter   showReview(5801657, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ravis   showReview(11351629, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(21801155, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19157457, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>King George Hotel   showReview(19155967, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

