<Author>Graftarian
<Content>Great location but needs modernisation. Location is great - half way between Central Station and Dam Square. There's free internet Access. Rooms are basic and in need of modernisation, but our room was generally clean. Bathroom wasn't particularly hygenic. We went in november and the room was cold at that time of year. Breakfast time wasn't great so best avoided. Also because it's so close to the red light district and its numerous coffee shops, you shouldn't expect a good nights sleep. Expect plenty of fellow travellers making plenty of noise throughout the night.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	3	

<Author>pukupie
<Content>It'll do for budget travellers but be prepared There are a couple of good things to say about this hotel... the best being that there is no curfew and the reception is 24hrs. So no need to worry about getting locked out. The people on the reception were always pretty helpful. It's also close to the station. However, when we entered our room there were holes in the ceiling and although the man who cleans the rooms had just left, it felt and looked so unclean, years worth of ingrained dirt that you probably couldnt even get off with Cillit Bang. Cobwebs and spiders all over the ceiling.There was no toilet roll or towels in the bathroom. Then half an hour after check in while I was in the middle of getting changed, there was a knock on the door and without waiting enough time for anyone to get to the door to open it, a man lets himself into the room with the toilet roll and towels! The towels I could not bring myself to use and went out to buy some. The pillows were not only half the normal size of a pillow but so thin it was hardly worth bothering with and the 'duvet' was about as useful as the pillows.The room was advertised as having a tv ...it did but the tv screen was tiny and the 3 channels it had were so fuzzy that you just couldnt watch it, no matter how much we tried to tune them in better. All in all, if you really dont care and are just looking for a place to crash when you get back from a good night out, then its fine, but in that case you are probably better off getting a private room in a hostel, it'd be cheaper and probably cleaner. If you are looking for something halfway decent dont stay at the Manofa.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	2	

<Author>friedrich88
<Content>Stay away!       This is the so-called double bed.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>JorgePrague
<Content>Not that bad the hotel is not that badi was staying there with my 5 friends and they gave us a 5-bed-room with private bathroom, the room was not lovely, but absolutely good for sleeping after parties in Amsterdamthe best thing is its location - is in the very centry of Amsterdam, so everything is near... we appreciated it when we were returning from clubs (which are absolutely amazing there...)so dont be affraid of mice :))  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>NewtonIsGay
<Content>If you like mice, fire hazards, dirt, grime and soiled matresses then book this! Stayed here on a stag dooooo but it turns out that most of Europe has also stayed there on a stag doooo and the hotel has not bothered to update / fix up the rooms in the last 30 years or so.A friend in my room was awoken in the middle of the night by MICE eating his crisps!In short if you want to stay in the middle of Amsterdam and dont mind dirt, mice, bad rooms (some dont even have windows!!!! honestly, no windows) and fire hazards then stay here. If you value your life / cleanliness then stay somewhere else.The only thing that made staying in the hotel okay was the company! Wobbly Bob and Pete Drug Sponge were a constant distraction from the state of the place!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>cemelda
<Content>Wonderful Time Me and my boyfriend stayed et the Manofa Hotel in Amsterdam. We found the hotel easily although we don't know the city. It is just walking distance to the main station. And the main street of the Manofa Hotel is very crowded and live. Amstrdam is wonderful, you can walk al the city or better, rent a bike. The places are very close to each other and flat so it is easy to ride bikes. Manofa is a little hotel like the others. Rooms are relly small. This is the typical problem. All the buildings are seriously small, you can wash your hands one by by. The room dosen't exist a bathroom. But thankfully my boyfriend requested the hotel for a room closer to the bath room and they gave us the closest room. Thanks for that. Rooms are really small, beds are not so clean, but really very big. When you enter the room, the bed is all of the room. You can barely move in the room with the luggages. The only bed thing was the breakfast. It was prepared at some diner place under the hotel. There wasn't much thing to eat, we thought that staying in a only bed hotel was a better idea than bb. Besides there are lots of nice places for coffe, waffles and some other kind of eateries on the main street of Manofa. Damrak is the most central place in Amsterdam. So location of hotel was great.Reception was very helpful about the directions, places and other infomation. It was a nice, cheap, centrally located hotel.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	2	

<Author>bobbyosullivan
<Content>A home away from home! I freaked out after i booked 8 nights in the hotel then stumbled across this website- but all was well, it's just 3 mins away from the central station so no dragging your stuff across town, staff will mind your bags if you arrive too early, we were put on the top floor-yes there steep but your in amsterdam don't be so lazy, the walls could do with a fresh coat but who cares your there to see the city, none of us ever made it to breakfast so can't comment on that, you can smoke in the room,we told the cleaners that we didn't need any cleaning for the week from fear of having our sfuff robbed due to the reviews but they still left clean towels every day(and took nothing!), a toilet for men/women and then another toilet opposite this for women only- which i did not understand! staff were helpful when the door wouldn't read the keycard once or twice. Four of us stayed in a 4-bed-room which was about e27 each a night cheapest you'll find anywhere in Amsterdam other than sharing a room with 20 strangers in a hostle that is. No rats no mice but then again we left no food on the floor(and no bedbugs!). Another friend came with us and got an ensuite room to themselves which was nearly e60 a night which wasn't really worth it(you can get single rooms in a 2star for 50). But if your travelling in groups this is the place to go.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>UF45
<Content>Not bad at all, I would stay there again. I went with a group of friends and i would stay there again. This place was nothing even close to what we were used to but for a group of young men just wanting to have fun it was not bad at all. The beds were clean, we had clean towels everyday. The rooms were very old, and in the shape of a hostel but i didn't expect anything more. The front desk and russian maid were friendly during the day, but at night I would lock up your bags when you leave the room. We didn't have any problems, but you can never be too safe.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	5	2	4	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>ShaunaByrne_
<Content>Omg worst hotel ever!!! This is the worst hotel ever!! We arrived Monday to a dump of a hotel..And we got a load of grief off the staff to pay for the room even tho it had been charged on credit card already!!My friends arrived 4+ hrs earlier and had to walk around Amsterdam Central lugage with dem untill 12.30 because the could not check in until then..Friends also paid extra for a room with shower/toilet and only got the room for 1 nigh and got moved to the basement for the second nigh..The rooms are so old like the paint or wat ever yad call it is suposed to b white i think n its like cream n yellow..The lane down the side of the hotel had like [---]on d window n i mean proper [----]!!! The wardrobes are like somethin from the 1800s!! Jus dont go to this hotel..Its far from the 2 star it was rated!! Not worth a free night in it!!The location was the best thing about eh!!Shocking Hotel!!!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>JayjayCM
<Content>Great location Stayed here for 3 nights. There were 3 lads in total and we stayed in the triple room here. We arrived to find a very basic style room with old furniture and wallpaper. After a couple hours of settling in we actually grew to like this room. There were 3 large windows that opened up and overlooked the main Damrak street. This was a great view and had a window ledge below all the windows which was useful for putting stuff on or sitting on whilst you stared out onto the street. We could not have asked for a better location. Central station was literally at the top of the road (5 minute walk). The famous Grasshoppers coffee shop and restaurant was literally across the road and the red light district was about 3 streets away. I would recommend that you try out a bar named 鈥淭EASERS鈥? This is about 3 hotels down from the Manofa. We spent all night in there. Theres fit waitresses that serve you drinks all night and there sound girls. We spent all night chatting to them and eventually dancing with them. We are planning to come back here and most likely will request this room again as its ideal. The shower was always working and powerful. The bathroom was not dirty it was crystal clean and I do believe looked like a new toilet and basin. Personally I would recommend this hotel for groups of lads as the location is ideal. I would not recommend this hotel for people who are picky about where they stay. If you are picky we spotted a nice looking hotel named the Tulip Inn not too far from here. Looked rather posh.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	5	2	

<Author>jackherer33
<Content>it has to be said this place is a dive this place is an absolute dump. decievingly clean lobby, staircases that lead to, well nowhere! didnt try the food cant complain about the location i would stay again if nowhere else was availabl any old port in a storm as they say  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beardlarden
<Content>what a view, nextdoors windows a 4 bed economy room,thats it apart from the 7ft by 3ft wardrobe, and 1 chair, no tv, kettle, glasses, and one strange thing you cant close the curtain as it was 3ft shorter than the window, but this did not matter as we were on the first floor and we overlooked a 5 foot wide alley way. knew when i booked that the toilet and bathroom were on the same landing, but what they did not mention, was that you have to go up 13 stairs to get to THE same landing ? Good points, the location, the staff, a good shower, and best for me and me mates is smoker friendly. bad points, not too clean, cold hotel, small and very basic, to get to front desk first you must climb everest (about 42 steep steps) . I would only recommend this hotel to stag/hen nighters. me and the friends i was with agree that its our first and only stay here  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>Mr_Tat2
<Content>Disappointed,won't be staying here again       nice curtain  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>oddjobly
<Content>Great on a budget if you like wildlife and adventure! Well we were on a stag weekend so i wasnt expecting much! but it fell short even of them! the stairs were steep getting steeper and smaller as you went up the floors, it started with nice carpet then threadbare and then lino to no carpet , bare boards and then holes in the floor big enough to get your foot through!!The rooms were compact , god knows what the stains in the bedding were! but the linen was sort of clean!Bathrooms luckily ours were en suite, drains stunk all the time making for an unpleasant time when we were sober!The mice were active so dont have food in your room, breakfast downstairs made us laughin the open kitchen area where the chef was juggling between his mobile phone and having a cigarette dropping his ash on the food and making the nice fresh bread on the shop counter without any form of hygene!! We decided against the breakfast!The one plus point the Manofa had going for it was that the location was fantastic for everything!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThisNameIsTakenAh
<Content>Not that bad at all! After reading all the reviews I was dubious about going to the hotel last month. The hotel is very, very, very cheap. I paid 拢65 to stay there for 4 nights, which works out as 拢16 a night. For this I thought it was going to be awful, but, our room was clean, the shower was hot and the bathroom was in a good condition. The main problem with our room was that it was a bit dingy- this was because the window faced onto another hotel which you could practically step across too, and there were some strange marks on the wallpaper by the door! The staff were friendly, and we arrived early and flew out very late- they let us keep our bags in reception. Our room was even ready before check in. I will be honest, we heard rumours of mice- but I never saw/heard any!The location is excellent, if your on a tight budget i would give it a try.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>mollieblue
<Content>An absolute DUMP!!       dirty dump!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>tkrysiak
<Content>Central but depressing...       Stylish Furniture  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	4	3	1	

<Author>MacDutch
<Content>Location, breakfast, location, but only that!!!       Wardrobe door in our room  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>kingofpro
<Content>get what u pay for This hotel is not the ritz but its location and prices were good i knew it wasnt the best from the reviews i had read prior to going but all i was looking for was a clean bed and a decent shower and thats what i got i have to admit the room could have done with a make over. We did not have any mice trouble and niether did the other people that i spoke to maybe we were lucky!!! the staff were freindly, the food wasnt the best but then again ur paying cheap prices to stay in the heart of amsterdam. if ur looking for mod cons forget it  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>wulviken
<Content>Not as bad as I feared Hotel Manofa is located in Damrak street, only a 500 meters from the central station. After what we have heard about this hotel in advance (rats everywhere and crappy rooms) we feared the worst. But it was not as bad as that. The first impression was very good, the staff was very friendly and the lobby was relatively nice. As most small hotels in Amsterdam it was quite narrow and the hallways and stairs suffered from that. Small and narrow. The rooms were OK, but smelled kind of funky, a weired mixture of alcohol and old socks... Another thing was that there were almost no light in one of the rooms, probably because most of the light bulbs were disappeared.... In one of the lamps we also found a small bag of something, perhaps magic mushrooms or an old space cake. Apart from this the rooms seemed to be just fine! Except for the mouse and rats of course, we heard them every night, but we never saw them. When we looked beneath the wardrobe we saw a lot of mouse crap which did not look very nice. But the room had no mouse holes or any other small holes so I doubt that those small [-] could get in to the room itself, they keep in the walls. The best thing about the hotel was the location, close to the red light district, central station and dam square. The price was also very good, we paid 515 euro for five persons for three nights.The worst things were the smelly rooms which seemed to be out of air every morning, even with open windows and the missing light bulbs during the whole stay. The mice did not bother us, but it could be kind of creepy for more sensitive people. It is most certainly NOT the place you bring your girlfriend for a romantic stay. But for people who want to party and do not care about if or where they sleep, it is excellent.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	4	4	1	

<Author>eyelashmcd
<Content>twas grand!!!! was grand! staff were friendly and hotel was grand!! there was no mice!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>WilliWonka
<Content>If ever the phrase "you get what you pay for" rang any truer... Two great things about this hotel: The Location, The Price.I have nothing else good to say about it! I figured that I would 'go budget' as I had the evening planned and new that all I needed was a clean bed to lie in for a few hours. This was the cheapest deal on a reputable website. Wish I had read the reviews first. It wasn't worth the pittance I paid for it!Tiny room (about as tall as me) room maybe one foot longer than the bed, horrible plain wallpaper, plastic garden furniture chair, tiny bathroom, blocked sink, bad smell, make your own bed.....Horrible lay out to the hotel too - it felt like a fire trap.And the rest of the clientelle seemed to be in Amsterdam just to get stoned judging by their eyes.Spend a few Euro's more and go somewhere less dingy.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	2	2	1	

<Author>rebbeccaToronto
<Content>Still dealing with them I booked directly through hotel online, when i looked at the pics, it looked descent, when I got there i could not believe how disgusting it was...NEVER STAY THERE!!! it was not clean, the room door didnt even seem secure...the breakfast was a joke, stale bread (in europe unbelievable) we needed to leave and come back early and the hotel promised to return the rest of money on my credit card even gave me written proof of this, still they have not honoured this.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>NoDoubterChris
<Content>Not Bad at All. After reading all of the reviews about this place, I've decided to write my own. I just got back from 5 weeks in Europe. This place was actually one of our favorites. First of all, no, it isn't the best place to stay at. If you are traveling though, shouldn't you be out of your room exploring. We basically just used the place to sleep and bathe. The breakfast was decent compared to all other places we stayed at. It was as many bread rolls, meat, cheese, eggs, jam, coffee, oj, apple j as you wanted. There were no mice of any sorts throughout the place. The room we had booked was occupied so they ended up putting us on the very top room. It was great. Very roomy, beds were clean and comfy. We had a sink in the room and bathroom in the hall. The decorations weren't nice but who needs decorations in a hotel when you have a gorgeous city all around you. The people at the front desk were extremely nice and helful. Our friend got sick on our stay and the lady managed to get a doctor to come to us. This is a great place for younger adults or adults who don't plan on staying in their room the whole time.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Scotsguy5
<Content>Manofa - good in parts Hotel had great location on Damrak but would be more suited to young people who don't care what the hotel is like. The staff were very friendly -breakfast was OK in the restaurant below.Carpets in the hotel were stained and the corridors quite smelly.The room was dingy - few lights worked - light switches loose - bathroom hairdryer had bare wires and was held together with insulating tape. No toiletries provided, except a soap dispenser of the type you expect in public toilets.Beds were clean - housekeeping came every day but youwere only allowed ne towel each and no bath mat.The floor in the room was laminated but had spaces where it had moved due to poor fitting.if you are a back packer or a young couple just looking for VERY basic this hotel is fine.Older people or special visits dont go here.Can't comment on stairs as we were on first floor - which was fine.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>BelfastBro
<Content>Hell Myself and my sisters and niece have just returned from 3 days at this hotel and i would definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone no matter how desperate you are. When we got there and checked in and climbed 4 flights of stairs the room was alright (old fashioned and a bit smelly)and was prepared to stay there until a mouse ran over my foot. We went to reception and the girl was nice enough and moved us to another room. I know this is a budget hotel (all we could get) but i would definitely spend more money next time for a better hotel. Had previously stayed in the Ramada last year in one of their star rooms this hotel was fab would recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>bongo1st
<Content>Very much a budget hotel Stayed here on the 24th Aug 2007 for 3 nights, having read the previous reviews I can honestly say that they are pretty correct on what they say. The hotel recepionist were pleasant, the bed linen and towels were clean, the towels were changed every day. The stairs were very steep and winding and on the the 3rd floor where we were staying the sairs there had no carpet, on the landing there was a hole in he floor in one of the corners. During our stay we had a visit from mice, although we didn`t see them a packet of unopened biscuits had been opened with teeth marks in them, the room itself was pretty shabby stains on the wall grafitti in the wardrobe although shower was ok with hot water . Oh forgot to mention avoid the breakfast, you have been warned I was on a stag weekend with a group of 10 other lads so luckily i didn`t spend much time in the room, so although the hotel was terrible the location was pretty good, 200yards from central station and 2minute walk to the bars etc in the red light area. So if you have a very low budget and don`t mind steep stairs, extra guests (mice) and shabby rooms then go right ahead but for me I would look elsewhere  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Tumpty
<Content>Wot no Mice? Its cheap and cheerful is the Hotel Manofa, but then it doesn't pretend to be anything else. This is not a hotel you would want to put your family up in. However, if you are in town for the nightlife, then the Manofa is just a little short of ideal. The bedding and the room were clean. The decor was in need of updating and a lick of paint would not have gone a miss, but at these prices what can you expect. I think the hotel has some lordy ambitions if it thinks it is going to get a two star rating next year. Perhaps the effective use, or indeed any use of an hoover outside of the rooms might help.What is all this nonsense about mice and rats? No sign of such creatures, although it was clear that the potential problem had been acknowledged by the patrons, who insist that no food is allowed in the rooms.In short then, if you are town for anothing other than partying, perhaps the Manofa is not for you.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>dankevel
<Content>not as bad as imagined. Just returned from a 3 night stay at Hotel Manofa. Having read the previous reviews atfer I had booked, was a bit worried about what I would find. The hotel is easy to find just a couple of minutes walk from central station. The receptionist on arrival was very pleasant and welcomed us to the hotel. The stairs going up to the room were very steep and winding but there was no loose carpet. The carpet on the landings did have some weird stains and needed to be replaced. Our room was on the top floor. We had a room with 3 single beds and en suite bathroom. We had satelite tv. The sheets and towels were very clean and changed daily. Wooden floors in the room which were clean. No sign of any rats or other creatures. I would not reccommend this hotel for a romantic break but for somewhere to sleep after a busy day in Amsterdam its fine.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>JOJOJOUk
<Content>The Worst Hotel Manofa, Damrak? Avoid at all costs. The photos on the website are completely different from the gross room we stayed in. Electricity cut out on the last night so we were in complete darkness with no TV and no shower on our level. Staff didnt want to hear about it. I cant believe theyre still in business. People must be desperate!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paul_daly
<Content>The Worst Hotel in the World Do not stay in this Hotel! I booked this hotel directly with their website. When we saw the room we could not believe our eyes. The level of hygiene was awful. We refused to stay in this hotel and tried to get our money back but the hotel refused! If we had booked with a hotel agency we would have been able to reclaim some of the money but since we booked directly they refused. We have travelled to many places in the world and have stayed in many low budget places. But if I was given the room for free I still would not have stayed there!! So don鈥檛 ruin your holiday in this filth pit. Rude and ignorant staff do not help its reputation!Dr. P Daly  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>TUGBOATANNIE
<Content>this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. we stayed 2 nights . On the second night we had water coming through the ceiling from the shower unit of the people in the room above,we were on the first floor. The rooms were very basic and my husband said it was like a kennel. The bedding and towels were clean its only saving grace. would not reccomend this hotel to anyone. The stairs to each floor were dangerous. The only reason we stayed was we only had 2 nights in amsterdam and after our journey did not want to start looking for alternatives.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>DAM1
<Content>TERRIBLE! Rather sleep on a bench in the street! This is the worst hotel that I have ever come across! Rooms dirty, carpets on the staircase dodgy! almost broke my neck! Also mice in the rooms!! Yuck! That's got to be wrong! How does this hotel get any starts at all?!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Nick1122
<Content>Not bad at all This place is wicked, cant see why people are going on about mice i couldnt see anything. Actually a clean place and good location and worth what i paid for it!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Mat789
<Content>Shockingly bad, stay away My title sais it all, wouldnt like to waste any more time explaining how bad this place is, would not let the dog sleep on their beds, on booking I thought the location (its only good point) might make up for much of the bed press, it didnt, nearly the worst dive I ever stayed in, certainly is by price, and I have spend much time in the 3rd world, STAY AWAY!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	2	1	

<Author>EdinburghButterfly
<Content>not bad at all Stayed at this hotel from the 23 april until 26 april. Was a bit paranoid after reading other reviews but thought one persons review out of 50, 60 people that stay their every week might not give the best overview. My partner and me had the room right behind the reception desk cant remember number. This was great as we did not need to climb those dreaded stairs. A bit on the noisey side but we just put tv on to drown out any noise. After spending most of our time in the coffee shops i think they could have had a party on the landing and we wouldnt have bothered. ON the whole the room is worth what you pay clean but basic.Cant comment on breakfast didnt make it on time.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>janabananatorquay
<Content>in the dam the staircase was narrow in places and dangerous.Our room,401 was adequate but with no t.v. or safe as promised when booked.There were 4 potential areas by my bed to seriously bang your head,the main one being a work-top with a square sharp corner right above my pillow.The shower was broken and very temperamental (boilng hot or very tepid).Breakfast was poor, rolls a mouthful,coffee served in a carafe andstaff completely unattentive.However the reception team wre very helpful.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jonny5Star
<Content>Do NOT stay here!!!! MICE EVERYWHERE!!! I stayed in the Hotel Maofa for one night last week (was supposed to be for 3 nights) with a group of 4 friends. I can safely say that this has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. There were at least 6 mice running around the room in the night, mice droppings everywhere, dirty pillows, dirty sheets, no where to hang up your clothes and the staff were rude. We explained that we were not happy with the room and the manager explained that we would not be getting any refund at all, and the best thing we could do was tell the police!We weren't the only people in reception complaining so it wasn't just our room.In my opinion this hotel should be closed down as it is in breach of every health and safety law I can think of.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lainy568
<Content>I dont usual believe review...but believe these Just returned from a 3night stay in the manofa. I had read these reviews before i left and didnt take them too seriously as mostly all reviews are bad, maybe 1 out of 1000 stays etc...but after arrivin in our very shabby room, which had no sun light getting in as it was facing an ally, which i could put up with the fact that it got cleaned once i can put up with for a 1 star hotel, but having to share my room with mice i cannot put up with. On our last night we seen a mouse runnin around the room and behind the radiator, and after the guy from reception came and tried to scare it away because sorry we have no rooms avilable to move you we had to stay in the room that night with mice that came back after the hotel guy had went away! So i decided to speak to the manager of the hotel in the morning to be told its a common problem in amsterdam hmmmmm maybe in the hotel...  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	3	3	1	

<Author>finkfloydman
<Content>Served it's purpose A friend and I recently stayed at the Manofa for just one night. We are regular travellers to Amsterdam as we are English Ajax supporters. This was the first time we had used this hotel as we got a great rate using easy to book.com 25 euro's each for the night. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and allowed us to leave our bags in reception as we had a late flight back.The room was very basic but clean and functional. Beds were clean and comfortable and I could find no evidence of nasty little creatures. The toilet/shower room was clean and soap was provided. The water was hot and powerful. The only bizarre thing in our room was the big step up from the bedroom into the toilet, it was around 12 inches in height so if you have had a few beers watch it!. The breakfast was a bit of a disappointment even for a Euro buffet. Usual fare of cold meats and cheese etc. Rolls were in plastic toy boxes and were quite heavy and as other reviewers pointed out, you had to take pot luck with the coffee as it was served up in a carafe and went like lightening. We didn't get any.Also, what food there was soon ran out and wasn't replaced so if you have had a bit of a late night you were going to be out of luck. At 10 o'clock everything was cleared away in an instant. Still, I guess we couldn't complain too much for 25 euro's. The hotels big plus point is it's location. Right on the Damrak a stones throw from Centraal station, the red light district and Dam square. So would we stay here again? Yes probably if we got the same rate but no more than a couple of nights.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Christine1984
<Content>Good Value, Excellent Location. Well i was dreading going to Hotel Manofa, most of the reviews were awful, but our stay was surprisingly nice.We stayed on the second floor in a Quad room, which wasnt't huge, but seens as we were only there for 3 days it was sufficient to our needs. The room was clean and smelt ok and the beds were freshly made. We didnt sample the food from downstairs as we were not up in time!!!!!!!!!!!The staff at the hotel were very friendly and seemed happy to help, they were also do not mind you leaving your cases there on the day you leave. We weren't flying out till 10 at night, but we kept our cases in reception all day. Also they have an iron that they dont mind you using.The location was perfect, we were close to everything (train station, fast food restaurants, Cafes, Canal rides, Pubs).I would definately go to Amsterdam again, and would stay in this Hotel again  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Georgiarose
<Content>Great Location Scarily Bad Rooms To be fair the location was excellent and the beds very comfy and the rooms were clean ( I did not check the mattress for bug activity). The room safes could not be used though so you had to leave stuff at reception. However the first night we were put in a room with two singles which can best be describes as a converted corridor. Room 215 more suitable for two blokes than a married middle aged couple. It was next to the stair well and the stairs were in constant use all night. Howvere the staff made every effort to move us to a more suitable room the following morning. The staff at this hotel are the jewels in the crown. They were excellent in every way. We had a late departure and they looked after our bag and kept our travel documents in the safe until we ready to leave Amsterdam. If the staff had not been so good I would have moved after the first night. Breakfast was interesting! It was served in the restaurant below the hotel and was as expected a basic bread rolls and cheese and ham. However whereas the hotel staff were excellent the reastaurant staff were awful. The rolls were keept in huge plastic toy box type containers and were mauled by all and sundry. The coffee was put in a wine carafe and not replenished until empty so you had to wait for an unsuspecting guest to empty the cold contents so you could grab a hot one. Plates were not put out and the presentation was shocking. I would only recommend this hotel to young people who are going to Amsterdam to party not for tourist type guests who may want to spend a few hours recharging their batteries in their hotel because this is one hotel you would not want to hang out at.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>revolutionist
<Content>not as bad as other reviews Hotel Manofa is not a bad hotel the staff were very helpfull and so were the cleaning crew. The rooms did not have rats or anything if you have read the other reveiws. It is a very good hotel as it is right near the red light district and walking distance frm most coffee shops. The only thing they need to do is redecarate the walls and ceilings. Its a good hotel for you and your friends to go and pass out and smoke bare zoots.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>bcairns
<Content>Not as bad as people make out this is a good hotel to stay in IF theres 5 or 6 of you and you dont mind what its like aslong as theres clean sheets and a shower, we stayed for 3 nights and never encountered the dreaded bed bugs or any mice, even though there was food on the floor for 3 days straight, our room wasnt cleaned once but we did get clean towels when we asked, we had no problem bringing people up to the room either at all hours of the night. So if your goin away for a few days with a group of people on a bit of a session then the hotel manofa is perfect, i would not recommend it for anything else though.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	5	1	3	2	1	

<Author>happyscouser
<Content>dont believe pictures on web site Don't believe the pictures on the web page,we were very disapointed when we arrived at the hotel. The inside was very shabby and smelly, i don't think the carpets had been cleaned for months.The room was very basic, but to be fair the bedding and towels were clean,the bath room was ok except for the shower curtian. The one thing the hotel did have to offer was a great location, you were only walking distance from all the main attractions. As others have said you only get what you pay for. But what a great place Amsterdam is!!!The happy scouser.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>musomartz
<Content>NOT GOOD!! I have renamed this hotel The Hotel Manawful!!The decor in this hotel is very, very shabby. Sorry, that is an understatement. There are cleanliness issues and the room I stayed in was as basic as I have ever experienced. The furniture was old and falling apart, the beds had no headboards and bed bases were uncovered and grubby. If you are scared of lifts then come here! You can climb it's many twisting, narrow staircases all day! Not all rooms have en suite bathrooms, mine did fortunately! On the positive side it is central and the pillows were very soft. My room was facing the front onto main street which was noisy but it didn't bother me much. If you want no frills and the backpackers appeal that this hotel has then this is the place for you. It is cheap but I don't think it represents value for money. Check out fire exits and escape route.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>duffnuts
<Content>Mice The only thing this place had going for it was a decent Dutch breakfast in the morning. The rooms look good, but don't be surprised to wake up to mice running around the room, on the window sills, or even on the beds! I would suggest finding another place to stay, unless you are desperate.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	3	1	

<Author>annih
<Content>Not as bad as you may think       Room 114  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Hungara
<Content>If you like little animals.... THERE WAS A RAT IN OUR ROOM!!! And I've read that other people have seen rats too....so...I don't recomend this hotel at all! For the money I paid it was ok, not dirty and well situated...the breakfast (jam and cheese sandwiches, cereals, toasts...) was ok...but...I don't like rats so much...If you don't mind to sleep with little animals...  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ahhh...ok I did not have reservations for a hotel when I arrived in Amsterdam. Manofa was the first hotel I found with a decent price in a good location. My room was luckily on the first floor. The room itself was small and smelled of saltwater or sweat the television did not work and the only view was of an alley. The wc was public and extremely cramped. The shower took a very long time to get hot and the area in front of the shower there was about four inches of water you had to tip-toe through at all times. The staff was extremely friendly throughout the night. I had terrible jet-lag and met most of the employees. As I stayed only one night, I did not meet this dreaded cleaning person, nor did I encounter any mice, rats, or roaches. All in all just hotel was just ok, not special. I would advise only young people to stay here  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Stay Here Oh my god where do i start. There were 4 flights of stairs, no elevators. When we did manage to climb to the room i was disgusted.It wasn't fit for dogs. the rooms were small, smelled of must and looked like a place ud see on TV where some drug deal was goin down..The sheets were white with brown the same as the towels. when the windows were cosed there was still an inch of a gap between them and the frame. There was no fire escape where we were on the 4th flour and outside the window were boards with nails, so if the smoke didn't kill ya the nails would. i have never seen anything like this before. We got our money back thankfully with no questions asked after seeing 3 more rooms which were the same. The receptionist handed over the money like this wasn't the first time.and after all that when i come home i find they have deducted 95 euros from my credit card.NOT IMPRESSED.So be warned people please stay away. this place should be closed down  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lamer
<Content>Middle of May - 6 Days       Hotel Manofa Across Damrak  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>andrepma7
<Content>Is it called a hotel??? I stayed at Manofa during my first trip to Amsterdam, and i had a 8 night worst experience of my life, the room was tiny, and had an overview to a very noisy street right on the left side of the hotel. The staff was just ok, however, my sheets were changed only on the last day. The hotel is old and not clean at all. I would say it麓s nasty, disgusting, really crappy, i would recomend for every human being who cares about health to stay at least three blocks away from that hotel.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its alright....but there are mice I stayed here from the 6th - 11th of April 2006.After booking this hotel i found this site and started reading all the reviews before i went on holiday, and was totally regretting my purchase. It got so bad that even one of my friends threatened no to go as these reviews were so bad. Anyways we managed to convince him to come.I went with 4 friends(all male and under 20)and as it was the first time we were all on holiday without parents, we were a bit anxious. When we stepped off the train at Central Station we realised none of us actually knew where the hotel was. We traveled down most of the main roads and found the hotel after about 40 minutes. (Its not far at all just go left when you go out the front doors and walk down the biggest road.)When we got to the reception, all though everything was fine with the booking, both receptionists that were working at the time were very moody and were not at all helpful or cheerful.Turned out our room was on the top floor(I think it was 415). The hike up the stairs takes it out of you and especially when full of beer. The room itself was alright, everything was clean and spacious and although there was 5 of us we had six beds, dont know why???? The view from our window showed the entire Damrakk, good spot for smoking a joint just as you go to bed. The room looked like it had just been given the quickest of coats in the most horrible orange colour.Toilets are very small and for some reason on the top floor one toilet can be used by both males and females and another can be used by just females. I took 2 poos in the girls toilets as i didnt see why they should be any different from us blokes. The showers are a bit unpredictable sometimes cold, but if you get in when they are warm its nice a bit of mould on the ceiling and try to take the least amount of things into the showers with you as puddles collect on the floor.Its safe to say that i dont think that there was any bed bugs as i didnt feel any bites and have come away spot free.However like the previous reviewer stated there are mice. We didnt notice them the first 3 nights, but the first night that i didnt drink alcohol i was kept up till about 6 'o clock. Heard some rustling near the bin, switched on the light and there were two mice on the floor. Sorry no pictorial evidence as they are fast little rodents. My tip is thought if you do eat food in you room try to make as little mess as possible and put all your rubbish in the bin and just before you go to sleep, tie up the bin and put it outside.The cleaner is a total tool. He knocks on your door and as soon as you open it he runs in and starts shouting for you to get up, so if you have the balls just tell him to piss off. He seemed to wear the same clothes everyday - not very clean. I think the higher your room is the later you will have your room cleaned, as we were on the top floor we got out rooms cleaned everyday at about 1 o'clock. Also i got revenge as i spewed into the sink that was in our room and he had to unblock it. Rock n roll.The only thing that went missing while we were there, was a girls pair of shoes who was invited back to our room. One of my mates ended up giving her a pair of skating shoes, as none of the staff were helpful.Ok well i hope this review was helpful, i will probably stay there again as its cheap as chips and i dont mind mice.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Show At first i was surprised when we arrived as the room had no traces of bugs or anything unwanted. Until 3rd and 4th night when we saw two rats scurrying around the room. When notified the cleaner he just told us that it was an old building so that was to be expected. Breakfast quite rubbish, ended up making cheese and ham rolls when i bothered going. Beer at bar very expensive.No TV in room as was advertised and no safe deposit box. Me and my friends just carried anything of value with us at all times as past reviews had told of things going missing. Definitely won't be staying here again  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mice, Mice, Mice Where do i start???Three friends, my partner and I stayed in this hotel from the 30th March till the 3rd April. We had made changes to our booking and had this confirmed by the hotel manager. Upon arrival, we were informed that we had only been allocated a four bedroom room, for the five of us! They did reduce the cost slightly, but this shouldnt have happened in the first place. So, we go upto our room, 211, and the first thing that strikes you is the fact that the hotel looks nothing like it does in the pictures on the website. The lights next to the mirror on the wall did not work and the safe under the table, had no code to open.We were slightly annoyed the following morning by the obnoxious cleaner that knocks on your door at 10am so that he can clean our room. This was most annoying as on a break you should be able to have a lie-in and the cleaners should come in when you have left of your own accord! Upon returning to our room later that same day all of our bags and clothes had been moved accross the room and my friend had had 70 Euros taken out of his hold all in the bed room. We searched high and low and could not find this money and could only put it down to the cleaners helping themselves to a tip!!!!Obviously, after this we carried all of our valuables on us, but how safe do YOU feel walking through the City of Amsterdam with your wallet/cash and passport all upon your person.On the second day we were moved to room 300, up another flight of steep, crooked stairs, this room was bigger and to pay the hotel a small compliment, the towels and bed linen was changed daily.This room was a little better, (so we thought), as it was slightly larger and my partner and I could seperate a bed away from my friends!But, that evening after being in town we returned with a takeaway, to mop up the excess alcohol in our systems! We had all settled down and most of us were asleep, when my partner started hearing noises near the Takeaway packages. She awoke myself and my friend and we sat up listening, there was a rustling sound. We just sat on our bedas looking at this paper bag moving on the side, when all of a sudden a mouse fell out of the bag and scuttled accross the floor. This scared my partner immensely and she did not sleep a wink that night, which also meant that neither did I!The following morning at 7am I went to the reception and informed them that we had mice in our room and they really didnt seem phased. It was as though this was a regular occurrance and that i was just another one that was complaining!The people on the reception informed me that they could change us rooms but they could not guarentee that this would not happen again, as Amsterdam is built around so much water! I was not happy but didnt really have any choice as we had already paid for this hotel!I returned to my room to break the news to my friends that there is not much they can do, when the obnoxious cleaner turned up and filled the hole that he thought the mice were coming out of with pollyfiller. We tried to inform this gentleman that we thought that they were coming from behind the radiators and he just laughed and said that mice are all over Amsterdam.The following evening, i was obviously shattered as i had had no sleep the night before, my friend could not sleep as he had seen the mice again, personnally i did not see them this night, but by the shattered look on my friends face i could tell that he had been awake all night!The restaurant was nice, but the breakfast was not, we only utilised the services for a coffee in the morning to get us through the resty of the day due to extreme tiredness.All in all, i would not stay in this hotel again, i came away from my weekend break more tired than when we went. Thoroughly dishappointing!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Tripadvsr
<Content>Bed Bugs! I was reading the other reviews posted about this hotel, especially the ones that said it was not so bad, and had to add my own, especially as the problems with this hotel are serious. Upon arriving at the Amsterdam train station, we were approached by a man offering a hotel with good prices. The hotel had an impossible staircase if you have luggage that can not be easily carried. We got to our room (big windows, no curtains) which was oddly furnished with old beds, and began unpacking. Within an hour or so, we noticed the bed bugs. Although they are not suppose to come out until later at night, they were evidently hungry as they were everywhere! We immediately packed up, and got out of there as fast as we could. We went to the reception, and asked for our two nights money back. They said that they were not going to do this, despite the hotel being infested. We managed to get one night's refund, but only manually written on a slip, as they would not process it right away and told us that this was how it would be done. We were moved to another wing (the stairs again) which seemed okay. We were also told to check through our luggage to make sure we did not have any bugs in it, which we did. However, as bed bugs spread rapidly, I am not sure that this wing of the hotel will stay clean, especially if they move guests from one to the other.As we were exhausted from the moving, we barely saw Amsterdam that day.When we arrived home, within a few weeks, something began to bite during the night. The bugs had gotten into my luggage, and I managed to carry the infestation home with me. To add to that, the refund was never put through on my credit card! Overall, the stay cost us endless amounts of energy ( took a month to rid my house of the bugs)and worry and even more money (exterminator, no refund...). DO NOT GO TO THIS INFESTED HOTEL! The people who claimed it was okay got lucky. It is in no way worth it!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Kia0
<Content>A romantic weekend in Amsterdam Extremely basic!!! Asked for a room near to reception which we did get but up a flight of extremely steep stairs. No offer of help with our bags from staff member who was too busy chatting on MSN to concentrate on booking us in.Vending machines in reception, empty and don't work!!!Half the light bulbs didn't work, windows wouldn't shut. Laminate floorboards kept moving.Strange looking brown bugs everywhere in room.Food disgusting! We were persuaded to eat in the restaurant downstairs the first night we were there, tasteless colourless small extortionately expensive portions.Then go to breakfast that's an experience!!! A table is laid out with ham and cheese, stale bread rolls and a large bowl of cereals. Cooked breakfast is available as an extra. Tea and coffee is available, but it is not offered, you have to seek it out for yourself. Staff surly, refuse to serve you, had some waiter click his fingers at me to let me know my tea was ready.To top it all, we both came out in a rash that we assumed was an allergic reaction to something, it started on our wrists and spread over our bodies. Imagine how mortified we were when consulted a doctor to discover that we had SCABIES!!!! The doctor said it could be caught from dirty beds or bedding.Under no circumstances would we recommend this hotel to anybody.This being said, Amsterdam is a beautiful romantic city and it didn't detract from the enjoyment we derived from our stay.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ThomasDells
<Content>Good Basic Hotel ( But Please Note Following) Hotel Manofa ( Jan 13th - Mon 16th)After reading several reviews on this site me and a mate were a tad paranoid about the bed bugs and security of hotel. We had booked 2 rooms and when we arrived at hotel in evening we were allowed to view room 217 to see what it was like. First impressions of hotel were that it is very basic but I also felt that some of the reviews on this site were a bit harsh. Me and my mate went to work on checking the beds for bugs although we didnt find any the sheets did have a few holes in and black marks and odd staines in some places. We did find some evidence of bug infestation on the panelling / skirting boards there were black marks and evidence of bugs esp on the ceiling where my mate had taken a photo of a dead bug. Having said this none of our group of 7 had any bites / inflammation / boils on their skin. The bathrooms were very clean my bathroom in 211 was basic but the shower worked fine and wash basin was clean although there was a door in bathroom which we swear we could hear someone behind view out of window showed there was infact a room there which was a bit creepy as on several occasions we heard movement. There was no curtain on one of the windows but we soon fixed this by making a make shift one out of a spare sheet. The rooms had a quite strong smell of bleach which can be overpowering at first. Room 211 is very noisy we could hear noise from street and alleyway and doors slamming all nite. The cleaners are very noisy and knock on the door at around 9:30am they seemed to be a bit annoyed that we wernt out of rooms but after 2 days they just knocked and asked if we needed anything. I found the staff on reception to be very friendly and disagree with what other people have said on other reviews. Regarding previous reviews stating about security in hotel although none of us had anything stolen i feel i would be unhappy leaving anything valuable in the room the staff seemed very interested in when we would be going out and I would recommend keepng all passports / money / valuables under your pillow whilst asleep. This holiday was a lads one so we were too hungover / tired to make breakfast so i will rate the hotel as followsReception staff ( 4 out of 5)Cleaning staff (1 out of 5) - Rude, Arrogent, NoisyBeds / bedding ( 1 out of 5 - Uncomfortable, holes in sheets, weird stainesBathroom (4 out of 5)Location (5 out of 5)Furnishings ( 1 out of 5) - Dirty , evidence of bugs, smelly, dodgy wiring for tvHotel Corridor ( 1 out of 5 weird smell almost makes you throw up and staines on carpets)Value For Money (4 out of 5) - good but very basic bedding could be betterOverall 2 out of 5 this hotel is a great budget place to stay it is very basic and i would only recommend it to stag nites / lads holidays and the budget traveller. I had a great time in amsterdam I would like to mention although i experienced no major problems i will not be staying here again  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good 4 groups, Bad for safety,Cheap,Location great, 3/5       Hotel Front  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They're not our doors!!!! The hotel Manofa was unfortunately the only available room in Amsterdam for New Year 2006 (after leaving it a bit late). 4 of us shared a room, should perhaps call it a dormitory on the top floor. On arrival we were asked to check the room, we had 15 minutes to decide if it was ok then make a full payment. OK? It was dirty, 3 of the 4 lights didn't work, both shared showers in the corridor were broken, but hey, it was the only available room in Amsterdam so I had to lie through my teeth snd pay 545 euros for three nights. 20 euros a night would have been too much!Got through 2 nights and had intended on going home on the 3rd as we had to book 3 nights minimum. We went to collect out bags from the room at 5.30pm as we had a ferry to catch. The key card wouldn't open the door, we had to go down 3 flights to reception to have the card remagnatised and each time it didn't work. Half an hour later reception decided to actually come up and try themselves, to no avail, after some fancy computer box that the manager came up with an hour later we were told that we couldn't get in until the following morning!! They gave us another dormitory (6 beds in this one) and we didn't have any clean clothes/wash stuff etc.Shame having to stay another night in Amsterdam I know but in the morning when we explained we had to pay for another ferry and an extra days parking and that we weren't happy they told us it wasn't their fault as it wasn't their doors!!! Hmmmmm, it was their hotel though surely.Anyway, its supposed to be a 2 star hotel. I've been in better hostels. The staff were unfriendly, the cleaner was noisy+++ and seemed determined that we would be vacating our rooms each day and letting himself into the room to ask us! The beds were awful, the curtain was hanging off, the decor looked like it had last seen a lick of paint in the 70's and as I said, both showers were broken. The toilets were clean though. Need I say more!!!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>vivien007
<Content>Bed Bigs and Fleas - a horror trip       My both arms  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stolen cell from closed suitcase i stayed at hotel for 5 nights, i changed rooms after the first 2 nights on 3rd fllor in room with 3 tiny single beds, and i was only needing one. rooms tiny, i put my cell phone which does not work in europe zipped into my suitcase with the charger, then put onto top shelf of room wardobe closet, closed the doors, and opushed one of the single beds up to the closet........i then left as usual and according to there policy turned in my room card key at front desk, ( seems i was the only one that did that, many optheres walked right past the desk and went to there rooms with not turning in there keys,when asked at the reception,they told me they know those people. the 3rd night they moved me to a much nicer room with double bed and large windoews on front, the heat did not work, but it was fixed the folwing day, that is when i opened my suitcase to take a picture of room with my cell phone, it was gone! along with the charger,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,i contacted the front desk, they summoned the staff, of course no one saw it! no one else was in my room excpet whom ever the hotel let in or the crew that cleans it........it did not disaper, the room had a safe, but it was smashed from a previous date.i have traveled from thailand to egypt and europe 20 times, i never have lost or had anything stolen from my room, much less from the inside of my suitcase. it was planed, and done very profesianly, i was told to get a police report, which i did.....after that i slept with my wallet under the pillow with one eye open. breakfast is from 8 -10, who is up at that time in amsterdam? if you miss it oh well..... i aksed for a wake up call the last day and of course they marked it down and then forgot to call my room,,,,,,,,mabey some time they gave my room key to someone too? anyway,i also talked to my visa chage comonay and they have 2 charges from the hotel, i should only have one for the 5 nighst i slept there, i asked the hoteel and they told me when the regular charge goes thru the first one a deposit will be retuned, which it has not been. so would i stay there again? never.........the location is good,,,,,,,but who wants to sleep in a ahotel where you cant trust your locked luggage in your own room with the hotel?  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hmmmmmm Three of us stayed in a large, triple room. Clean(ish) but basic is the best description, and definitely not recommended if you're unable to climb large numbers of steep stairs.One of our party found a pubic hair in his bed on arriving, and our windows wouldn't shut completely. Unfortunately, this meant that I was awoken periodically by the clientele of the club opposite leaving in the early hours, the staff of the club emptying their bins and sweeping up an hour later, and the not unpleasant but loud sound of the carillon ringing first thing the following morning.I broke the shower on day 1 - I stepped back onto a tile only to find that it wasn't supported by anything. The tile split and the splinters dropped onto the ceiling of the floor beneath. Terrifying.The people next door were smoking some pretty heavy duty stuff, the smell of which permeated the whole corridor.For the area (among the most expensive in Amsterdam), the Manofa is relatively cheap. It's certainly nothing special, though. Best recommended for stag parties or anybody who wants somewhere central to crash and isn't that fussy.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Basic, But OK !! - Great Location We were there on a Stag weekend 8 Lads, Rooms were basic but OK. Resturant Good. EXCELLENT LOCATION !! - only couple of minute walk from central station, everything is on your doorstep.Good for lads weekends or people that are OK with basic. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR - I WOULD stay there again!!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ever had Vomit on your room Curtain The web site photos looked ace, but soon realised that the room kept empty by reception is the one used for the photos on the website. I had a hysterectomy end of March and could not carry my extremely small case (for this purpose) up to 34 steps to our room, up very narrow and winding staircases, and there was no one to help me either. Our room:Dried vomit on the curtain, which was reported resulted in the curtain being taken down and not replaced for the whole 3 nights remaining, so had to sleep with head covered to get any sleep, also some very interesting brown stains on the wall above the tv. The beds, if they can be called this, were only wide enough for my size 14 body to sleep with my hands behind my head. The mattresses, quilts and pillows were all dirty, and we all made a pact not to smell anything - so take a hint from us and take a bottle of Febreeze. All in all we had an absolutely fabulous weekend with all 5 of us sharing a room, but the cleaners' cupboard (if that is what it should be called) was outside our door and the cleaner was a very loud man with an obnoxious attitude when presented with any problems, and he did insist on keeping the hoover on just outside our door, although we could not find any evidence of the hoover cleaning anything!Great location and the restaurant food was brill although the staff had problems understanding our drinks requests. Breakfast worth missing.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel with ideal location The hotel is situated in a good location near many shops and bars. The rooms are basic but for the price not bad. Staff are very friendly and rooms are cleaned daily. This is an ideal hotel if you want a clean room which is close to many attractions.Highly recomended  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location After reading all the reviews for this hotel, I was a bit worried to be honest but we did not experience anything bad at all during our stay. We stayed for a weekend between the 9-11 July 2005. The hotel was located only a short walk from Central Train Station on Damrak St. The hotel was surrounded by many shops, restaurants and other hotels. To get up to the hotel, there was a steep staircase and to get to the rooms, there were even more stairs spiraling up. After reading the reviews, I requested a room on the 1st or 2nd floor so we didn't have to go up and down so many stairs. The room was small and basic. There were two beds with clean sheets, pillows and blankets, tv, telephone and small amount of storage for clothes. The tv had a few channels in english which was good because we could at least watch something if we wanted to. The bathroom was clean and the hotel provided shower gel, shampoo  conditioner all in one. I preferred to use my own. The rate per night included breakfast as well which was quite basic. It consisted of bread rolls, ham, cheese, jam, butter, hard boiled eggs, two types of cereals, milk, tea  coffee. The staff were polite and friendly. We were within walking distance from all the main sights in Amsterdam. The location fo the hotel was brilliant. The hotel was what I would expect for a 2 star hotel although I would not leave anything valuable in the room but there is a safe also provided. If you are looking for somewhere to sleep for a few hours in between the madness that is Amsterdam, this hotel will suit you just fine.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was worried....but I was worried after reading some of the reviews since I booked before I checked this website. At the end of the day, all went ok. No bedbugs, clean rooms, clean bathrooms. Good service from staff.If you looking for 2 star you could do much worse than this place.Also located in the centre of all the action in very busy Damrak.Although, if your able, try and get a room away from the alley on the side of the building which can get a bit noisy.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>greeegash
<Content>Porridge revisited 15 of us poor souls booked 5 budget rooms at this place. Opening the door to my cell (i mean room) i instantly felt a dark dark cloud fall over me. 1 bunk bed (complete with dirty yellow mattresses and pillows), 1 dirty sink, alot of graffiti and not alot else. Quickly deciding to escape for the night to any local bar the realisation soon dawned I would be returning after dark for a night of prison. The morning arrived and 1 of the group quickly nicknamed me and my roomate Godber and Fletch from the old porridge series and it wasn't hard to see why on our less than new metal bunk bed. The shared toilets and showers were in the same class as the room - awful, the shower was more a trickle of dirty water. I would highly recommnend you dont stay here, it is central but other freinds paid the same price on arrival at Ams airport and booked into a nice hotel round the corner with flat plasma screen t.v., own bathroom etc etc in their room.Luckily my sentance was 3 nights in this prison, but instead of feeling dirty and violated i implore you not to stay here at any cost!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lout's Stag 3/4 Jun 05 Not a bad hotel if you accept you get what you pay for. Location is perfect for RLD, Teasers is a lively bar just down the road, also Tara (good Irish bar) further down on Rokin. Beds were clean, towels changed each day, no sign of bed bugs (despite extensive searching on arrival). Gets noisy in the morning with street cleaners so forget the lie in  go to Barney's in Jordaan (Haarlemerstraaat) for breakfast instead, much more fun (can I have some more pancakes with extra maple syrup please). Reception has safe deposit box if you need it. No complaints, hotel served it's purpose admirably. Be careful not to wander into attic late at night though as carpet is very damp. Dobsxxx  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value for money Great value for money for any groups looking for cheap accomodation in a Central location. Clean sheets and towels each day, helpful staff and breakfast thrown in (for anyone able to get up before 10a.m.)  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exactly what it says on the tin You do not expect luxury on a budget, and in its price band it hits the spot perfectly... cheap  friendly. There are very steep steps so bear that in mind before you start eating cake and drinking too much beer. Whilst you are here check out Barneys for a fantastic breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room broken into On a stag weekend we booked into this hotel and were given a 5 bed room. 10 mins later the receptionist told us we had the wrong room and were moved to another one. No explanation was given for this room change. Imagine our suprise when returning from a night out to find that the bags had been moved and items were missing from a locked room! On reporting it to the staff the said you must have left the window open. The room is on the 3rd floor and James Bond wouldnt have risked the 30ft fall onto the main street below. The attitude of the staff was terrible and the police only called after hours of wrangling. We highly suspect staff inside involvement in the burglary and I would advise no one to stay here. Yes it is central, but pay a bit extra and go somewhere else.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No bed bugs here! Indeed you get what you pay for. It is situated right where you want to be and it`s cheap. The room was adequate and clean, the bed linen changed every day. We found the staff to be very helpfull. With breakfast thrown in and a discount in the restaurant down stairs, it was a good deal. If you want five star, go pay for it.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bed bugs You get what you pay for with a 2 star but since returning from a 3 night stay at the Manofa I've been itching from bed bugs.The room was very noisy due to it being on the main road and also some the light switches were broken in the room which caused some problems.There's plenty of other hotels about and would suggest to look around rather than staying here. Have previosuly stayed at the Jolly Hotel Carlton, 4 star, very nice and also the Hotel Luxer. Good price and good location.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Damn Hotel I've stayed in some fairly cheap accommodation previously but this was by far the worst. Opening the window I looked out on overflowing guttering clogged up with (cigarette) butts. The TV didn't work and the room hadn't been cleaned particularly well after the previous guests. The stairs were a hassle (we were on the fourth floor) but I was more concerned about getting out in the event of a fire (a hotel in Paris burnt down the day we arrived which is why this was on my mind). I wasn't sure whether I'd stumbled in on some kind of asylum hostel judging by the people hanging round the reception. About a week before we were due to arrive I got a phone call saying they'd mislayed our confirmation and we would no longer have our own bathroom. I kicked up a fuss and (un)luckily they managed to sort it out. I now wish they hadn't and we had been forced to go elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad as everyone says Two friends and I stayed at the Hotel Manofa (three girls). I had booked the hotel before I checked trip advisor. I was quite worried after I read the reviews. I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The ladies at the front desk were always very helpful our entire stay. We were on the top floor, which is a very long hike up the steep and narrow staircase. We paid for a budget room which meant we shared the bathroom and showers with the floor and no TV (which was not a big deal, we were always going somewhere). Our room was very clean, it needed a fresh coat of paint but other than that is was nice. The showers and bathrooms were always clean. They even had a bathroom for just girls which we greatly appericated. If you are use to a Comfort Inn, please don't stay here it is a two star hotel but they do try their best. We never did make it to the morning breakfast, so I cannot tell you what to expect there. We saw no rodents and had no bed bugs. If you want your own bathroom and TV just pay alittle extra for the nicer rooms (a family told us their room was very nice, it was what it looked like on the internet). It is noisy in the early morning when the streetcars and buses start running but wasn't enough to keep me awake (I guess just depends how light of a sleeper you are). I was happy with the hotel for the price we paid. Oh, we never saw any shady characters in the hotel lobby.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eeew We should have know right away when a somewhat desperate guy approached us in Central Station offering us a room at his hotel for a cheap price. Once the guy walked us to the hotel of course the price was in fact higher than what he had said. It was still a good deal so we took a room. The pillows were dirty. Loud music next-door and shady characters in the reception area... that's not really what bothered us most. It was the little bed bugs we found!! Gross. Sorry but I would prefer not to have lice or whatever infesting on me while I sleep! The good thing was that the hotel, while 'shocked', gave us a full refund.... I guess if you bring a bed bug disinfectant this would be an ok hotel???  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't let the bed bugs bite.... Found this website and read the reviews the day before I arrived to stay for 7 nights and feared the worse.However for 65 Euro a night...Good Points :Got a single room on the first floor (reception floor) so the stairs weren't a problemNew varnished and clean floorboardsNew and spotless ensuite shower and toiletGood TV choice (especially music channels)No mice or rodentsReasonably polite staffExcellent locationBad Points :A few bed bugs. Not bad enough to complain while I was there but the itching got worse after I returned homeWindow overlooked a very noisy alley to the side of the hotel. Arguments and fights in the early hours every nightSheets and towels were only changed once during the 7 night stayThree holes in the ceilings with exposed wiresVery narrow roomVery poor continental breakfast. Only had it the once as it wasn't worth getting up forLast year I stayed next door at Hotel Damrak.A bit more expensive (80 Euros a night for a single room) but only the breakfast and TV choice was poor. Everything else was better with an elevator and in-room fridge and safe. Good Argentinian Steak House as part of the hotel. Next year I'll book here.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Bloody Nightmare! I needed to stay one night in Amsterdam before flying home- this hotel ruined the end of our trip- absolutely awful! The website can be very misleading- how I wish I had looked at tripadvisor before going! Steer clear!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Drunk and Disorderly If you don't mind the constant noise of the drunken concert on the street, or the fact that the staff will send you away to look for a phantom hotel at 11 pm (even after you have shown them the confirmation with THEIR hotel name and address on it), you may consider your saftey when the people upstairs are stomping through the ceiling into your room. Not only were the staff and surroundings uncomfortable....so too was climb up the set of stairs (which look like something out of a horror flick) to get to the reception! With bags this was nearly impossible. LOOK ELSEWHERE PLEASE!!! Love your safety, sanitity, and comfort a bit more than to torture yourself with a stay here!!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you could alot worse You could do alot worse for the money, great location a bit tatty but clean enough, if you are not expecting the beverly hills hilton and you want a place to crash the manofa will suit you fine.We had 2 rooms with 4 beds in each room, a little cramped but ok can be a bit noisey but the chances are it may be you making some of it , the draw back ,steep stairs.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly acceptable Paid roughly 30 Euros per night which was just about the cheapest I could find, and got what was required - Good location, own bed, private bathroom and a perfectly acceptable standard of cleanliness.There wasnt much else, but who cares?  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Does the job if your young and only there for the craic. If you want to experience amsterdam and all you really want is from your accommodation is somewhere to keep your bits and pieces and collaspe after a rough night on the town, then manofa hotel is more than sufficient. Its cheap as they come and offers all the basics. Its not the most visually pleasing hotel you may find, but its location is pretty central, and during my four day stay there I didn't see a single rat. Not all that bad.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievable!!!! Man the Manofa is unbelievable!! I can't believe all the bad reviews. If you have been in Captain Lou's place or the Clearview Hotel you will know what a dump really is.Ok, so you walk into your room and either people have moved in or the porter is sitting watching womens volleyball on tv, but if you pay peanuts you get the Manofa.The panoramic views are among the best in central Amsterdam, and the Jacuzzi and Spa centre are great for soothing that dizzy head after sampling the cultural delights of one of Europe's great cities.By the way, there is a great Steak House just down from the Manofa (out front door and turn left, right beside Teasers Bar). Does great food and very reasonable prices - probably cheapest in Damrak Area.Try to get a seat at the front pavement, and the service is....... unbelievable.Enjoy your stay!Unbelievable!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dump! what a dump, the pictures on the site do not give a fair representation of this hotel. me and my wife arrived at the hotel had to climb about forty steps before we got in the hotel reception no help with our bags was provided. we then checked in we were on the top floor fourth floor again no help with bags (no lift) as we were about to enter the room the next room to us was blaring out music as loud as possible we entered our room there was no room to pass each other it was that small. one of the beds pillows had a hole in it there was a light not working the room was very dark there was a hole in the wall, a wire hanging down over the bed where a light should have been a wire hanging off the wall in the en-suite. we did not dare leave our things in the hotel we went to look for another hotel. we found the crowne plaza just around the corner a very nice hotel and for the same price we paid online!!! we went back to our hotel and checked out. the reception girl only said why didnt we asked to be moved to another room...my answer was what other room could you have put us in the place is a dump...her reply well we are only a 2star hotel...that is no exscue for holes in the wall, wires exposed and holes in the pillows and general cleanliness poor. i would not recommend this hotel to anybody i have stayed in better bb's for less. the worst thing about the hotel is the safety issue we did not feel safe and dare not leave anything in the room. do not stay at this hotel!!!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Manofa was fine Two friends and I stayed at the Manofa for 3 nights in October 03. We shared a tripple room on the top floor, lots of stairs to climb, so be warned. The room itself was clean, if a little small (no problem as we were out a lot). The facilities were ok, and the staff were, generally, nice. I can't say we noticed any rodents, though. I'll be back in Amsterdam in July, and I will be upgrading to a 3*, as it'll be worth the extra Euro's for less stair climbing and a cosier Ambiance.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sunsannah
<Content>It's not that bad.... Well, I've just got back from a 3 night stay at the Manofa. We booked it a week before and i happened to stumble across these reviews on the internet. Needless to say, I wasn't too keen on staying, but seems how we had to pay the first night, we went to see what it was like and planned on going somewhere else if these reviews were true. We were in a room for 4 on the second floor. There are lots of steep steps and no lift so don't go if you struggle with stairs. Don't take a haevy suitcase like me either. The bathroom was clean, so was the linen and the beds were fairly comfy. Fair enough, the building is old, but not falling to pieces or anything. The TV had music channels so we were happy with that. I think the rooms that share amentities on the lower floors are probably a bit worse, but ours was fine. We saw no rats and the staff assured us that they were brought in by a guest and that Rebnto-kil gor rid of them, so don't let that put you off!!The hotel is very close to the station and right in the middle of everything. The breakfast is a bit rubbish though, buns and ham and cheese, and if u leave it til 10 there might not be much left. oh, and I wouldn't pay for the 'Full English' wither as it was the worst cooked breakfast I've ever had.All in all, this an OK hotel.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fecal- Vision   showReview(1843135, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save your money!   showReview(1840919, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Herts_UKAmit
<Content>Just don't do it   showReview(1767097, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kingeric78
<Content>no rats in my room!   showReview(1557928, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anon012
<Content>Hairy bedspreads and hairy shower   showReview(1525983, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ROUGHER THAN A GRANNIES GRIFTER   showReview(992437, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelTrout
<Content>Ack. Could this be worse?   showReview(978337, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There's a rat in my bedroom what am I gonna do?   showReview(860814, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chiarallerolalla
<Content>pro e contro   showReview(23070036, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un unica grossa pecca il bagno...   showReview(22285765, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Plut么t d茅莽u...   showReview(19642388, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Caira89
<Content>Maus im Zimmer!   showReview(17942299, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon h么tel pas cher pour Amsterdam et tr猫s bien situ茅.   showReview(17430255, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TinaKiwi
<Content>Nie wieder!!!   showReview(16990741, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>idealement situ茅 pour un bref s茅jour   showReview(17430248, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel perfetto per passare...   showReview(16732051, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅 dommage je n'y retournerais pas   showReview(16589554, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien plac茅   showReview(16589553, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tolk42
<Content>M盲use im Zimmer   showReview(15491458, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel plut么t auberge de jeunesse   showReview(15579330, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(15579329, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Elisa_Day
<Content>Per chi vuol spendere poco   showReview(15105851, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da evitare   showReview(14731239, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spendi qualche Euro in pi霉....   showReview(13983776, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s d茅莽u   showReview(13196528, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci siamo trovati veramente...   showReview(12908659, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel id茅al pour un week end   showReview(11311700, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Leider nur gute Lage   showReview(11311708, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Soddisfacente   showReview(11311707, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht empfehlenswert   showReview(11664626, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>f眉r Kurzaufenthalt   showReview(11664624, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moritzdechert
<Content>Maus im Zimmer   showReview(6821335, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽ue mais il convient pour de brefs s茅jours ...   showReview(11387422, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lolo16
<Content>Tr猫s mauvais rapport qualit茅/prix       Meuble + TV  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il est class茅 1 茅toile et non deux !   showReview(11360487, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es un hotel para ir con los...   showReview(11405309, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situ茅 avec petit dej d茅cevant   showReview(11329584, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonjour, j'茅cris ce commentaire...   showReview(11405310, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura per passare...   showReview(11405312, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo arrivati per stare due...   showReview(11405313, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Se dovessi tornare ad...   showReview(11405314, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Amsterdam est touours aussi...   showReview(11405315, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2003
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' una topaia nel vero senso...   showReview(12648411, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2002
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

