<Author>Well-Travelled_too
<Content>Superb Hotel  The excellent reviews this hotel receives are well justified. And the recommendation to upgrade to 'The Level' aswell - besides the fantastic breakfast choice, you get a superior room, membership to the 'Executive Club' area which includes beverages all day and a light evening buffet, access to the internet (using terminals there), and a few other bits and bobs. I would much sooner choose a break back here before I try another disastrous 5* All Inclusive (sic) Turkey break (which was more expensive too!) through Goldtrail Travel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>Bristraveler
<Content>Great find - a great hotel!       Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sanfrantraveler
<Content>Great location, nice rooms and views       View from Superior Room 554  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hithyrd
<Content>Superb hotel I stayed at the Melia for 3 nights for a long weekend. On arrival, the check in desk person was very helpful and checked us in quickly and efficently. We stayed on the 8th floor - we weren't fortunate to have a room overlooking the river but this didn't matter. The room was huge, had a massive bed (could easily have slept 4 people!), perfectly clean with a lovely sized, squeaky clean bathroom. All of the usual you'd expect such as a welcome pack with details of services was included, plus they provided a pillow menu so if the pillows they supplied did not match your requirements you could choose a different one!We signed up for the Mas card and benefited from a BOGOF on breakfast which I'd highly recommend. Everything you could possibly want is on offer - pastries, fruit, cereal, breads, meats, cheeses and the list goes on. They cook eggs to your pleasure which is a nice little touch.The bars in the hotel look lovely too - we didn't eat/drink there but many people did.Overall, a superb hotel in a great spot. Berlin is a very walkable city and this hotel is nor means out if the hustle and bustle of Berlin. It's right by the train stop too which is great for getting to and from the airport.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swedishbargainhunter
<Content>a good choice       Melia Berlin, Bed  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Slyph
<Content>Excellent! I cannot fault this hotel at all. We upgraded to 'The Level' as these floors offer the delights of unlimited free tapas and alcoholic drinks in the evening plus breakfast and drinks throughout the day and free internet access. This was definitely worth the extra and the exclusive seating areas were great. The room itself was a good size, very clean and comfortable. I had requested a quiet room and we were indeed given a quiet room at the back of the hotel.The staff were exceptionally polite and helpful. All spoke English and were friendly and attentive.The location is great and being situated in the East of the city you are a 5-10 mins walk away from Unter Den Linden and the Brandenburg Gate. From there you can also walk further afield to the Tier Garten, Checkpoint Charlie, the Wall etc. The U-Bahn is easy to use and the hotel is very near the Friedrichstrasse train terminal.I would definitely recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>reeygeezer
<Content>Perfect. This is my first review and I was so impressed I thought I'd share my experience. We stayed at the Hotel Melia for 3 nights. There is so much choice when you try to find a hotel in Berlin so I went with this one as recommended on TripAdvisor. The hotel is aimed at buisness people so very formal. The front desk staff are very helpful and speak fluent English. The hotel is immaculate and the room very modern but comfortable. We had a standard room on the 6th floor without breakfast but facing the river, great view. The room was cleaned daily to a good standard. From my experience of hotels the room was excellent. The location is great and very central. There is a train station nearby, you can purchase a 48 or 72 hr travel pass, zones AB are fine or individual trip tickets. Get the Txl bus from Tegal airport to Hauptbahnhoff station then train to Friedricstrasse, this is just across the road from the Hotel. We had breakfast on our last morning ( 2 for 1 offer, 20 euros), excellent and well worth it. There are places to get a cheap, quick breakfast from locally though, look in the station. All said and done this is a great hotel in an excellent location, go for it!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lonech
<Content>very central hotel Absolutly a good modern hotel. Spacius rooms, nice beds and so on. The photos on the hotel webpage do tell it all. We got a good price as we booked several months in advance, otherwise its somewhat expensive. The breakfast cost 20 euros pr person, this is to much. You can buy your breakfast in any of the small cafe麓s by the river spree or at the Frederich station, 2 minuts away. Or you can join the Mas reward club on the hotel webpage and get to breakfasts for the price of one. The Mas reward club also offers free news paper and late check out (if possible).The breakfast is of good quality, fresh bread, bacon, eggs (at your pleasure), toast, yougurth, cheese, ham, salami, fruit, tea, coffea and so on.The interactive tv didnt work. It could be possible to se your bill and so on, but neither worked. The tv has 20 free channels, 11 german, 2 english (BBC world and CNN) and a lot of spanish channels. All the german chanells is ofcause in german. This means that Bruce Willis speaks german. A disgrace...................a four star hotel without any english speaking channels???Hotel in walking distance to Reichtag, Museums Insel, berliner Dome and so on. 1 minut to the River Spree and the channel boats, 1 minut to Underground station, 2 minuts to S-bahn.A tip: visit Restaurant Schwarzer Abt, Am Weidendamm 1A. Aorund the corner from the hotel on the riverside. The serve German autentich food with homemade beer or snaps. The best that money can buy. Or the Kaffehaus- Zint und Zucker, schiffbauerdamm street, go past the railway bridge and eat a good lunch or drink a nice cup of coffea, away from the turist traps. All is homemade.But all in all: a very central placed hotel with good service and one we would stay at again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jimmy61Madrid
<Content>perfect location, average service I just came back from Berlin, where I run the 2008 marathon. I had a good experience with the Melia Hotel, particularly due to its perfect location: it is really at the very heart of the city, everything that matters there is a few minutes walk : the museums, the Reichstag, the Brandenburg Tor, Unter den Linden, etc. perfect place by all mens.I must say however that the hotel is not particularly luxurious, but simply functional, and I would also say that I missed some better facilities such as a pool or a spa. So, if you are going to run the next marathon in Berl铆n, Melia is a good choice (the start line is a few minutes nice walk through the riverside), but be sure you hire massage service in advance elswhere!!!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>imssg
<Content>great hotel, great location Stayed on The Level; breakfast included. Worth it to have breakfast there with wonderful service and selection as well as wine in the evening and munchies throughout the day. Great location, can walk to many of the sites in Berlin, but also near the train. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hmvik
<Content>Perfect city hotel! We stayed three nights at this wonderful hotel. The receptionists were great, always helpful and smiling. Rooms are spacious and modern. The hotel is close to tons of restaurants and shopping, and to the train and subway station Friedrichstrasse.Great stay!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marrianne
<Content>Great stay at the Melia We have just returned from a three night stay at the melia and were delighted with our choice.With the help of tripadvisor reviews we chose the Melia for it's good reviews and location. I must say it lived up at our expectations.We stayed on The level on the 7th floor our room was very nice and well equiped with everything we needed including bathrobe and slippers. We had a room on the side that did face a building site but we were far enough forward to see the river and watch the boats coming and going along from our balcony.We enjoyed access to the lounge and seperate breakfast room giving us full breakfast service , use of the internet , soft drings anytime of the day and in the evening tapas and drinks. We didn't use the lounge a lot during the day but it was a nice place to rest in the evening.We flew in to Schonefeld airport and purchased train tickets on the s9 train for just 2.80 euros which took us to freidrichstrasse main station just a few minutes walk to the Melia, really convenient.We found the Melia staff effecient ,polite and freindly we couldn't have asked for more. We really enjoyed berlin and would like to visit again and would not hesitate to return to the melia.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>highstandardsMD
<Content>Awesome hotel 8/2008 We stayed at the Melia Hotel in Berlin in rooms on The Level and it was awesome. The reasonable Level room price included full breakfast, drinks and snacks during the day and alcoholic beverages and snacks in the afternoon. The staff was professional, friendly and very helpful. All spoke english fluently. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The hotel was close to the train and subway stations making it easy to get around in the city. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NormaJeanRoma
<Content>want to stay again a t MELIA' BERLIN MELIA' BERLIN-FRIEDRICHSTRASSE:excellentwe are a couple, we stayed for 5 nights in a standard room: room is spacious, bed very comfortable, bathroom clean and large; we stayed in the highest floor, absouletely quiet!breakfast is excellent but a bit expensive if you dont have mas card and travel in two! staff iis friendly and ready to solve any problems;location is fantastic: 5 minutes walk from Museum Island,3 minutes to get at underground and tramway; on the main Friedrichstrasse: shops, history, restaurants: try 12 Apostel good italian but expensive!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AlwaysReady2Go
<Content>Melia's location makes it easy... Spent a couple nights at the Melia Berlin in Nov 2007 on business. What a great find - perfect location as a base - steps away from Freidrichstrasse Station and Unter den Linden and located on the banks of the Spree. Walk from station is literally seconds - although at the time I was there the area was quite dark and being redeveloped so need to be careful when walking.Hotel reasonably new therefore accomodation was spotless. Bed comfortable and room was very quiet. Check-in was friendly and quick. Tapas bar to one side of reception with what seemed like a popular and busy bar area opposite.Having checked rates since, I suspect this hotel can be quite expensive at times - it's very much aimed at the business traveller. However if deals are available it would certainly make an ideal central base for the independent leisure traveller. Particularly easy to get to from Schonfeld Airport (approx 30 mins) and no train changes.Fredreichestrasse Station provides a useful range of shops too - so easy to stock up on snacks and drinks. Several cafes in close proximity too.Berlin itself is an interesting mix of old and new. Lots to do and see - and getting around is extremely easy. The new Berlin Central Station is an amazing site. Checkpoint Charlie a little too touristy now - but a few metres away there are reminants of the wall and a free photographic display on the WWII - called the Topography of Terror - which I stumbled across by accident and was well worth spending some time at.Tip for the hungary visitor - the Block House steak restaurants provide very good value for a reasonable steak dinner - this in a city which to my surprise wsn't too way off the mark for value for money.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JonsAbroad
<Content>Melia August 2008 Nothing wrong with hotel at all.Room a little smaller than expectedInitially disappointed not to get a room on the riverside of the hotel.Had a view over other buildings  super view of TV towerOpposite the Melia is major construction works of a new Dorint Hotel. So glad to be screened from building site noise.Paid extra to stay on 'the Level' included Breakfast plus free bar and guest lounge. Nice treat was to be presented with complimentary strawberries, on the first evening.Did not eat in the hotel. Just appeared to be the usual bland and very overpriced chain hotel cuisine. Numerous bars  restaurants with character, within very short walking distance.Great central location with easy access to the S  U Bahn plus tram system. All staff friendly  efficient.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>syllabub
<Content>Wonderful hotel!       view from our twin room  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DisneyParis
<Content>Best Central location in Berlin Dates of Stay: 12 July through 14 July 2008Summary: Front desk staff average-some friendly others very businesslike. Very modern hotel with many extras.Location-convenient to everything-very safe area on river-just north of Friedrichstrasse train station-one stop east of Hautbahnhof on several lines-Unter den Linden just a few blocks away- located in former East Berlin where most of the sights and museums are located. I will definitely stay here the next time if I can get a good rate and especially a great one like I had for 75 euros plus 20 euros for 2 breakfasts. All negatives were minor and were completely insignificant compared to all the pluses. My rating of 4 would probably have been a 5 if they offered a free internet station (at least give a guest card for 15 minutes per day so one can check important stuff but prevent people from staying on for hours)Room #504-No view-courtyard so very quiet-might have been nice to have river side view -2 beds (very nice-good pillows with 3 different sizes-duvet cover very soft and comfortable. -flat screen tv with many channels mostly German but others too -small modern sofa-more like an exam table at the doctor鈥檚 office -minibar w/ refrigerator-didn鈥檛 use minibar -closet w/ free safe-very good plus 2 chairs and a small table -bathroom-very nice with toilet, bidet (didn鈥檛 use), good size sink, tub w/ shower and half glass door but no issue if closed properly -ample plugs but not one usable by head of bed (see negatives)Breakfast 鈥?best one I鈥檝e ever had in a hotel-very good but very expensive (get MaS Rewards card which makes breakfast 2 for 1 so 10 euros each rather than 20 euros)Very, very large fresh selection: several types of eggs, meats, fruits, pastries, yogurts. Coffee, tea, juices, water and even champagne both mornings I was there)Excellent service by wait staff!Negatives1)No free internet in lobby or elsewhere in hotel-as you can tell, this upset me the most-sister hotel, Tryp Buenos Aires, where I stayed in May had two free stations by breakfast area2)Key must be in slot by door for electricity to work (only TV worked w/o it) which meant hot/stuffy room upon return for quite a while depending on outside temp3)Light on minibar on same switch as 2 floor lamps. If you want to use outlet by bed, it will only work if light above minibar is on also-no way to turn that off just by itselfTip: Make sure all windows are closed because a/c will not work otherwise. It will keep shutting off. This is possibly why previous reviewer has 鈥渁ir con hell鈥?I felt stupid after I called the front desk to fix it, and the nice guy found that the window was ajar-why maid opened it he didn't know.Suggestion/Recommendation: Take the 鈥淔ree Walking Tour鈥?鈥搄ust over 3 hours and starts just east of Brandenburg Gate. We had Colin from Scotland-excellent and entertaining. We each tipped 20 euros although others were cheap. I saw 1 older lady just give him a coin! Many young adults-hostel crowd-so don鈥檛 expect them to tip big-not in their budget-but those over 35 should give more. It鈥檚 well worth 20 euros or more for the great service and knowledge gained. One of the best city tours I鈥檝e ever taken anywhere. No hopping on and off busses plus they have a free Bicycle tour also. English tours at 11 am, noon, and 2 pm. Try to get Colin.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Ladybird_traveller
<Content>Definitely worth going for 'The Level' rooms We stayed in this hotel in July for 4 nights as a birthday celebration. The location is great - easily walkable distance to all the sights worth seeing. We spent much of our time in the Prenzlauer Berg district which is great for food, drink, and people watching.The inclusive breakfast and early evening drinks and aperitifs definitely make it worth booking a 'Level' room in the hotel. You have access to a private breakfast room and can arrange to check out at 4pm which is really useful for a later flight.The hotel staff were all extremely polite and helpful - they even provided a bottle of champagne on arrival as it was my birthday. We had a river view room which was lovely.The only tiny fault (if I had to find one) is that our wardrobe was a little small.I would definitely recommend this hotel - in fact I already have!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Angie1973
<Content>Great central hotel       View from room  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Thousandeurist
<Content>Great location, nice modern hotel Superb location! You are 5 minutes walking distance from the Museum Quarter, 10 min from the up-and-coming, always funny, Jewish district and 15 min from Brandenburg Tor. Actually, the street (Friedrichstrasse) is a highlight by itself, as it is where the main shopping malls stands and one must-do-stops favourites as Check point Charlie is. Great breakfast; nice, modern decor, big, clean room, flat screen TV. There is a Spanish (Tapas) Bar in the basement that opens till late. Helpful, professional (although on the non-smile kind) staff attend in reception. As the hotel has been just one year open, decoration and stuff is modern and cool, without a trace of the classic (sometimes old-fashioned) Melia likes.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>wimbrussel
<Content>Just excellent - central, comfortabale, friendly This is an excellent hotel. As far as location goes, you can hardly be in a more central place: the Friedrichstrasse station is literally 30 secondes away (no noise hinder, though); Reichstag, Unter den Linden and the Museuminsel are a 10-minute walk away.Rooms and beds are good - they even provide a pillow menu with six different pillows to choose from. The bathroom fan does stay on but did not bother us. It was quite warm in the room, though. There is a complimentary sauna and gym on the top floor (with good views from the terrace there).Room service is slow.Breakfast buffet is *big*, varied and tasty.The staff was friendly and helpful at all times.We booked a standard room at the summer special rate of 99 euros, including breakfast - an excellent deal.We would most certainly come back here.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Rueskov
<Content>Great location, nice hotel Stayed two nights at the Melia Berlin June 2008 on a business trip. Enjoyed he location, loved the al,ost new room and the breakfast. Good service, nice staff and a pleasant restaurant. Would never pay 200 Euro myself for a double room at a hotel in Europe but if you will or can make someone else pay for you this is a good place to stay in the middle of Berlin.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>unaikerr
<Content>air con hell the hotel overall is OK, but there are some problems.the main one being that the very noisy fan in the bathroom does not switch off AT ALL all night long. If you are a light sleeper you will have problems. I complained after a very sleepless night (not what you need when you have an important business meeting the next day). from the check in staff's face I got the impression that they must get this a lot. They have a faulty room card on the door and some previous guest had written it about the fan on there - so a design flaw.The other problems for me concerned the public areas - they are drab and really not very welcoming, i expect more from a hotel like this.So when I come to Berlin again on business I will not be staying here - if you're a heavy sleeper then you maybe OK but it's a pass from me  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Kevlange
<Content>Sehr gut! I will return to Melia Booked a Superior room, a couple of Euros more than the standard Comfort room, but hey that was well spended Euros. The special-special 7th floor with your own check-in counter (well, more like an office desk) and free drinks and tapas buffet in the afternoon in the Levels (the name of the 7th floor) own restaurant. Really relaxed. Interior-like it was very typical hotellish. Good lightnings, comfortable furnitures (especially the beds) and clean, very clean. My next trip will be to New York and if there had been a Sol Melia hotel there I would have booked it instantly (and it have been in a top ten position for sure). I would like to give Melia Berlin 5 stars. Vielen dank.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VANALT
<Content>exellent we booked a comfort room for 4 nights,at this hotel, from internet.we asked a room with view at upper levels.they gave us a large and luxuriousroom at 6th floor with great view, as we asked....the breakfast was the better i ever seen,with free champagne every day. you can take there mas cart,so you will pay 30 euros for 2 persons.do it anyway !!!! there are many bars and restaurants just in the other side of the river.try them.at bar called vang gogh the owner play piano.....try the dada falafel at oranien str, and cafe einstein.in a few words,melia hotel was fantastic !!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CityhopperCardiff
<Content>Very Central and Great for all attractions       Hotel Melia Berlin  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jambodavidson
<Content>What can say !!!!! Well all i can say is this hotel is Brill!!!!!!Th hotel is in a great locaton and when you first arrive it is very impressive and you wonder if it is all like that, well you will not be dissappointed!We were in just a comfort room but it was lovely, the bed was large and luxurious, and the bathroom was very modern and clean with two showers and heated floor!!The reception could not do enough to help you and nothing seemed a problem. our breakfast was not included but as we had a MAS card we could buy one and get one free so would say if you do not have one get this filled in at the hotel right awaylocation was great and with the train station only yards from hotel no where was out of reachwould stay here again !!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sam1351
<Content>Far above my expectations A Plus       Brandendurger  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>charmaineapap
<Content>lovely hotel just in the centre Hotel is in an excellent location for the sights of Berlin. Very comfortable rooms and bathrooms with an excellent service and a lovely breakfast in the morning. There are currently major building works just across the road and some noise may be heard at times but they did offer a room with a view across the river for an extra 20 euros so perhaps one should opt for this option if this is an issue. There is a small but cosy bar downstairs with well-priced drinks and cocktails and a tapas bar (which I did not try). However several restaurants close by as well as the underground station which is just outside hotel.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RFBoston
<Content>Great choice! Based on other reviews on Trip Advisor we booked a four night stay here. We took the advice of other travelers and booked the exec. level which was well worth it. Excellent location with the train station in front of the hotel. U-bahn and S-bahn at the station. Breakfast buffet was fantastic. Our room was a good size, everything worked and was clean. French doors opened onto a beautiful view of the river and train station. The rooms were sound proof. I would definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>katiets1
<Content>Very concerning experience My colleague and I went there for business and whilst I thought it was perfectly ok and comfortable my colleague had a very disturbing experience when a stranger walked into his room at night and stood in his room lobby acting as though he was planning to come in and do something untoward. This was despite having locked it from the inside! The hotel seemed completely unconcerned and just kept saying the key was not registering that someone else had come in. When asked what kind of security the hotel had they said it was just the two of them on the front desk. In other words no security at all! They didn't seem to see this is a potential criminal activity and no police were called. Had it been someone walking into a woman's room we think they might have behaved differently. Which is even more awful.Therefore although it was a comfortable and good value hotel we are not going to compromise our security again and will certainly not be returning.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spockie
<Content>Luxurious Melia! My family and I stayed at the Melia Berlin for 3 nights over Christmas. We had two interconnecting rooms, which were extremely spacious and luxurious! Got a great price of 79 Euro per room per night on the hotel website. Very convenient location short walk to Unter den Linden, lots of shops and restaurants, walk to Brandenburg Gate and near Friedrichstrasse Metro stop. Christmas lights and Christmas markets everywhere - great atmosphere! Hotel staff were very friendly and the Concierge was exceptionally helpful in finding us a tour guide on 26 December (a lot of businesses were closed over Christmas).Only downside was Cafe Madrid was awfully expensive - we had buffet breakfast there one morning at a cost of 30 Euro each!! We didn't go back! There is a Starbucks nearby and also some good cafes on Unter den Linden. We also found a very good Italian restaurant about 10 mins. walk down Freidrichstrasse over the River Spree on the opposite side of the road to the hotel - we ate there twice in fact.All in all the Melia Berlin was a fabulous choice!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kenn0
<Content>One of the best we've stayed at.       Melia Lobby in Berlin  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>susanhilton
<Content>Great stay at the Melia berlin Stayed at the Melia Berlin, excellent hotel very modern and spotless. Breakfast was good value with a loyalty card buy one breakfast for 14 euros get one free, there was pleanty of choice both hot and cold. The hotel is ideally located for Brandenburg Gate and Check Point Charlie, the museum is worth a visit. I enjoy December because of the Christmas Markets. Upon arrival at Schonenfield take train S9 2.40 euros to Frederick Strasse Hotel is on corner opposite station, there was no noise disturbance. There is a tapas bar in the hotel which we didnt try but it looked very popular. Went to a indian rest. Amrit, turn right out of main foyer and walk approx 500 yds to Oranienburger strasse dont have a starter as the main courses are huge. There is a Irish Bar en route so handy for a night cap.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RbrtH
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great Location My wife and I stayed at the Melia 4 nights while in Berlin on business. We loved the hotel, and would definitely choose it again. Facilities are great, and we enjoyed the wonderful breakfasts in their 2nd-floor restaurant that overlooks the river. Everyone was very helpful, and the location could not be beat. Most of the major sites in Berlin are within walking distance, and you are one block away from a major train station that can get you anywhere in the city quickly. (Get the multi-day pass for u-bahn/s-bahn. It doesn't get more convenient than that!)Be sure to check out the little Italian restaurant just around the corner by the river. Some of the best pizza I've had in a long time.I took off one point for the internet connection. The Melia had one of the most EXPENSIVE internet connections I've used anywhere in the world. With so many inexpensive hotel chains offering free high-speed wireless, I'm amazed that some upscale hotels still charge. It makes a bad impression for an otherwise wonderful hotel! Overall, though, we still loved our stay at the Melia!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>londonyc
<Content>Excellent location, wonderful accommodation Booked our trip on lastminute - got a fantastic rate for this hotel. The manager was exceptionally helpful when we got there. The room was immaculate, the view of the river was fantastic. The tapas restaurant downstairs was very good, beware it's legal to smoke indoors in Germany though! We did have a nonsmoking hotel room, which was super. The location is fantastic, just minutes away from the artsy areas (courtyards, etc) and not a far walk from Brandenburg Gate and many other historical sites.A fantastic place to stay!!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aussietravellers16
<Content>Exellent hotel, would stay again! My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights in mid December and found it to be the best hotel out of the 4 we stayed in in Germany.Location is excellent - only a few mins walk to the U and S bahn lines. We were lucky enough to be given an upgrade (without even asking) from the standard room to a Level room on the 7th floor. It was magnificent - spacious, modern and totally indulgent with bathrobes and slippers, a huge king size bed, a bidet, and best of all, tea and coffee making facilities (we knew not to expect this in europe so this was a bonus). It was so nice a room we immediately returned to reception to check the nightly rate we were paying! We had wifi internet access in our room but did have to pay for it.We would definitely stay here again!!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>scottishtraveller74
<Content>Great Location We stayed there for 3 nights in December and first of all the hotel is so easy to find if you arrive at Friederstrasse Station which is connected to all the major airports. The hotel had some great write ups in Trip Advisor and all I can say is that it is a nice hotel in a great location but we did have a few problems with it, First of all it said you could check in any time after 12pm on our confirmation and we arrived at 2.20pm and our room was not ready but we were allowed to leave our luggage. secondly we asked for a river view and although the hotel was not full we were not given one and lastly we asked for a double room and what we got was a twin room with the 2 beds pushed together. The room itself was spotless and overall the hotel was the same. The location itself is first class we walked everywhere including part of the old berlin wall, the Reichstag and the Christmas markets all over the city . I would definatley stay at the hotel again and would recommend the hotel and the city to anyone  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>csharpy
<Content>Excellent room, but everything else is extra So, being an ordinary tourist, by my standards this is a luxury hotel. It sure was one of the largest and overall classiest rooms I've slept in.Having said that, everything else is too expensive to get an excellent rating compared to other choices in Berlin. 鈧?2 for 24 hours of internet access? I don't think so. Yes, you had the choice of 鈧?8 if you only wanted web browsing access (so they are blocking mail ports for 鈧?? - ridiculous...). Breakfast was expensive at 鈧?0 per person, but if you combine it with the cheap room rate I had found, I think it is fair. Although I didn't check it out, I'm sure it was good. I took the budget choice and used the local supermarket at the lower level of Friedrichstrasse S-bahn station to stock up the minibar.The margarita in the hotel bar got a 3/5 rating. It would have benefited from a gold tequila.It is extremely near U- and S-bahn station Friedrichstrasse, but I had trouble finding a good selection of restaurants in the vicinity (3-4 blocks of walking).  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>CASTELMAR1
<Content>Excellent Service Hotel In An Unpleasant Town Very efficient and smiling welcome at the reception desk, and excellent service are provided in this Hotel. The rooms are modern, pleasant and very clean, even if the bathroom equipment is rather cheap. Excellent beakfast with a very large variety of products, dedicated to all cultural whishes. Excellent presentation, and efficient service BUT the breakfast room is always crowded, and it may be a hard struggle to find a table on week-end days ! The location is practical (just in front of the S and U-Bahn Friedrichstrasse), but the Hotel is situated in the less elegant part of the Friedrichstrasse, at 1/2 mile from Gendarmenmarkt, and surrounded by heavy public works : well it is an ugly scenery when you get out, but isn't the typical features of Berlin ? We stayed 6 nights, that is definitely a too long time for visiting this so-called capital. We found Berlin without any charm, and of poor interest (weak museums, complex transportation network, difficult or simply not understandable indications for tourists who do not speak German, rather stiff and unpleasant locals) We were badly surprised by the pure Sovietic style which stands as the reference for all Berlin architecture : large avenues, ugly concrete buildings, heavy public works making noise everywhere, total disorder and dramatic lack of coherence in the urban plans : what a nightmarish scenery !!! We shall keep a good memory of the smiling staff of the Hotel MELIA, and that is highly noticeable, because a SMILE is an infinite rarity in Berlin !  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>bullshead
<Content>Location, location, location       wet December morning view from our room, looking N  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>gulyi88
<Content>Very nice hotel, worth the money I was on a business trip, spent here one night. It is great modern hotel, I was very much impressed by the room, spacious, clean and modern and good size bathroom, too. Bed is huge, very comfy, nice bedlinen, you will have a good night-sleep here.Staff is great, speak good english, help you with any question.I've tried the hotel-restaurant as well, great menu, good-size portions and good wine-list!I would recommend this hotel, and next time back in Berlin I will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>myopinionWales
<Content>Excellent Hotel My wife and I spent a weekend at Berlin in October 2007, a city we had wanted to visit for years, and the Melia was an imporatant ingredient in our enjoyment.It is a modern, clean and comfortable hotel, conveniently located for underground and overground trains, but also in easy walking distance of some of Berlin's most famous sites e.g. Brandenburg Gate, the Reichstag, Checkpoint Charlie, Unter den Linden etc.Friedrichstrasse is a busy street that is part of Berlin's renewal, and we were pleased to have a room overlooking this lively street and the floodlit Reichstag, but there was no traffic or building work noise as the double-glazing was very effective. Although our Comfort Room is the more basic of the accommodation available in the hotel we considered it quite luxurious with a spacious bathroom.We booked through Opodo and thought the 拢71.00 per night room rate very good value for a hotel of this standard.The lobby bar was relaxing after a day's sightseeing before going out in the evening, and prices reasonable for a hotel bar.We didn't try the restaurants but the Tapas Bar looked temptinWe felt 20.00euros each for breakfast was excessive and we gave it a miss, but fruhstuck became my new favourite German word as we sampled plentiful breakfasts in traditional cafes along Unter den Linden nearby.The hotel staff were also welocoming and friendly, and I would thoroughly recommend the Melia to any intending visitors to this fascinating city.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>travel4randr
<Content>Nice Hotel - Conveniently Located We stayed at the Melia Berlin, in August, for 3 nights and found it conveniently located to all the sights we wanted to see. We walked everywhere. The room was spacious, clean and modern with a flat screen t.v. and decent size bathroom.We ate breakfast, at the hotel, one morning but preferred to grab something at one of the many bakeries around the hotel and in the nearby train station.We found the best rate on Travelocity. It was $128.00 Canadian where Melia was offering the same room for $130.00 Euros (a savings of $60.00 Canadian per night).  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Dzinte
<Content>Very good Hotel- great setting for sights I was attending a political conference in Berlin and chose this hotel over the conference hotel (just down the road)based on its good reviews. Having been in both hotels I think I made the right choice. As as solo female I also look to hotels that are in safe locations for transport etc as conference events can go on late at night.The room was very comfortable for the price - exceeded what I'd had for the same price in Brighton a few weeks earlier. Nice touch of free Sleep sheep sweets at bedtime!! Trusting place with samples from the Mini bar on an open shelf.My room overlooked Friederichstrasse but I was not disturbed by traffic noise.Breakfast in the hotel 20 Euros but I got a good breakfast of rolls, cheeses and cold meats with coffe eat Adams Cafe a few minutesaway from the hotel for 6 Euros.Walk to bus stop for Tegel is about 5 mins - buses every 10 mins and cost 2 Euros 10. A taxo to the hotel on arrival was under 18 Euros.Hotel is only a few minutes walk from the Reichstag and museum island. Friederichstasse S and U Bahn close to hand. Boat trips along the Spree leave from across the road.Thus an ideal setting.Staff friendly and efficient - my bag was held until I collected it on Sunday afternoon.I would be happy to stay in this hotel again  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DannyBoy007
<Content>Excellent Location and Comfort Rooms were very comfortable.Superb view over the river.Excellent choice for breakfasts (changed daily)Good central location - walking distance to Brandenburg Gate, Reichstag and Tiergarten.TV in English was limited but who goes on holiday to watch TV!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelingFelix
<Content>great modern hotel in good location       view of hotel  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>LadyWanderer
<Content>Good choice for solo traveller I recently stayed here for 4 nights and I can highly recommend this Hotel. Location is fantastic, right beside train station and within walking distance to major sights and restaurants/cafes. Room was very comfortable, if a little too warm for my liking. Bathroom very spacious with great shower. I didn't eat here so I can't comment on the food. The only things I didn't like were the lack both of tea/coffee making facilites and english language tv channels.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>dotful
<Content>Excellent Choice in Berlin Just have to endorse what everyone else seems to be saying about this stylish new hotel. Stayed here for 3 nights in August, and got one of the Level rooms for a good price. Very happy with our extremely comfortable room and bathroom. Relaxing over a free drink in the Level lounge in the evening was enjoyable. Free mineral water in room also a nice touch. For breakfast, we preferred to go down to the main restaurant for an even better choice. Service overall excellent.As for the position, again agree with others that it's ideal. Easy walk to so many sights and museums, plus fantastic transport connections.We would recommend without reservation.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>marcstrauch
<Content>Modern hotel, chain like but high quality, good breakfast, perfect location       Melia Bed  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>jedo1978
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location I stayed in this hotel for a weekend, I chose it due to its central location and proximity to all the sights. The hotel is new and very classy, the staff were friendly and attentive. The food was also excellent and the bar reasonably priced.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>italydream
<Content>This is the place to Stay We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in middle of August. This was fantastic for money we paid (90 Euro). Like other reviews, the hotel is situated in the centre close to all sightseeing spots. And there is a subway station (both S and U bahn) within 5 minutes to the hotel even with luggage. So it makes connecting to the airport and the main train station very very convenient. And it's only about 10 mins walk to either Reichstag, 10 mins to Museum Island, and 15-20 mins to Brendenberg gate, all walking distance. The room is very new, modern, comfortable, and spacious, and spotless. The area is also safe, so no worry there. The hotel is also just behind the river where there are lots of restaurants along. And the staff were very helpful and a smile on their faces all the time. We didn't get the breakfast so can't comment on that. Overall, we would stay here again when we're in Berlin in the future.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>annette02
<Content>best place to stay in berlin Spent four nights in Berlin at this excellent hotel.Cannot recommend it enough for the following reasons.Firstly, it is in a superb position being really central to the most important sites worth seeing and a few steps away from Friedrichstrasse station with good connections to most of Berlin.Secondly, the staff are all polite,helpful and friendly -they go out of their way to help with anything you might need and nothing is too much trouble.Thirdly, the place is spotless,and spacious.Yes, it is very modern and may not have so much character but it is so comfortable and pleasant to return to after a busy day sightseeing.We booked on the internet and got a good price on a Comfort room (the hotel's most basic room but very luxurious!).On arrrival we were told we were entitled to 2 breakfasts for the price of one each day (at 20euros it is not cheap but this deal made it just 10euros each).The breakfast buffet was like a banquet-the best spread for breakfast I have seen anywhere.Only very slight niggle was that at peak times on saturday and sunday it was a bit of a struggle to find a clear table.It is a hotel where customers are cared for very well (eg there is a piece of paper in the room for writng down any things that may need fixing or attention, which can be put on the doorhandle-we had a slightly lose shower attachment,i left a note and it was fixed immedialtely!).This is certainly the place to choose for your stay in Berlin!We'll be back.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wagtails
<Content>lovely modern hotel that met all our expectations Spent 3 nights at the Melia in a Superior room as first time visitors to Berlin and was delighted with our choice of hotel. I booked well in advance and was attracted to this hotel as it was almost brand new and was well located to most of the historical sites around Berlin. I always compare the tariffs available from the various booking agencies and finally compare them to the hotel website. If I can book direct with the hotel at equal, or better price, then this is the way I go. In this instance I got the best price by booking a superior room direct online, which also included breakfast.We travelled from Amsterdam by train to Berlin and had an horrendous trip with a suicide up the line forcing all passengers off the train and bused to an alternative train station where we then took a further 4 trains before arriving in Berlin nearly 3 hours later than expected. By the time we arrived at the hotel we were very hot, bothered and tired so we appreciated the warm and courteous welcome and a fast check-in. Even better when my special request for a room on the higher floors with a view over the river Spree was provided.The room was very spacious with a pleasant decor, large comfortable bed with an abundance of pillows and a large modern bathroom. The view over the river was very relaxing and the heavily insulated glass window/doors kept out any noise from the street below, yet could be opened for fresh air.As it was now after 9pm we decided to use the hotel dining room rather than wander around looking for suitable restaurants. Some prior reviews indicated that the hotel dining room was not the greatest and when we entered to find that only one table was occupied in the huge room we had second thoughts. I am glad that we stayed because the meal and the service provided was one of the best we had in 6 weeks of travelling around Europe and the cost was reasonable.Not being familiar with european wines we were also delighted with the waiter's recommendation after we described the characteristics of the type of wine we prefer.The same huge dining room was used for breakfast which was excellent with a wide and varied choice. You could even have champagne if this is the way you prefer to start the day.Location was just as I had expected. A short walk to the SBahn which was important to us as we were travelling by train to Munich after leaving Berlin. Also we had to join a walking tour the next morning only 1 rail stop away.Just across the river was a string of reasonable quality and popular restaurants which we sampled on the next 2 nights. Besides these restaurants was a small park where an impromptu fireworks display lit up the immediate area for about 15 minutes on the next night, which we enjoyed from the comfort of our room. We also took a river cruise with its departure point right in front of the hotel.The staff we encountered during our stay were friendly. We find that it always helps to try and greet them using our best attempt at there own language and treat them the way we would like to be treated - always works, and the excellent service and response to our requests flows from there.When we checked out we said that we had had a very enjoyable stay at the hotel and would have said so in writing if their feedback form was in english as well as german. Berlin is an interesting place to visit, but probably not a city that we would come back to again and again. But if we did, we would certainly consider staying at the Melia.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jetset87
<Content>We loved Melia Berlin This hotel was Great! The location was amazing, right next to the S-bahn and within walking distance of soooo many sites! The room was very very spacious and the bed was so comfortable and clean. All the ammenities were great... the flat screen tv, the big bathroom, the Sauna and gym, the view over the canal etc. Check in was a little rough because we arrived at 6am and even though i had asked for an early check in they didn't have our room ready until 3pm. But they locked up our bags so we could go explore the city. Breakfast is very expensive but i would recommend walking to a bakery inside of the S-bahn station across the street (they actually have really good food) or there is a starbucks about a block down the street. I would recommend this hotel to everyone because it was a very comfortable stay...and the price is perfect!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stefy_76
<Content>Great hotel We have spent five days at the Melia Hotel in Berlin and it was a fantastic stay. The hotel is in a really central position, Friedrich Strasse is in the heart of the city: you have the main tourist attractions just a short walk away and plenty of restaurants and bars. The train/underground station is on the other side of the street so you can go anywhere in the city from there.The hotel in itself was really good too: the room was clean, tidy and big, the toilet was huge and even the hair dryer was a proper one; it was positioned at the back of the hotel, facing the internal courtyard so the view wasn't probably the best but it was pretty quite and we couldn't hear any noises at all during the night. The staff was helpful and always really nice. We would be quite happy to stay at the hotel again!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sparks07
<Content>Fabulous Hotel My husband and I spent 3 days at the Melia in July and truly loved it. The rooms were modern and spacious. Flat screen TV, heated floor tiles and large windows that open were just a few of the added touched that made this hotel a great choice. Our room, 454, overlooked the Spree River and although there is not a balcony, it was just as good. You could open up both of the floor to ceiling windows and enjoy the view or rest on the iron railing and breathe in the fresh air. The two tub chairs were very comfortable as was the king bed. Breakfast (included in our price) was fabulous complete with Champagne. The hotel was also convenient to trams, sights and great restaurants. We hope to return some day.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MosquitoSweden
<Content>First class hotel near all the sights My wife and I stayed at Berlin Melia for two nights in july 2007. We had a junior suite (the Level) on the 8th floor. The room was large and very well equipped. The bathroom was spacious. Everything looked new and very clean. Bathrobe and slippers was supllied without cost. The breakfast, which was included in this category, was served in a special breakfast room for Level guests only. It was delicious. The staff was very polite and always ready to help us. Nearby, across the river Spree, we found a nice Indian restaurant, and many other eating places. The excursion boats on the Spree are some fifty meters from the hotel entrance and museums are in walking distance. S-Bahn and U-Bahn (Bhf Friedrichstrasse) are also very near the hotel. I can honestly highly recommend this very fine hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NoneColumbus
<Content>Not up to American standards This hotel is apparently owned by a Spanish company and is located in what used to be East Berlin. It is close to a train station and is about a ten minute walk away from the Brandenburg Gate. The check-in went smoothly. All the desk clerks spoke acceptable English. The room was acceptably large and clean. The bed was large and comfortable. The bathroom was large and clean. The selection of TV channels in English was miserable. About all they had that was sort of worth watching in English was a British news channel. I was particularly amazed by an English language channel that contained only programming about what a great place mainland China was and what a wonderful government it had. It was pure propaganda and nothing else. Maybe it was a holdover from the days of East Germany. I never saw anything quite like it. That was their idea of what their English speaking guests would want to watch? It is incredible they could be that out of touch.Our guide suggested avoiding the hotel restaurants. He said they were expensive, had very slow service and their food was not all that great. They were virtually empty the whole time we were there, which seemed to confirm our guide was not the only one holding that opinion. Anyway, there were many restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel. It was Sunday and the banks and about every other business (except the restaurants) were closed. I tried to change money at the desk, since all the banks were closed. The clerk said she didn't have any cash to do that. We had to go quite a way to find a restaurant that took credit cards. Most did not, making me think that part of East Berlin had not fully picked up the business practices of the West. That meal cost twice as much as what we paid the next night at a much closer, just as good restaurant, where we paid cash.There was supposed to be wireless internet in the room, but I couldn't get a signal. There was cable internet, which I couldn't get to work -- probably me not knowing how to do it. There were three computers in the lobby, supposedly available for about six dollars for half an hour. However, when I went to get my pass word at the desk, the clerk said they were out of order. I asked her when she thought they might be working again. She got pretty annoyed by that question and said she had no idea. However, the computers did work late the next morning and I was able to successfully get on the internet for my six dollar half hour.There were no ice machines. The front desk clerk said to get ice at the bar. However, the bar tender acted like I was crazy when I asked for some ice. He sent me to the restaurant, where I found no one. I went back to the desk, where the clerk asked me why I hadn't gone to the bar. When I told her the bar had refused, she sent a bell hop to the restaurant. He found a waiter outside and after a long conversation, he said he'd get me some ice from the kitchen. I waited some fifteen minutes, during which time I saw him hauling luggage. He finally came up with a small bucket of ice. I didn't try to get ice again after that. I can't say anyone was ever out and out rude to us. However, sometimes requests for help or service brought a rolling of eyes and a disgusted look. There were no shops in the hotel. The closest shops were in the train station, about a block away. There was an included hot breakfast. The selection and quality of the food was excellent. The service personnel spoke no English, but they kept the food stocked and the tables clean.This hotel was not horrible by any means. However, it just was not up to American standards. Maybe its being in the former East Germany is the reason it just didn't seem to have its act together when it came to catering to guests and having amenities you come to expect in most hotels -- even abroad. Melia may not be a company with its roots in the former East German, but the people who work there and manage it likely are. To all appearances, they have a lot to learn about the niceties many guests expect.While it was not the nightmare we have run into at other hotels where we have stayed a few times in the past (like the totally horrible one where we stayed in Naples [e.g., bed bugs, no air conditioning] a couple years back), we would never stay at the Berlin Melia again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	2	2	

<Author>Dennis A1
<Content>Excellent Hotel This review is written from a tourist point of view.Stayed at the Melia from 11/07/07 until 16/07/07 with wife and 2 other friends. We had 2 rooms on The Level. These were excellent if a little small. All the fittings were first class and the room was kept in first class condition. Bathroom was excellent. Lots of soaps etc. Cleaned morning and evening, fresh towels twice per day. Staff were on duty all day to assist if required. In the evening from 6.00P.M. tapas and a range of wines, spirits and soft drinks were availabe on a serve yourself basis. Breakfast is also served here. There is always lots of space. Things might be different outside July/August when businessmen returnHad 2 excellent meals in the Cafe Madrid in the hotel.There are a range of restaurants just over the road from the hotel were we ate ouside beside the river Spree. It was great sitting by the riverside watching the tour boats and private cruisers going up and down the river all lit up.The restaurants were really good with great young staff. This hotel is very central and a lot of the main sights are fairly close. If you are a walker Berlin is very flat.We found all the staff at the Melia very helpful especially the staff on The Level.The hotel is also just beside the departure point for river tours.1 hour city river tours for 8 Euro and longer 31/2 hour tours for 16 Euro are available. On the longer tour which departs at 10.00A.M. and 6.30P.M. a simple range of hot and cold food for purchase is available which is excellent for a meal out on the river. We did both tours, the longer one was the best. The short tour departs hourly all day.The hop on/off bus is the best way to see the sights-15-20Euro for all day. I was amazed at the size of Berlin. Its vast, and there are waterways and canals everywhere.Berlin will have to catch up as regards providing literature and tours for non Germans. I found it difficult to get tour details.The hotel had lots of literature but only very basic details in English. Hard luck for those who do not speak German or English. In fact all the tours I went on were for Germans with English as an add on. I found only 1 chap, a South African, who provided tours exclusively in Enlish using a mini bus. He was excellent ant took us on a Berlin city tour lasting 3 hours He showed us absolutely everything in places where the larger bus cannot go. He agreed that Berlin is unfortunately far from the standard found in Paris, Madrid, Rome etc as regards tours and info for non nationals.However, I found Berlin great and everywhere is clean. The taxis are great.One last word about the Melia. When we left for the airport my wife forgot her cardigan and left it in reception. Luckily I had the telephone number of The Level and rang them. The girls went and found the item and despatched it to the Airport and even paid the taxi. Service indeed!!!You can do so much from the Melia whether it be walking or river tours, and as somebody else wrote it still smells new.Berlin and The Melia- I will be back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mahadana
<Content>Wonderful new hotel. Excellent hotel with sophisticated decor and great service. The location is very close to the museums and central for much sighseeing. There are very good restaurants just across the river that the staff will recommend--take them up on this. It felt like a bargain for the quality of the experience.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pennytours
<Content>value for money We booked well in advance (the price went up nearer the time).We booked 'The Level' which is the business floor.When we arrived we were checked in on the 7th floor special check-in. Our room was comfortable ,quiet , clean, but small.The hotel is next to the river Spree on Friedrichstrasse which is very well placed for everything .Being on 'The Level' includes a great breakfast,drinks and snacks throughout the day and tapas in the evening in a comfortable dining-room and lounge on the 7th floor. there is someone on hand to help you throughout the day.We paid 150 euros per night incl which we thought was good value for it's star rating.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kel77
<Content>Location, Location, Location We stayed at the Melia Berlin for four nights in at the start of Juneand had a lovely time. The room was a great size.....cleaned daily....and had a balcony/window looking over the river spree. The location of the hotel is Perfect we only had to take a train once andthat was to the zoo....and is only a 2minute walk to the train station (Friedrichstrasse). We explored the rest of berlin on foot...brandenburg gate and Unter Den Linden are about a 10 minute walk, Checkpoint Charlie about 20 minutes, Reichstag about 15...the sony centre and potsdamer platz is about a 30 minute walk....even the TV Tower is within walking distance......and there are plenty cafes to stop for a pilsner along the way :- ) Would definately recommend heading up to Orienstrasse for bars/food......it says in the guides its a bit dodgy but we found it to be okay......there was a few prostitutes but they don't hassle people for business. There is a fabulous diner called sixties there would recommend for food.....you feel like you are in grease and a bar called bellini that does the best cherry daiquiries....ever. Would also say if going to Berlin Zoomake sure you get there before either 11.00 or 1.00 and make sure youare at Knuts enclosure half an hour before as they only bring him outtwice a day for about half an hour....we were lucky enough to see him.......but there were huge queques of people who never got through. Anyway back to the Melia, would definately recommend Tapas bar...food delicious and really reasonable.....don't sit outside though costhe service takes ages. There is a guy on the concierge that is really helpful too. Also, lobby lounge was pretty lively as far as a lot of hotel lobby go....as in there were a few people there everynight and Strawberry Daiquiris were delightful if a bit pricey.I will definately go back to Berlin and will definately stay at the Melia again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravellingTwoOregon
<Content>Adequate but Pricey Hotel Melia Berlin was an acceptable place to stay. My husband and I spent two nights there in May 2007. The hotel was easy to find from the train station (Friedrichstrasse). It is quite large, and has the feeling of a big chain hotel. The room was spacious, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was clean, large and nicely fitted. There was a small amount of street noise, but we were staying there the night of a big soccer match and the streets overall were very loud. The noise level was not enough to wake me from sleep.  We had two hangups. One was that we had to telephone the hotel to get a reservation because the website wasn't working. The second was that we understood one breakfsat to have been included in the rate of 180 Euros a night. When we checked out, we learned that a 20 Euro breakfast fee had been attached to each night and were told that we had to pay the fee for one breakfast every night whether we ate there or not. Because of that experience, I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	2	2	

<Author>DrHotel
<Content>What a shame A really lovely hotel, location could not be better BUT the air conditioning doesn't work properly. This problem is only just being revealed as the hotel was only opened last October so this is the first spring/summer. We complained but were told that it was 'the German way' of air conditioning...utter nonsense of course. Was too hot to sleep properly and this is only in May, god know what it will be like in midsummer. We were told that other people had also complained so it wasn't just a problem with our room  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	4	3	2	

<Author>AlexRobin
<Content>Simply Fabulous The pictures you see posted by travelers are exactly what the rooms look like. New, modern and very clean. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel only praises. Great location (near the train), close to places of interest and 15 mins from TEGEL. Our room was overlooking the river elbe and it was just beautiful. They have a tapas restaurant in the hotel, grocery is in the train station and points of interests are just walking distance away. The service is ok, nothing worth praising for but nothing worth criticizing. We got a rate of 103 Euro per night which is an extremely great deal. It has all the room amenities of a 5 star hotel. I was very satisfied with this hotel and will definitely use it again if we are ever back in Berlin.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>citeseer
<Content>Highly recommended. As other reviewers have said, Hotel Melia is in an excellent location. We walked to all the places of interest in the former East from here and Friedrichstrasse S and U-bahn stations are minutes away. We arrived by train, the new Hauptbahnhof station is one stop away in one direction and Hackeschermarkt (where the highly recommended Original Walking Tours begin) is one stop in the other direction. The Berlin train system is very easy to use, epecially with a Welcome Card which gives unlimited travel.Our room was on the sixth floor overlooking the River (and the building site) but very quiet. It was surprisingly large and very clean and comfortable, still as new. The colour scheme: bright green, purple and gold, may not be to everyone's taste.The Melia has the advantages and disadvantages of a large chain of hotels. Standards are reliable and good but there is a certain inflexibility too. When I asked about the possibility of a later check-out I was told by the man in reception that check-out was 12.00 and ALL the rooms were booked. This may well have been true but I was not reassured by his preemptory reply. We felt we would not be able to do justice to the breakfast at 20 Euros per person so went down the road to Starbucks instead. There are lots of eating places near the hotel. Breakfast apart, we thought this hotel was very good value and would recommend it highly.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>houl
<Content>Fantastic Property Just back from a Long weekend in Berlin! first time there and it is such a fantasttic cosmopolitan place.We booked one of the level rooms which are the executive rooms for 170 per night. This was worth every cent as this property could not be faulted in any way. The Exec or  level  rooms are on the 7 th floor with fantastic balconies overlooking the river spree and the reichstag in the background.Large rooms with all the usual including robes slippers and 32 flat TV!Contemporary boutique in style ( except for the chendeliers in the lobby , dont know why?) every thing feels and looks new as it is only open since October 06. These roooms also give you access to the Exec boardroom,l which is where breakfast is served just to the Exec rooms and what a breakfast with over 12 diffrent cold meats , 7 freshly baked breads and hot buffet with eggs ( not over cooked just bang on) bacon and sausage, 10 juices freshly squezzed. And only about 4-5 people there at any time.All day then there is a free self service full bar and relaxing lounge with canapes in the evening, a great spot to hot before you head out on the town!From check in to check out , the staff were miticolous in every ting they did, all smiles , checking up to ensure every thing was ok and enquiring if they could do any thing else for you. Friendly but professional and not intrusive.I have posted a number of reviews on properties from supposed 3 star to 5 star with trip advisor from good to poor. But by far I will say Hotel Melia have it Bang on! We are already booking a group of 8 to go in July! and Melia has our business.!IF you like 4- star boutique conpemorary Hotels .You'd be mad to go any where else for these prices.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>john017
<Content>Modern comfy hotel, great location and great service the location was great, just opposit the major train hub with lots of shops, on the semi-eastern part of the berlin.the hotel was superb. the rooms comfy and clean, the WC room was great, the service beyond excellent and the food amazing.this is a great choise.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>Lainee_L
<Content>Definitely worth a stay I've used Trip Advisor many times to book hotels and I have to honestly say that after reading all the very good reviews for this hotel, it didn't disappoint.The hotel is huge, the room had good decor/furnishings and it was both clean and more than comfortable. The staff were helpful and booked us a taxi back to the airport. Most importantly it was a very good price for the type and quality of hotel.The hotel is ideally located on Friedrichstrasse, which is one of the main roads in the Mitte part of the city. All the main sights are within walking distance from the hotel - Museum island, the Brandenburg Gate, the Reichstag, the TV tower and it's not too far to the east-meeting point of the Original Walking Tour, which I would definitely recommend. If you've got a spare few hours, the German History Museum on Unter the Linten is good value for money and has quite a few good exhibitions. A visit to the TV tower and the Reichstag are also musts but you might have to queue a while for both.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jaxterix
<Content>Very comfortable hotel For anyone wanting to stay in this wonderful city, you couldn't do much wrong staying at the Melia.A really good 4 star hotel in a very central location, a short walk from almost all major attractions.Book an Executive room and you'll be offered the chance to visit the Executive lounge for 30Euros per room per night on top. This gives you breakfast, and unlimited alcoholic beverages for a period of time.The staff were very friendly overall, but don't rely upon the Concierge for information though. He misinformed us about a tour which almost ruined our trip.The only other aspect to bear in mind for a few months anyway is the construction work that is going on outside the Hotel. It will spoil your view and ambiance if you opt for the lovely river view, but the good double glazing means that the noise does not disturb you.Definately stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ynguy
<Content>It still smells new When I arrived at this hotel I really liked the modern design of the lobby with the exception of the tacky chandeliers.I cannot comment on the efficiency of the check in as the hotel ( Swiss么tel ) I stayed before this one had already checked me in over the phone. The only thing I had to do was collecting my keys.I proceeded to the Level ( their Exec Floor on the 7th and 8th floor ) where I was met by a helpful and very friendly receptionist who guided me through all the amenities on this floor and in the room.I was impressed by the spacious room with a great view on the river Spree and the dome of the Reichstag. A fruitbasket and water were already laid out which was a nice touch. During my stay I noticed the water was replenished everyday.i was less enchanted with the stand in the bath shower. In this day and age you expect newly built hotels to go for either a seperate bath and shower or only a walk in shower.Turndown was provided every evening which is always nice.Once I hit the sack though I noticed that the duvet was much too thick ( so I turned up the air conditioning ). I think they should have gone for a thinner duvet and the money they had saved on that invested in better quality bedding. Have too say that the bedding certainly had not enough treads per square inch. It felt somewhat rough.The lounge provided a pretty decent breakfast and you can also order your eggs any way you like. In the afternoon cakes were laid out and in the evening from sixish until 22:30 hot and cold tapas and all kind of alcoholic beverages. For my 150 Euro's a night ( double occupancy room ) this certainly was a pretty good deal.The staff was overall excellent!.Unfortunately the 2 internet stations in the far corner of the lobby had teething problems so the promised internet was not avaiable during my 5 nigth stay.As I usually like to take a taxi ( they are cheap and operated by excellent drivers who do not bother you with chit chat only when you want it) I found out that it is not possible to have a taxi rank due to the location to the hotel. One has to ask reception for one and wait a few minutes.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DavidManchester
<Content>Fabulous I cannot add much to the previous reviews - very welcoming hotel next Friedrichstrasse train station and a perfect central location for sightseeing. Large rooms and a huge bed, prices at the hotel bar are very reasonable, my only slight criticism would be the 20 Euro price tag for breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SpectatorBelfast
<Content>A Good Choice In Berlin for a short business trip.Wanted to book a traditional German hotel - but ended up with the Melia because the rate was so good for the executive floor( called The Level in the hotel).I was very pleased with this modern hotel.The photos on Tripadvisor taken by reviewers give an accurate snapshot .It is very central next to a large S/U Bann station(note surprisingly little noise ).Everything in Mitte is walkable.The Melia is also located next to the River Spee - see photos.Very picturesque from my window.Unfortunately,a site is being cleared beside the river which may limit views from the hotel in the near future.On the other hand , there did not seem to be any foundations being prepared so it may (one hopes) be used for amenity space.The room on The Level (floor 7)was very spacious and modern.The bed was massive with numerous choices of pillows.The bathroom was again large and well equiped.The bathrobe actually fitted a normal sized person !.Food in the hotels first floor main restaurant (on 1 meal ) was at a very reasonable standard for a hotel.In the wine list the Spanish wines were expensive arguably: the German wines were better value.For outside meals close to the hotel cross the bridge(ie out of town)and turn immediate left along the riverbank about 50m just past the theatre .The are approx 3 gastro style pubs and a similar no. of restaurants who prima facie cater for theatregoers. A meal in one we found good value and enjoyable.Refer to the photos again, you can see the riverside restaurants from the upstairs hotel rooms.One aspect of The Level is worthy of mention.The hotel operates a business class airport style dining area/lounge on the 7th floor for those residents who are on the 7th and 8th floors.You take your breakfast there separately from the other guests.Self service but a reasonable choice with staff very attentive.In the evening drinks and tapas are free in the lounge.On our !st night drinks and tapas were in plentiful supply.By contrast on the following night ,drinks and tapas were rather meagre.This was disappointing since the hotel had created the expectation.In conclusion ,this is a good hotel in a central ,riverside location.I shall return .  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>tellall1
<Content>Great hotel in a excellent location Brand new hotel and great location. Hotel has modern furnishing and luxury bathroom w/ nice soak tub for those sore legs. French doors that open so u can see down the street and across the Spree River. Even from the 3rd floor, good city views of the glass top of the Foster designed Reichstag, the glass Freidrich train stop across the street. Hotel staff was helpful, not the best. Bed mattress o k and do call housekeeping for a top sheet. Tapas rest. off lobby was nice food and good design. It was a 2 block walk to Museum Is. Do go to the German History Musuem w/ the I M Pei extention cuz it has a great permanent exhibit and temp. one on political propaganda from 1930-45 for USSR, USA, Nazi's and Italy. Buy the all day train/bus pass for 5.60 Euro cuz it's easy to jump on and off the S line[train above] U line [subway} and city buses and trams. Easy to use. Also take the U [subway stop right out side Hotel] to Kurt Schumacher stop andtransfer to the #128 bus to get to the Tegel Airport quicker than a cab during rush hour traffic [25 min] and $2.70 E only.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CCJE
<Content>Excellent Hotel Excellent hotel in a location full of character. , close to Brandenberg Gate and shopping district. One minute walk from Freidrichstrasse Station with some excellent restaurants close by. We particularly liked the Vaporetto Italian restaurant across the river as well as an excellent Vietnamese restaurant which ran along the side of the station.They were both very reasonably priced although a common problem in all German restaurants is the high density of smokers. The hotel was modern, clean and efficient. We had standard rooms on the 4th floor which were also suitable for disabled guests - these rooms were very spacious with an enormous state of the art shower. Breakfast was excellent although busy during the week due to conferences. Even at its busiest everything was well stocked and nicely presented. We found the staff to be efficient and helpful in particular the concierge.Would certainly stay here again. Excellent value for money.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CurdworthCruiser
<Content>It's Good All the previous reviewers have said it all. We booked 3 nights in a Superior Room BB for a great price on the hotel web site,and to be honest our expectations were exceeded.Breakfast is superb ,the range of options available is amazing and blew away all previous hotels ,the staff were helpful and friendly.The rooms are well equipped ,new ,clean ,the decour attractive. As one reviewer pointed out it is expensive for anything outside what you have already paid for but is to be expected.The hotel Bar is ok small seating area and yes you have delegates from conferences hanging about but its not a problem ,the cost of a drink is more so, but there are enough in the area and wider afield to satisfy all needs.Can not comment on the Tapas Bar or the restaurant as we didn't eat there but i would anticipate it to be very good.The area is excellent for the tourist thing, with Friedrichstrasse Station on the doorstep, so don't pay the 30 euro taxi fare if you are flying in to Schonefeld get the train 2.10 euro per person, just as fast, but i don't think the front desk get many low fare flight customers as they are incredulous when you refuse the offer to organise a taxi for you.All of the major attractions are within walking distance but get a day ticket ,ride the U and S Bahns ,the 100 Bus (everywhere you want to go) and it also includes the Airport Express, a public transport system second to none.If you turn right out of the hotel and cross the bridge you will find the Friedrichstadtplast Theatre if you fancy a show, or if you cross and turn left an area of Bars and restaurants,not fantastic but adequate and reasonable.Berlin is a fabulous city ,go ,and stay at the Melia while the rate lasts but beware one of the reception staff he was the most unfriendly,unhelpful downright ignorant person i'd met in a long time,but he was the exception and he made me laugh,sadly i didn't get his name, but you will know him i promise, always has a piece of paper in his hand.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Canadian_in_London28
<Content>Suprisingly great value Booked this hotel due to it's good reviews on tripadvisor.com and a great rate on Expedia. Paid 拢90 for an executive suite which ended up being a tremendous value. With a suite you get free soft-drinks and beer all day, a great breakfast (literally really great), enough tapas at night that we skipped dinner, and a really nice room near the top floor. Couldn't have been any better. It's right near everything and only 30 seconds from the Friedichstrar S-Bahn and DB train station.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>directions_123
<Content>Great Hotel       view from window  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bofcof
<Content>Ideal Location at a good price.            
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bilbaina
<Content>brand new hotel, superb location, wonderful buffet breakfast We stayed in the hotel in Janaury for 3 nights and it was perfect: new hotel, perfectly located (close to Friedrichstrasse train station), affordable price, excelent buffet breakfast included in the price, helpful staff... We would recommend to anybody visiting Berlin, specially to spanish people, as most of the staff spoke Spanish... We will look forward to coming again to Berlin and to this hotel!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AlexCarlisle
<Content>Great Hotel Brand new hotel in excellent location. Staff always helpful and service very good. Only criticisms are that the bar is in an open plan lobby and seemed underused as did the Tapas bar and restaurant. Perhaps the reason for this was the other bars and restaurants nearby. Just over the river the Ganymed Brasserie was top class if a little expensive, The Standige Vertretung was a big hit for beers and wholesome German food. Also across the bridge at Friedrichstrasse 113, Ristorante Peretti served up top class pasta dishes and mammoth pizzas at very low cost.Beware of the cost of extras in the hotel, Bar drinks, mini bar etc.If not travelling alone sign up fot the MAS card (free) which provodes a free breakfast for a second person. (normal cost 20 euros)  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>JanBerlin
<Content>Good With A Few Exceptions       Junior Suite 818 - Balcony View  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Hinckley,Leics
<Content>New Hotel, Great Location   showReview(6320449, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>dbv73
<Content>fantastic       bathroom  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Nu327
<Content>Grat, great Hotel!!   showReview(6316678, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Reiser
<Content>Great service at the club Level       sitting area in the middle  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Aethelred
<Content>Still too many glitches   showReview(6062825, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	3	1	

<Author>lucydurling
<Content>Fab hotel   showReview(6046886, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Saint-Domingos
<Content>A Great Hotel   showReview(6016846, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alminara
<Content>Excelente y bien situado   showReview(22831001, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>PFrancisco
<Content>Lo mejor el trato del personal del hotel   showReview(22318374, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>plus_ultra_77
<Content>Perfekter Schlaf in Berlins Mitte   showReview(21123708, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ferula
<Content>posizione ottimale   showReview(20535288, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy bien ubicado, junto al r铆o...   showReview(20770222, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>attraktiver Ausgangspunkt f眉r Berlin-Reisende   showReview(20550684, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Uebernachtung mitten in der Stadt   showReview(20550683, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>piotr68
<Content>UN HOTEL MAGNIFICO   showReview(19817722, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr beeindruckt   showReview(20550682, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>lo consiglio   showReview(20550685, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastico!   showReview(19634614, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rosa7Madrid
<Content>Fenomenal hotel y excelente ubicaci贸n   showReview(19381753, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel und sehr gute Lage   showReview(19634610, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Viajera-Puig
<Content>Sin duda mi pr贸xima elecci贸n cuando vuelva a Berlin       Vistas des de la habitaci贸n  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>C'猫 di meglio per quel prezzo.   showReview(19634609, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bleibt in meiner Wahl !   showReview(19634608, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu empfehlen   showReview(19634607, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19634613, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder.   showReview(19634612, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale Lage am Spreeufer   showReview(19634611, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai sans h茅siter   showReview(19634605, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retournerai volontiers   showReview(19634604, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis stimmt   showReview(18529342, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carmenfergo
<Content>!!!Excelente hotel en magn铆fica localizaci贸n隆隆隆       Vista desde habitacion The Level  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Luxus in zentraler Lage   showReview(18529341, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder!!!   showReview(18529339, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚n....   showReview(18529333, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jetrena
<Content>volver铆a seguro, pero...   showReview(17289249, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel in Toplage   showReview(17439906, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Modern und Gut   showReview(17439905, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super zentral gelegen und f眉r einen Kurzaufenthalt top   showReview(17439904, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super hotel in berlin   showReview(16606787, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelFranz
<Content>Stupendo Hotel   showReview(16259325, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien   showReview(16606786, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>parfait pour partir a la d茅couverte de Berlin   showReview(16606785, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel neuf qu'on dirait d茅cor茅 dans les ann茅es 80...   showReview(16606782, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel in posizione strategica   showReview(16606783, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'en parlerai aux futurs visiteurs de berlin   showReview(16606781, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AlicanteMarieta
<Content>Muy centrico, pero no hablan espa帽ol   showReview(15142986, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentale Lage, direkt am Bahnhof Friedrichstr.   showReview(15567977, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>anaGuadalajara
<Content>Muy buena ubicaci贸n, habitaci贸n grande       habt11  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' un hotel nuovissimo, in...   showReview(16726563, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel in sehr guter Lage   showReview(14735579, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銇究鍒┿€併儶銉笺偤銉娿儢銉仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169289, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sofort wieder   showReview(13978106, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans hesiter   showReview(13978105, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(13978104, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Marta3
<Content>Altamente recomendable....un lujo!!!!   showReview(13172093, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel, zentrale Lage!   showReview(13196394, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Neues Hotel in bester Lage   showReview(13196393, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Familie_mit_2_Kids
<Content>Personal ist sich nicht gr眉n...   showReview(12098638, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姘楁寔銇°倛銇忔粸鍦ㄣ仹銇嶃倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19167205, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(11304199, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo perch猫 vicino al centro   showReview(11304196, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11304198, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr empfehlenswert als Alternative zu den Hotels um den Gendarmenamarkt   showReview(11304197, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>steelady
<Content>gew枚hnungsbed眉ftiges Benehmen an der Reception   showReview(8749574, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pabloid
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(8715616, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bibimadrid
<Content>Estupendo este hotel   showReview(8712136, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Lobato
<Content>The Level, maravilloso   showReview(8689025, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Aspido
<Content>Recomendable   showReview(8451152, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consigliamo sicuramente; 猫 un hotel davvero confortevole   showReview(11447973, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(11447972, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>javierignaciogarcia
<Content>Decepcionante - No recomendable   showReview(8252568, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>suncita
<Content>Un hotel de lujo en una ubicaci贸n de lujo   showReview(8138701, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gutes Hotel   showReview(11429699, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>reisefee30
<Content>Ok, aber in Berlin gibts besseres   showReview(7594089, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	1	3	2	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr neues hotel im spanischen Stil   showReview(11429698, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mark_penny
<Content>Empfehlenswert mit kleinen Einschr盲nkungen   showReview(7564190, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr茅s central, id茅al pour d茅couvrir Berlin, accueil parfait,   showReview(11414671, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder,   showReview(11414670, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Monsieur-le-Duc
<Content>Durchschnitt   showReview(7208712, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Novios
<Content>maginifico, volveria sin dudar   showReview(7196737, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tess-Morana
<Content>Un hotel maravilloso       View from our room  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅   showReview(11393996, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un capodanno davvero cool   showReview(11385322, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo.   showReview(11385321, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Barcelona1Spain
<Content>Muy buen hotel   showReview(6564831, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>ROBITALIA
<Content>OTTIMO E IN POSIZIONE FANTASTICA NELLA BERLINO EST.   showReview(6554466, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima Scelta   showReview(11384771, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>teatreira
<Content>Estuvimos muy c贸modos   showReview(6316669, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausgezeichneter Tipp   showReview(11366420, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>immer wieder gerne, sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(11366418, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r ein Haus dieser Kategorie zu mager...   showReview(11366417, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr geschmackvolle Zimmer und perfekte Lage   showReview(11366416, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11366410, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schlechtes Hotel   showReview(11366412, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentral gelegen und super Ausstattung   showReview(11366411, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

