<Author>heyyahblah
<Content>Great Value/Price Friendly Staff/Service       Our ROOM (3203)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Euqinom
<Content>getaway from it all we just needed a getaway from it all. Stayed on the 42 floor for the weekend and enjoyed every minute of it. The staff at the front desk was very helpful and nice. They went out of their way to help us when needed.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maheamun
<Content>Great Fun Getaway this was our second time here. We enjoyed the view from our room on the 32 floor. Everything is pretty close to the hotel. The staff at the front desk is very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mommy_Of_Three_Keiki
<Content>One of my new favorite hotels! I travel to Oahu every 2-3 months and have stayed at several different properties, many of which I refuse to return to, so before this last trip I did some research on the Island Colony. I read a few of the reviews and looked at some of the photos, but thought that I would try it out for myself anyway.Upon check in we were greeted by a very nice gentleman who treated us like guests. (When I say this I mean it, because we are local to the Islands and usually when a hotel sees local people checking in they treat you differently than they would a visitor from the mainland) We got a room overlooking the pool, not the best, but we didn't spend much time there anywhere. The unit had a full size micro, apt size fridge, sink, utensils, dishes, coffeemaker, etc. Pretty much how and what is described on the web site. There were two double beds, small table for eating and a large lanai. Although the bathroom was on the small side, there was still a full shower/tub. The one pet peeve that bothered me was no overhead lighting, just three lamps that needed to be independently turned on. Small issue, no big deal.We did however, have a problem with the main door, which was eventually fixed. It seemed to have been jammed on something that was preventing it from opening easily. This occurred from the moment we checked in. We reported it and it took until the following morning for it to get repaired, but nonetheless, it did get done.The staff there is extremely pleasant - front desk, security, housekeeping. Everyone always seemed to be smiling and saying Hello. Very good customer service. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. It's within walking distance to the International Marketplace, nightclubs, restaurants and many other shops and dining. Ala Moana is also just a short drive away.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BudgetTraveler94010
<Content>Mostly good, some problems       Diamond Head Sunrise  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	2	1	

<Author>Miata-lover
<Content>Nice for the price We booked this hotel through a package deal with Northwest airlines and the price was so low, we were very apprehensive. The staff at the hotel was great. Checked-in was fast and easy and when we checked out, since our flight didn't leave until 11:00 pm, they let us store our bags at the hotel all day, so we didn't have to drag them around waikiki.The room was clean and from the balcony, we could see a bit of ocean, the golf course, the outriggers racing up and down the canal, and a little bit of Diamondhead. All in all, it was a nice room.We use the city busses when we go to Ohau, and this hotel is within a block of a bus stop where six or seven different bus routes stop. It made it extremely easy to get around the island.The International Market Place is less than a block away, and the beach is about four blocks (maybe a half mile). There are plenty of places to eat and things to do within walking distance of the hotel.The swimming pool and spa are on the sixth floor and they looked nice, but we spent most of our time on the beach (or shopping), and never got a chance to use them.We will definetly consider using this hotel again the next time we stay in Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>LuckyLucy98103
<Content>Great Value Currently staying on 33rd floor--fantastic view of Diamond Head, canal and ocean! Very clean. Great water pressure in shower with an abundance of hot water. Bed horrible in our first room on the first night. Staff couldn't have been more accommodating and immediately moved us across the hall so now I can say comfortable bed. Room decor is a bit shabby chic but staff more than makes up for it. We're staying for two weeks and are feeling very at home. Definitely will be back.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>TxOrchid
<Content>Would stay there again We did not want to spend a lot of money on a room we would not spend a lot of time in. I expected a room with a bed and tv; what we got was that plus more. We had a small kitchenette, a lanai (patio) with a great view of the ocean, Waikiki and the mountains and we were just a few blocks from the beach. It is the middle of Waikiki...I have read reviews about the place before we stayed there... If you want a clean place to sleep and clean up before you go back out and are not concerned about everything being super fancy this is a great place to stay. I have read in other reviews about roaches, I saw 1 on the lanai the whole time we were there. Since we lived in HI before and know there is no place on the island without them, having only seen one outside was really impressive to us.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>abby2446
<Content>was a clean hotel Overall it was a nice hotel. Was only 3 blocks from ocean. Only problem we had was only 3 towels daily for four people. Had to leave note each day,to ask for one more towel. also had to pay $1.00 for coffee each day for coffeepot. wish it would of had a resturant which we didn't notice when booking. So had to walk 2 blocks for food.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Opera_lover054
<Content>Good value After agreeing to pay $130/night for a one bedroom suite in Waikiki, I had a terrible feeling that it would be a real dive but was very agreeably surprised by the reality. Aqua Island Colony has, perhaps, seen better days, and there are few if any extras, but in Waikiki you could pay a lot more for less.Our apartment was a corner on the 41st floor, so we had heart-stopping views from the living room and bedroom. The kitchen and bathroom were adequate and clean, although old and a trifle shabby. There was plenty of storage space and although nothing in the place is new, it is in reasonable condition.There is a lot of construction going on on the pool level, and the pool area itself wasn't terribly inviting. They offer free wi-fi in the lobby only and you can pick up a free newspaper in the morning. The location is excellent.Altogether, we were quite pleased with the experience.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>slim30
<Content>Very Very nice hotel Me and my fiancee recently stayed at the Colony Hotel while we spent the night with some friends for her 30th birthday. We arrived at the hotel after check in and had no problems checking in. Our room was on the 20th floor, it was a large room. The room was very clean, and I slept like a baby with no experience of bed bugs. The staff were very friendly, and helpful. The Hotel is in walking distance of some great clubs, restaurants, and shopping. I have to say that my overall experience at the Aqua Island Colony Hotel was very pleasant. I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>XBoi
<Content>Convenient, Cozy, and Cost-efficient This past weekend was definitely the get-away I was looking for. I called the hotel front desk staff around 2pm to see if I would be able to check-in an hour early and they were more than accommodating. After a long work week it is always an added bonus speaking to hotel staff that don't make you feel like you're a bother when you call. Upon arrival I parked my car in the turnaround area adjacent to the drop-off / pick-up lobby and decided that I would prefer to check-in prior to parking my car in the parking garage. I proceeded to the front desk and liked that the hotel staff treated you with a sense of priority and not like a I'll-get-to-you-when-I'm-ready kind of attitude; not to mention that I knew my car was standing in the turnaround area so I always kept looking over my shoulder to make sure other hotel guests / residents were not being inconvenienced with my car there. The check-in process was quick since I already had reservations, the necessary paperwork / protocol was preprinted and ready for me to sign, and before I knew it I had the hotel room keys in hand! After spending about 5-7 minutes at the counter I then headed back to my car and proceeded to park my car in the garage. Driving up the ramp and around the corners was pretty basic. I also liked that the view from the parking lot was open enough for you to see what's happening on the street without you having to exit the garage to get a heads up. The drawback with the parking is that garage floor needs repair because it looks as if it's peeling off in sections??? The stuff that's peeling off looks similar to the flooring on tennis courts, but for the most part all I did was just park so that was ok with me. I gathered my belongings and made way to the elevators and noticed that there are two elevators more than 15 feet away from each other so it's a little confusing which elevator do you take if you never stayed there before. Anyhow both elevators take you to the lobby although only one elevator will take you directly into the secured area of the lobby that allows you to access the room elevators. The other elevator will take you to the hotel lobby however you will need your room key to open the lobby gate which adds an extra step but that's minor. Maybe posting a sign detailing Inside Lobby and Outside Lobby would be helpful but again, a minor thing. I particularly like the room elevators because while waiting in the lobby you can see what floor it's on in real time and which direction it's heading. After the fast elevator ride to the floor, I proceeded to my room and opened up the door to find that the 1 bedroom suites come with a spacious living room, separate dining area, a full size refrigerator/freezer, normal size sink, microwave you would still find in your neighborhood stores, electric stove top embedded into the countertop covered with tempered glass, a panoramic view with sliding windows that slide all the way open (so if you have little ones be sure you are watching them!!!), a hall way with closet space that leads past the standard bathroom with a corner tub/shower and decent bathroom sink / toilet facilities, your basic shampoo / conditioner / hand lotion / generic soap toiletries, and then of course proceeding out into the bedroom. I particularly wondered two things about the bedroom, 1) why are there only two pillows available, and 2) why is the a/c unit on the floor that is powerful enough only for the bedroom? Well it more than serves its purpose because it will get cold in the bedroom. There's also a very spacious lanai (patio) with patio furniture overlooking your chosen view. It's quite nice if you ask me if you don't mind the hum of the a/c unit when it's on. Going back to the living room, it's my personal opinion that the television set is kinda far from the sofa but that's a quick fix. I hardly watched tv because I was mainly working on my laptop and I found it quite relaxing typing away on my computer which was situated on the standalone vanity that was next to the panoramic open window and the cool tradewinds blowing through made that night a very relaxing night to myself. The hotel is located conveniently close (walking distance) to nightclubs, bars, restaurants, other hotels, and about 2 - 2 1/2 blocks from the Waikiki beach. You can walk anywhere from this hotel. Upon checking out, again, I liked the elevators because the minute you press the button, one of the four (4) elevators indicates with a lit arrow that that's the elevator that will stop on your floor so there's no confusion while waiting. After a quick ride to the hotel lobby to check out, if you haven't paid for any in-room amenities (i.e. movie, etc.) then you can basically hand in your room key and tell them thank you if your intent is to pay with the credit card used at check in. I believe obtaining a receipt is optional and it's your personal preference if you want one. Oh hotel parking is $18.00 for the entire stay (if memory serves me correct) so it might be just worth it if you're staying at least two nights, otherwise, I feel that parking can be quite expensive. All in all, would I stay there again? Short answer=Yes. I'm going back in two weeks...  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>rmorris24
<Content>Home away from home Staying at Aqua Island Colony Hotel was like home away from home but with hotel service. The purpose of our visit was to provide emotional support for our family that lives in Hawaii. We enjoyed the 1 bedroom with our 7 year old son. The full equipped kitchen was helpful to have on the few days that we wanted to eat a home cooked breakfast or lunch. That is what really made the hotel feel like home. The room was clean. I loved the cross breeze created when we opened the the patio door and the picture window in the living room. There was not a need for the air conditioner.  We did have a problem with a slow drain  and the garbage disposal. However within one hour of calling the front desk the maintaince man fixed the problem. The location of the hotel is perfect 2 blocks from the beach . My family did enjoy just walking to the beach and playing in the warm ocean in the day and walking the beautiful streets at night. Our view from the 32nd floor was specatular. I enjoyed waking up early in the morning and sitting on the porch and watching the city wake up. The city view was also spectalular espcially at nightThe staff at the front desk was excellent and always very friendly.They were very helpful with directions.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>intrepudtraveller
<Content>Quite Simply Superb Aqua Island Colony is one of the best places I've stayed in. I cant understand some of the negative comments below as I actually changed original reservations in another hotel to come back here.The staff were awesome - friendly, helpful and always smiling. The room was huge and spotlessly clean, enormous bed, fab balcony with stunning stunning views of Waikiki. Excellent TV selection, microwave, big fridge, lovely bathroom with bath. The lift was so fast it made my ears pop! Big clean pool with sunshine on the deck til late afternoon. Super-fast, super-cheap laundry available and only 5 minutes from the beach.You simply wont find a better choice in Waikiki and I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kim5725
<Content>Affordable Hotel We received a great rate for an air+hotel package through nwa vacations that included this hotel. The lobby looks very nice and the receptions were very nice and always helpful. We stayed in room 1118. When waiting for the elevator, there is a desk where a security guard is always stationed. There are also mailboxes in that area for the residents of the building. Yes, people do live there. And quite a few I may add. Almost everytime we got in the elevator with other people, it was obvious they lived there. Now back to the room, when arriving on the 11th floor, I must admit it looked a bit dated and in need of renovation. Once inside the room, it was quite nice. There was a mini kitchen with a microwave, cabinets, sink, utensils, and a full fridge. But, the restroom was on the small side. There were 2 full beds, and a tv. The room was not big by any means but it was just enough for us. We may have just gotten lucky because our lanai was open and the view was beautiful. And also to let you know, there is no central air conditioning. Instead there was a swamp cooler on ther floor near the sliding glass door. But that was more than enough to keep us cool. And I also must report that I did see a small roach in the restroom. It was about 1/5 inch big but a bug nonetheless. On our last day, some men knocked on our door and said it was pest control and that they needed to check our upper cabinets in the kitchenette. I didn't know what they did, but they were gone in about 30 seconds. We also rented a car for 3 days. The parking is now $18 for guests, more than the $14 that I was expecting. But I must say the staff was excellent and very accomodating. Our flight wasn't until 10 pm so the receptionist allowed for a 1pm check-out, since someone was to be in our room by 3. They also held all of our 10 pieces of luggage at the front desk.The hotel is about 3 blocks from Waikiki beach, shopping, restaurants, and bars. There is also an enterprise office connected to the hotel which is very convenient if renting a car. All in all this hotel met all of my needs and despite the bug problem, this is a great hotel for the frugal traveler.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>xtine1
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Sea view  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HawaiiVacation_08
<Content>There's bed bugs bites My wife and I stay at the Aqua Island Colony on 445 Seaside ave between Aug 28 to Sept 10 2008 on the 15 floor room 1519. We wake up five day later itching and scratching with redness on our back, arms and legs. We wasn't sure what was biting us. We thought that fleas bite us and we found out later that the old mattress had bed bugs that had been biting us. The hotel spread our room on Sept 9. Leave a note saying we are good. But when we got home more red spot and a lot more on our arms and legs. The people at the service desk are great people Aloha!!! But the hotel is old and dirty with bugs! I wouldn't sleep there again.Thanks for reading and save yourself from the bed bugs bite by not sleeping in the same room.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	4	4	3	

<Author>Justturned61
<Content>Great Value at Aqua Island Colony My husband and I just came back from Hawaii. We stayed at the Aqua Island Colony from August 10th to the 16th. We would definitely go back there again. The staff were friendly and helpful, the housekeeping was great, the view excellent and, contrary to what Angela said about the slow elevator, we felt that it was extremely fast. As a matter of fact we commented on how fast the elevators came and once inside, it took but a second (and I mean a second) to go from the main floor to the 7th floor.It was the ideal location for everything - the beach, shopping, restaurants, catching a tour bus, etc.If you want to save some money but still have everything that matters, the Aqua Island Colony is the place to go.And there were no bugs!LakefieldOntario, Canada  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michelle1984
<Content>Great budget hotel We stayed at the Island Colony for 10 days late June 08. Our room,a moderate mountain/city view type,was perfect for two friends on holiday with two queen size beds,balcony,fridge and coffeemaker.The staff was friendly and our room was cleaned every day.Location is great as it is a very quiet area and only 7-8 min from the beach.We had one negative experience at this hotel.As the building is undergoing constructions we understand that it might be noisy at some points of the day,but that the construction workers took the liberty to call our room to tell us to get the hell out of the balcony before he sends someone to bolt the door shutis unacceptable.When we told what happened to the woman at the front desk, she told us she didn't know who had made the call,but that we regardless weren't allowed to use the balcony. Due to constructions.Thankfully the manager turned up and moved us to another room.This kind of experience could happen at any hotel and didn't cause us much trouble.All in all the Island Colony is a super hotel and I might stay there again if I ever get back to Hawaii.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>tsups
<Content>Loved the Aqua Island Colony My daughter and I stayed there for almost a week and enjoyed it. The views were beautiful, and the front desk staff was very friendly. Overall, the staff at the hotel was friendly.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KAYANDJAY
<Content>No bugs! Very good location. Very friendly and helpful staff. Our air cond kept breaking down and our bed sucked! They did fix our air cond and brought up a new comfy mattress. Over all I think this condo was fine for what you pay for. We had NO bugs! Ours was a one bedroom/kitchen. The maid did an AWESOME job of keeping our condo clean and stocked with towels. We treated the staff like human beings that they are =o) Perfect for a family of 5!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gandamarielle_sw
<Content>Great views from our room       view of Ala Moana Canal and Golf Course  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>rdcjMD
<Content>The good, the bad, and the ugly Let me start with the ugly...window jalousy fell off a few minutes after we entered our room and a few moments later cakes of dust came out of the A/C vent when we turned on the aircon.Then there's the good, lots of them.. fantastic location, restaurants, convenience stores, bus lines, intenet cafe, and the beach were nearby. The front desk staff were very good especially the guy in the Concierge. The bed was definitely comfortable and there were no bugs.The kitchen was well stocked with utensils so we saved a bundle cooking our meals The bad..the swimming pool was under renovation but it didn't really bother us. Overall inspite of the negatives I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>boardinshanny
<Content>Their policy is to copy your ID upon arrival? Can you say idenity theft? Horrible Hotel  Awful Customer ServiceThis place is a nightmare! Upon arrival my party was asked for their ID's for verification. Then the desk attendant informed us that they needed to copy our ID's for security purposes. WHAT! First we were told that it was to verify that we were over the age of 18 and after arguing with the man to get our ID's back he took off for the back room where he copied our ID's without our permission. The snotty and very rude assistant manager then came up front desk and told us that every hotel in Hawaii follows this same process (this is a complete lie). We were assured that all of our ID's were not copied but we could plainly see all of the copies behind the desk. The hotel could not produce any sort of documentation showing us their policies of coping ID's or State policies of copying ID's from their clients. This is identity theft on so many levels.Next, we got up to our room and well... It was gross. Dirty, dirty, dirty. The bathroom was beyond help and the bed was the hardest thing I have ever felt. Simply put, don't waste your time, effort or money at this dump.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>thomas_bt
<Content>Not worth the time, hassell or risk to you financial security. Upon arrival this hotel does not seem like it would be a bad place to stay (b/c the lobby seems ok), however, your problems will all start at the front desk. Just a preface...I have stayed in many hotels around the world and had a first time experience here. Also, my wife and I had two days prior watched a news story where a man in Colorado was able to buy $3.2 million worth of stuff using only a copied ID- (No joke, here is the news story link: http://www.9news.com/news/local/article.aspx?storyid=91337). When checking in the desk employee asked to see our drivers licenses (looking at our ids for verification of reservation, I can understand). Instead of just looking at them, the desk person takes them into the back room and makes a copy of all of them, then comes back out and when asked why he made a copy, he explains that it is part of hotel鈥檚 policy. Then when told that we did not want them to have a copy of the ids because of our identity theft concerns, he said, oh, I only made a copy of one id. As this is the first time I have had a hotel want a copy of my id, we asked to speak to the manager. The assistant manager comes out holding a copy of the six ids in our group (the employee flat out lied to our face about how many ids were copied). When asked about the policy, the assistant manager cannot explain or give any valid reason why the hotel would need a copy of our ids. The Assistant Manager even offered the excuse that all of our hotels do this. Well half my family attempted to stay at the Aqua Beachside and that hotel just verified the person checking in was who they said they were by looking at the ID. I stayed at the Hilton on return and was amazed that they did not want to copy my id. By the way as an aside, the Aqua Beachside is 10 times worse than the Aqua Colony. Anyway, after lying to our face, many unexplainable excuses and extreme rudeness and evasiveness, we were promised that the copies would be returned when we checked out. Who knows if all the copies were returned, but at least I know who to sue if my id is stolen in Honolulu. Getting to the rooms, these rooms are very outdated and are disgusting in most respects. If you like sleeping on a rock hard bed, this is probably the hotel for you. However, if itchiness of the sheets and the feely that bugs are crawling on you is not for you, then I would pass on this hotel. The bathroom is just as bad because it was dirty and very out dated. The floor was dirty with mold in the corners, the shower was unclean and you felt like you should wear shower shoes. Also, the A/C was not sufficient to cool the room and had black stuff coming from its vent. The bottom of the closet door had water damage all along the bottom. All and all, the room felt very unclean. We tried to spend the least amount of time possible in this hotel. Considering some of the Orbitz , Travelocity, Trip Advisor and Expedia reviews, there is NO WAY this hotel should receive above a 2 out of 5 rating. For stars, no higher than 2 stars out of five. As for any rating above a two, I would advise those considering this hotel to be very suspect of that rating.Bottom line recommendation, you would be better off staying away from Aqua, period. Considering you are probably going to Hawaii on vacation, stay somewhere else, as the two Aqua properties I saw were no where near vacation level. FYI, the Aqua Beachside is a dump and 10 times worse than the Aqua Colony. I have stayed in youth hostels nicer than that place.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>honeygirl
<Content>It was okay. We got a week here free from our timeshare since our actual timeshare (Ilikai) was sold out. I loved the Ilikai so I was expecting the same or equal. No it was not. I am not bad mouthing this hotel entirely because hey, it was free. Parking is $18 for non guest and $14 for guest. You pay the attendant up front with a voucher which you get at check in. Parking elevator is different than hotel room elevator. We were on the 43rd floor so we had to wait forever to go up and it took forever to go down. Our room was nice but small. The bathroom was smaller. The room had a full sized fridge, microwave, coffee pot, sink, dishes, utensils. Our view of the city was nice too. The air conditioner was a rickety thing on the floor which was dripping water. We needed a crib but it was $25 a day rental. No thank you our baby will sleep with us!No pool towels either. You have to go to Houskeeping which is located on P5 (by taking the parking garage elevator!) to get towels. Coffee packet was free first day, then you pay $1 and fetch it yourself from Housekeeping on P5. Oh, Pool is under construction! Plus no shallow area for a toddler to swim. BOO! No biggie cause we didn't come to Hawaii to be in a pool. Location is good. Yes you are in the middle of Waikiki but it's too congested for me. I prefer to be in the outskirts. We didn't go walking around till the last day in Hawaii. Oh, you are not guaranteed parking either because in that one little garage is the reserved parkers (people who own condos there), hotel guests, and hotel employees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We found that out on our last night there when we had a very cranky toddler in the back seat and we were circling and circling and there was nothing. Zero. It had been at least an hour before I told my husband he'll have to do the circling and I go upstairs with our daughter. Finally, the parking attendant came out to help us and blocked a parking space for us. She was really helpful and we were really frazzled and grateful.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Hogwildmom
<Content>Aqua ISLAND COLONY -- Warning: Under Construction!       Sunrise Over Canal  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CruisinGrams
<Content>Will Return Again - Great Value We have stayed at the Island Colony several times since 1982 but it has been about 9 years since our last visit to Hawaii and we didn't know what to expect from some of the reviews with bugs, etc. We decided to try it anyway.We were assigned 4221 which is a one bedroom. The livingroom window gives a fabulous ocean view and the view from the lanai is of diamond head and the pool. The view alone was worth twice the price of the room. The bathroom has a nice small vanity, and there was a cabinet above the toilet so there was loads of room for everyone. The tub was an oval corner tub with a nice shower. There is a huge closet, and a 6 drawer dresser in the bedroom and a 3 drawer combination TV cabinet and dresser. in the living room. A queen size bed in the bedroom, and two single size beds/day beds in the living room. Full size fridge, microwave, and a glass 4 burner stove top. There were utensils and dishes for 6 people, Toaster, small slow cooker, pots and pans. The only thing I would have liked was a larger frying pan and a 4 slice toaster as it would make cooking breakfast go faster. We often had breakfast and even light lunches at the hotel.The pool deck is the best in Waikiki as it has sun from early morning to about 5:00pm. It is centrally located with The Bus only a short block away, Dukes lane one block away, International market 1.5 blocks, Food Pantry about 2.5 blocks and it takes about 5 minutes to walk to the beach (if you don't stop to browse in Dukes Lane). The building has security cameras all over and have security on site which is very reassuring to the traveller. We had a noisy neighbor and security was there within minutes and he turned down his music right away.I have to advise that our only negative experience was with the on-going refurbishment. Neither our travel agent or the tour company advised us of the construction. When we contacted the hotel directly, they advised that the construction would be complete by the end of March, which it was for the location of our room, however we could only use the pool from 7 - 8:00 am (Monday - Friday) and then from 4:30 pm to 10:00 pm. The workers did not start making their noise until 9:00 or 9:30 and it was very loud throughout the building. We just went to the beach more than we had intended.The Island Colony has gone through a number of different owners/management companies since Resort Quest sold it sometime since 1999 and I think it was left to run down. Aqua is the new ower and is working hard to upgrade and repair the exterior of the building and it is scheduled to be complete by September 2008. I also understand that they are also planning renovations to many of the rooms as well. The pool deck is in need of a power washing, the pools has a number of tiles missing and is pretty dirty as all the dust blows into the pool. The daily cleaning just can't quite keep up to the dust being generated. On the weekends the pool was pristine as the construction stopped on the weekend (and anytime there was a little bit of rain as well).Cleanliness of our Room - Very clean. No cockroaches were seen and they have a regular pest control company come to ensure that there are no bugs (they actually came while we were there). Bathroom floor could have used a darn good scrubbing though.Also many of the units are privately owned and some are rented out by absentee owners who do not all provide daily cleaning services through the hotel and that may be why some units had reports of cockroaches.Hotel lobby is immaculate as are all the public areas, including the laundry room, and sauna. The convenience shop is currently for sale and it doesn't carry a lot but there is liquor and basics and the ever present ABC stores (all blocks covered).The hot tub is very hot and they have signs posted that children under 14 are not allowed (even with a parent) but anyone with a hot tub knows that high temperatures are very dangerous to small children. Security actually have cameras on the pool deck and had some parent remove their children from the hot tub, for their own health and safety.Some of the lounges on the pool deck are in need of repair as some of the strapping is missing however I think they may be replaced/repaired when the pool deck is cleaned and pool tiles repaired as part of the renovation.There is no restaurant in the hotel but there are plenty close by, such as Denny's, IHOP, and our favorite was The Cheesecake Factory in the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Centre and the Wailana Coffe House (take the bus it is worth it).They do have an Enterprize car rental agency and if you find the right tourist information book which are on every corner, you can save 15%. Parking for guests is $14.00 per 24 hour period which is really cheap for Waikiki. On street parking is non existent at night and during the day you have to feed the meters and it is only for a max of 2 hours.Overall our experiences was above average with the exception of the construction.If you are considering the Island Colony you should contact them directly to get an update of their renovations schedule before making your decision.We are looking forward to seeing what other renovations will take place before we return there again.P.S. Most of the photos you see on the internet and in brochures are the original photos from when it opened in 1978-79. So look at the more recent photos that people have posted.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>winnipegtrav
<Content>Happy overall We loved the layout of the one bedroom. We did have a few problems which we advised the hotel of upon our return. We should have told them while we were there because they really made the effort to look after our concerns. Overall the rooms were very nice but the housekeeping could use some improvement and the views were amazing.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>angelaant
<Content>Very Pleased I have stayed her a few times and I will continue to stay here every time I come. I read the reveiws with the bugs and I must say I have not experienced bugs at all while I was there. I have stayed elsewhere in waikiki in hotels that where decent but small, tiny lanais and no view what so ever. At Island Colony I paid the same price for a awsome view, a very convenient kitchenette and a wonderful lanai. I have suggested this hotel to several people and I am taking a few family members on their 1st trip to hawaii and we are all staying there. My only complaint is I wish the elevators were faster but that was no biggie to me. Its super close to the international market place and several fast food places. We went to Germains luau (the best!) and the free bus picks you up just one block away at the waikiki trade center. Its not the hilton but if you are going to hawaii on a budget or want to get a place to just sleep and and kick back then this is the place.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mads1012
<Content>Overall OK. Nothing special. The hotel was okay and we didn't expect luxury for what we paid. The room was a decent size, but quite shabby and not particularly clean. Having a fridge and microwave was a definite bonus. The bathroom was tiny and smelly. The walls are very thin, so it can be noisy. The little shop on the 6th floor was very useful and the pool and spa were clean and well kept. There was construction going on at the time of our stay, but we were still able to access the pool.The front desk staff were quite helpful if advice was needed about anything. The hotel is in a decent location - not too far from the beach - 10 minute walk. The area did seem a bit dodgy at night, though and the streets further back from the beach front are not very well lit.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>BobbyJunior
<Content>The Aqua Island Colony is Fantastic       View of canal and golf course from linai.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hutchcore
<Content>Value Plus!       Sunrise over the ridge bordering Waikiki + canal from our lanai  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>KyLacoste
<Content>Aqua Island Colony hotel is infested with BED BUGS! The Aqua Island Colony is a poor excuse for a hotel. Not only is it dirty and infested with bed bugs and roaches, the staff are unhelpful and unfriendly. Upon reporting our bed bug problem to the staff and then later to their corporate body, we received zero help or acknowledgement. They could care less about their problems there. Steer clear from this hotel and any other hotels with the Aqua title.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>Keoni1
<Content>Convenient location       view from our balcony  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alyoussef
<Content>The Best Customer Service in Hawaii!       The View from our room, 2220  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>chaun_E_rock
<Content>My Family really enjoyed the Aqua Island Colony Hotel We got a great deal per night and saved on gas being that the location is right in Waikiki. My husband booked this hotel last minute as a short family weekend get away from the Ironman on the Big Island. The room was very clean and bug free as apposed to what the other guests complained of. It had one bedroom, two twin beds in the living area, a dining table, kitchenette- stove, microwave, full size refrigerator, pans (which was quite helpful) and lots of open area for my 5 and 1 year old daughters to run and play freely. The ac worked fine, you just have to adjust it and leave it on to reach the living area. The decor isnt so horrible.  The staff is friendly. The smells are only off and on in the hallway because of the convenience trash chutes for the tenant owners. The laundry room came in handy. The kids had fun in the pool while I enjoyed the sauna and the renovations was no bother.  It was all together a great weekend and we didnt want to leave. Its not the most high class, fancy hotel but it was worth it. You get what you pay for so dont be like these guys and complain. Just appreciate it!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>tlm1125
<Content>never again Do not let the reviews that this place was clean, close to beach, and worth the stay, fool you! This was the worst hotel my family has ever stayed at! On arrival, we were told that they needed a credit card for a deposit, no problem, being told that they would return the $50 immeadiatley we handed over our card. The room was filthy, hair in the bath area, on the walls and the floor. The lanai was closed due to construction, which we were never told about, and the place smelled horribly. I don't even want to tell you about the toliet,,,ewww! Our air conditioner barley worked, and we had to have someone come in and fix our closet door as it would not even open. Our neighbor was very loud and played his music all night. He was a resident. We were to have ajoining rooms with our family members that also had the bad luck of staying in this mess, but that never happened as there was no such thing as an ajoining room here. The view of the beach consisted of a slight view of the ocean, not the beach, just the far away sea, BUT...you could see the canal very well, so what, was not what i had paid for. Remember the deposit we had to put down, it did'nt come back immeadiatley, It took a week, not really a big deal, but when you are on a long trip going to several hotels it adds up. The beach is not far, but it is a good walk, and then you have to figure out how to get through the other hotels to get to it, or be prepared to walk quite a ways farther to get to the beach access. Do yourself a BIG favor, do not stay here, its dirty and really stinks. Read the other bad comments and then add them all together then make an educated decision.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>CJBSydney
<Content>Budget but comfortable       Room  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mainlander-Davis
<Content>Ain't Paradise but if you are on a budget We recently stayed on the 22nd floor at the hotel for 9 nights at $180 per night for a one bedroom with a kitchen. I don鈥檛 think we would stay there again but considering that we found lodging in Waikiki on relatively short notice (4 weeks in advance), I would rank the lodging as adequate for the price and availability. Luckily, we did not experience the horror stories about the roaches, thin walls and small bathrooms as noted in the other reviews. Having visited the other islands (Maui, Kaui and the Big Island), no one will ever confuse Waikiki with paradise and that ain鈥檛 the fault of the hotel. Although the list of negatives are numerous, the realization that you aren鈥檛 staying at the Ritz Carlton should reduce your frustration. The minor inconveniences include: hotel rooms are somewhat dated, the single room air conditioning was barely adequate but we asked for a fan which helped, the lanai was sealed shut on account of construction, they charge $1 for coffee packs, cleaning room service often came very late in the afternoon, the three block walk to the beach is way too far for a family with little kids to navigate, parking your car and taking two elevators is cumbersome, using the swimming pool in the afternoon with the trade winds is like swimming in Alaska, $1 charge for each local call, carry your bags to the room and pull them out of storage yourself and credit cards are not accepted for long term parking. The positives include: $10 a day for in/out parking, price, swimming towels are provided, standard refrigerator but no oven, rooms were pretty quiet and a small but adequate hotel store, front desk was helpful when presented with a specific request.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SammyHtas
<Content>Pretty good hotel Clean, comfortable, great location - 2 or 3 blocks from Waikiki, great views, very good value for money. 2 double beds were great - travelling with my mum. Only negative things were the walls were very thin - a guy in the room next to us was coughing all night and noisy air con systems outside.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Katie4444
<Content>Simple amenities but clean and pleasant!! I stayed at the island colony in one of the privately owned studios on the 23rd floor. The room was simple but clean and had everything we needed. We arrived the first night at about 9.30 and the guy who was giving us the keys couldn't get there til 11 so we sat in the lobby to wait for him, and the staff were very friendly and helpful, offering us use of the phone to call him, and checking on us every now and then to check when he was expected, as well as making small talk. Considering it was so late at night and we had nothing to do with the hotel (the studios have no connection to the hotel except for maintenance) they were very polite and helpful.We had a great view of Waikiki, the Ala Wai canal and golf course, and the sea from our lanai which was great to sit out on and look down on the pool from!! Halfway through our stay our AC kept cutting out so we alerted the front desk who sent maintenance up to our floor to sort it out (as we had only tripped the switch!!) This happened a few times before we realised that we were using the wrong plug socket(!) and the maintenance team always came within an hour to sort it out, which was great as it was so hot!!There is a pool, jacuzzi, sauna and laundry room and convenience store on the 6th floor, with a massage room as well and sun deck. The pools were always clean and not overcrowded and the sun deck was a great sun trap to yop up the tan when we didn't want to go to the beach. The laundry room was closed part of the time for renovation, but we hand washed our clothes in the bath and hung them on the lanai to dry (which they did very quickly!) so it didn't affect us at all. The only complaint we might have had was that the lifts were out of order for part of one of the days we were there, so we had to go down the (indoor) fire escape stairs to get outside, but as they were fixed by the time we came back we didn't mind (going down is a lot better than climbing up!!) All in all, the room was clean and tidy, all the amenities on the 6th floor were also clean and well looked after, and the staff were very friendly and helpful, even booking us a taxi for our return trip to the airport when asking at the front desk. I would happily stay there again on returning to Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>familytravel2
<Content>Creepy Colony We booked this hotel for our family of four at $172 a night. We did not have any fantasies about this being a five star establishment, and we knew that this was going to be a budget stay. However, that being said there are a few things you expect from a hotel including a clean, safe room and a working shower. We arrived late to the hotel because our flight had been delayed. We were greeted by creepy intoxicated men hanging outside of the hotel in the downstairs area. The security staff didn't seem to notice. We asked to borrow the luggage cart and we were informed at two in the morning that we would have to leave our driver's license to use the cart. Then return the cart and claim our license. This is very unusual for somewhere that claims to be a three star hotel.Our room was on the 40th floor. The room was very bare. It had one tv in the main area and an unclean kitchenette area. It was very old and is in definite need of updating. The lanai area was locked up due to construction which was very disappointing. The one a/c unit in the bedroom did not work properly. The bathroom was fairly dirty (hairs in shower) and the shower head trickled (impossible to shower properly).  We informed the front desk of the a/c and shower problem and they told us no other rooms were available. A maintence person was sent to fix both and he politely informed us they were both in working order. This was after a long day of exploring Oahu and our family was ready for a little rest; however, our room was so unappealing that we did not even want to go back to lie down. Also, after returning from our day out we noticed that our dirty towels which we had left on the floor to be changed (according to the housekeeping instructions) had just been hung up again.  Additionally we noticed that this is not really a hotel. It is really an apartment complex that uses some of its rooms as hotel rooms. There were lots of interesting people coming and going constantly.  At this point our family decided to look around for a different hotel. We found a hotel online while sitting in the lobby of the Colony that offered a rate of about $30 more a night. (This hotel ended up being excellent and well worth the extra 30!!) We let the hotel desk know we would be checking out early, we were supposed to stay 3 nights and only stayed one. They told us we would have to pay their hourly rate for the morning since we were leaving after 3pm (we were horrified that they had an hourly rate!). The front desk ended up not charging more than the one night stay. And the one compliment we have is that the front desk staff was for the most part pleasant.  All in all this is a dirty, creepy, semi-hotel, that I would never recommend.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	3	

<Author>AirPirate
<Content>Bloated mediocrity in paradise I booked this hotel for an overnighter in Honolulu (before moving on to Kona the next day) without realizing how far from the airport it was (let me at this point preface that I called and asked how much an upgrade to a king-sized bed would be and declined the upgrade). Took us over an hour to get there riding on an independent airport shuttle (not the hotel's fault), and were greeted by a concierge who was far more interested in making and taking personal calls then checking us in. When he finally got around to us, he insisted I requested an upgrade when all I had done was verbally inquired over the phone how much an upgrade would be two days earlier. After that was sorted out, we went through a metal gate (accessible by room key) up to our room, which had barely enough entry space to walk through the oddly-angled door and mini-mini-kitchen and get to the bedroom. The bathroom was tiny and looked as though it hadn't been given a makeover since the early 90s. The only real amenity of this hotel was that the lobby was open-air.Long story short, if you need a cheap place to stay that's not a no-tell motel and don't care about anything else, this place is fine. If you're expecting something Hawaiian, a decent room, or an easy to find/reach hotel, or just overnighting en route to somewhere else, go elsewhere. The nicest part of this hotel is literally the website and corporate logos.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Live4Hawaii
<Content>Live4Hawaii This was our second visit to the Island Colony and as we expected it was a great experience.From the check-in personell to the maid service everything met and even exceded our expectations.Steve (front desk) was wonderful. He helped us with anything we requested.The parking garage is probably the cheapest in town, $10.00 a day if you get a form from the front desk that shows you are a guest, otherwise its $18.00 a day.There is some construction going on but we never noticed any noise, we were on the 36th floor, a beautiful view.The beds were comfortable and NO ROACHES on either of our visits!Yes, the bathrooms are a little small but what do you want, a dance hall? They get the job done, tub,toilet and a sink. Some people expect the Ritz for the price of a budget hotel. We paid $67.00 a nite and I believe we more than got our moneys worth!When you go out to eat you have got to try the Galaxy Steak House. When you leave the Colony, turn left onto Seaside, go to the light (Kuhio), turn left about two or three blocks then cross the street. Its on the second floor next to Mad Dogs. They serve a breakfast for $2.75 and dinner for $11.95. Dont order the buy one juice get one free, the juice will almost double your bill. There is a character on the sidewalk out front name of Dave. He is a hoot, really funny guy. Tell him Jon from Harrahs sent you, he will get a kick out of that.Another good but pricey restaurant is Mateos on the corner of Kuhio  Seaside, excelent Itialian. For 3 of us it came to $100.00We are coming back in September 2008 and will definitely be staying with our friens at the Colony  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SkyHyes
<Content>A great value!!! Great for families~ After reading multiple, varying reviews on this hotel, wasn't quite sure what to expect. But, it was a great value for Waikiki. Found a rate for $65!!! an amazing rate for this area.The staff was very accomodating.... allowed us an early check in, and even upgraded our room to a kitchen with a cooktop. I asked which rooms were nicer and they put us on the 26th floor.Had a balcony with some nice views of the Ala Wai canal, skyscrapers and distant ocean. Had 2 double beds, 16 cu ft refrigerator with freezer, microwave and dishes for basics. Even a knife and cutting board for the inevitable pineapple! Beds were soft, but comfortable. We were only 4 blocks from Waikiki, an easy walk. The place was relatively clean.... a little dust in the corner, but sheets were clean, room was dusted, and bathroom was clean. Parking garage with a hotel rate of $10/day. Did find 2 small bugs, but I was bigger than they were and they wouldn't discourage me from booking again for such a good rate. If you want a great deal, with more than the average room amenities for families, check it out! The rate was so good, it was cheaper to stay here and book an extra room for the kids, than try and find a more expensive place with fewer amenities and a much higher rate~  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>obnurseretta
<Content>Unwanted surprise guests       another nice view from room  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>ssw78
<Content>Won't be staying there again Don't let the pictures fool you. This is a very out dated hotel. We had a one bedroom kitchen suite. The only tv was located in the main room and the only clock (besides the microwave) was in the bedroom...nasty bathroom where the baby roaches lived yes roaches....one portable air condition unit in the entire room which was in the bedroom...the fan they provided us had an inch of dust so we opted not to turn it on....the windows only opened 2-3 inches.....couldn't use the balcony because they were doing some kind of upgrades..... and no clean towels when we arrived and had to continue to ask for clean towels....our last day the construction was sooooo loud that we couldn't hear ourselves talk (we left way before check out time).... I am sure I forgot something... When we did tell the staff that there was a problem with roaches they basically told us that all the hotels with kitchenettes had roaches... The staff was OK they didn't hastle us too much with a free upgrade being that we had creepy crawlers and they did offer us another room but it wasn't as nice as the one we had. The view was very very nice and the elevators were super fast to be in such an old hotel. Overall it wasn't terrible because we weren't in the room but we did get the kitchenette to save us money on food but we never cooked and barely ate in the room cause of the roaches!!I wouldn't stay there again!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	2	1	

<Author>SavvyTraveler27
<Content>I'm pretty easy to please ..... but this place was awful! I hate to say this about any hotel. But I feel like it must be said in this case .... DO NOT stay here. Please. I looked at the reviews on Trip Advisor prior to booking my trip and thought that people had some decent things to say about it. So I went into the trip with expectations of good service, cleanliness, helpful staff .... I'm sorry to say, I have very few good things to say about Aqua Island Colony Hotel. I would never recommend this place to anybody.When we first arrived, we were greeted by a nice lady who told us that it was too early to check in (Check in time is 3PM). She held our bags for us and recommended a place where we could go eat lunch. We had no issues with this at all. But when we came back at 3:30, there was a different lady who informed us that the room was still being prepared and have a seat. We sat down feeling frustrated. I went up to a different man and politely asked if we could find out WHAT the hold-up was with our room. He looked and said They are still cleaning it. I asked if we could find out HOW long we would have to wait. He impatiently replied If you have a seat, I could check for you. I sat down feeling upset - not for the hold up but for the very rude service. We didn't receive any kind of apology or proper explanation.When we finally got the keys to our room on the 25th floor, we had a bad taste in our mouths due to the poor service we'd ALREADY encountered. We went up to our room and surveyed the room. It was decent at first glance. A kitchenette area with a microwave and refrigerator. I must admit that it was nice to have a refrigerator! Somehow it always smelled good (like Hawaiian flowers) and we stocked it up with fruits, water, snacks, etc. I appreciated this amenity. We had two twin beds and a balcony. Our TV remote control had dead batteries in it and I don't think they ever replaced them (oh well). The bathroom had a kind of dingy feel to it. I can't explain it but I never quite felt comfortable using the shower and bathroom. I always tried to get out of there ASAP. One thing I noticed was that they didn't line the trash cans with bags/liners. Isn't this a pretty basic housekeeping practice?? I have to admit that disgusted me - especially considering the things people often dispose of in those trash cans. Speaking of housekeeping, they were OK about coming everyday while we were gone and making our beds. But on a couple occasions, my friend and I noticed that they didn't give us fresh towels!! We had to find them and ask for new towels so that we could take a shower. There was a parking attendant that was somewhat rude to us as well. He asked me to back up in the parking garage so we could go back and find our parking ticket (which we'd left in the room). I told him that it was dangerous to do so and he kept insisting that I HAD to back up because he would not let me through. Even though doing so could have damaged the rental car. Finally he said that I could stay there while my friend ran upstairs to get the ticket (since there was nobody behind us) ..... but he acted as if he was doing us a huge favor by allowing this. In short, I think that most of the staff at Aqua Island Colony Hotel could benefit from a lesson in customer service and professionality. There was one man who was nice to us throughout the trip. I regret that I didn't remember his name. But he was helpful about giving us directions and always took pictures for us when we asked him. Now for the worst part: cockroaches. Yes, we had them. In each case, my friend discovered them and would come to me screaming for help. So I had to step up and kill those suckers. My poor friend was so afraid of them! I wasn't really afraid but we were both disgusted. It definitely didn't make us feel comfortable staying in our room for long. At one point, we came back from a morning at the gym and we found a note on the door that said the room had been sprayed for cockroaches and could not be occupied for an hour or so. We asked the concierge about it and they said this was routinely done. Why were we never informed of this? We were so concerned that our clothes or other belongings may have absorbed the insect spray .... were the chemicals dangerous in any way? Should we have packed all of our belongings away in the closet? None of this information had been provided to us. The kicker was the day we were checking out of the hotel. They tried to say that we owed $17 for calls that we made locally. We said that we were never informed that we would be charged for local calls. The guy agreed to remove the charges but told my friend Only because it's you. Otherwise I would have kicked your [--]. She laughed nervously but when she told me about it, we wondered who thought it was acceptable to speak to a customer in that manner? We love Oahu ..... but Aqua Colony Island Hotel: We will never stay with you again. This was not a good experience.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>BTManzy
<Content>Great Hotel, 3 Blocks from Beach We have stayed in this hotel/condo twice and have really enjoyed our stay. The price and location cannot be beat. The rooms with the kitchen really help keep food costs down while vacationing. The 1bedroom with kitchen is very large and comfortable. We plan on staying here again next time we visit (hopefully next year!).  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>frugalfinder
<Content>Not My Favorite Place to Stay The room had roaches. I asked for another room and was offered a room on the 40th floor- an owner that just turned it over to Aqua to rent-the decor was nice with a bamboo theme. But, we were a family traveling and needed two beds for the young men. That room had a sleeper sofa and the young men wanted seperate beds. So, I was asked if I could wait until the next day and in the mean time a maintenance person would bring roach traps. Next day the offer was for a room on the 40th floor again. The lanai and windows were secured because of the work being done on the building. That offer was declined because sitting on the lanai and enjoying the wonderful breeze is part of the enjoyment. We finally were given a room on the 7th floor where the lanai and windows opened. The decor left alot to be desired. The staff did their best to accomodate us and were very friendly.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	5	4	-1	

<Author>Waikatoman
<Content>Fabulous stay, friendly staff,nice spa       Ali wai canal and golf course  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>graphix_geek
<Content>Good Place, Good Price, Nice Staff I've stayed in Waikiki over 6x now, over a period of 12 years, and usually pay in the $80-$100 range. I'm broke, but I like a clean room with decent services, I'd love a 4 star hotel, but that's going to be sometime in the future. The Aqua Island Colony came up on [--] as $78-$95 a night - there were other $67 rooms at other hotels but the reviews were waaaay too mixed for me (bugs, mold,[--] staff). I opted for a small studio with 2 double beds at $95 a night (may 2007) and have really enjoyed being here. If you're looking for fancy 3-4 stars then go elsewhere. The staff has been friendly and helpful, the room (18th floor) newly carpeted, with a comfortable bed (and I'm a [--] when it comes to beds), a nice little kitchenette and really, really great location if you like being in central Waikiki. The 'safe' was included with a $75 limit on insurance (haha) and a $50 room deposit.If you pay anything less than $80 a night in Waikiki (except for possibly the Queen Kapiolani) you're most likely going to end up in a dump. The Aqua Island Colony has a nice clean pool, very few washers and dryers, good cleaning services, and for me anyway, a sweet room. Can't tell you if the lower floor rooms have been redone (this week while I've been here they're clearly redoing a room on this floor), but I've enjoyed my stay.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Rayjitsu
<Content>2nd time around at # 4219       Waikiki by illumination  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>FunFamilyAnchorage
<Content>Good deal, good stay We just returned from a 10 night stay at the Island Colony. We were in a 1-BR unit on the 41st floor. The unit was large. The views were fabulous -- Diamond Head, the Municipal Golf Course, and the ocean. The Lanai was large enough to eat on. Having a 1 BR unit was a must for us becuase we were travelling with a child and needed to spend a lot of naptimes and cook meals. We booked as a package deal through a major airline, so the room ended up costing about $100 per night total. The bathroom in the 1 BR unit had the normal amount of space, and it had a bathtub -- again a must when traveling with a young child. The four elevators on the property amply served the population -- we seldom had to wait more than a few seconds for an elevator. The Island Colony appears to be mixed in terms of types of residents -- some owner/occupiers of condo units, some long-term (1-6 month) vacationers, and some short-term rentals. The place was definitely not new -- carpets and beds have clearly been used many times. Also, the cleaning staff and daily cleanings were adequate, but not top-notch as in a 5-star place. Definitely basic in terms of service -- it's a place to stay without many frills (which suited us just fine.) Still, for what we paid, it made for an affordable and enjoyable family vacation.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>LeahBrianne
<Content>Great Stay! Even though it was a little outdated, my stay was great. The people were friendly, it had a wonderful view, the rooms were clean, and the beds were comfortable. I would definitely stay there on my next trip to Hawai'i.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>wannabehawaiianmami
<Content>Good price I stayed at the Island Colony for almost 2 weeks and I really loved the location. I stayed in a very high floor and the view was just breath taking. There were some downfalls though, the carpet old and the kitchen area too small. Other than that the price and location was great. I would stay there again. Mahalo to the wonderful staff you showed so much Aloha Spirit.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GoGeorgia
<Content>Dated but good enough for the reasonable price!       Views from the balcony  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	5	2	5	5	1	

<Author>mimigirlhouston
<Content>Great Location The location of this Hotel is excellent. The people were ALL very nice. Expedia booked it as a condo---it was definitely only a hotel room. Had two full size beds in one small room--bathroom also very small--but sufficient. You should buy your own coffee--they give you one pot's worth, after that it is $1.00 per filter pack. Kona coffee is very reasonably priced anywhere you go on the island. Four adults stayed here for 8 days and we made it work, no problem, but there is no privacy. But it was very well kept up, housekeeping daily if you want it, and the staff were great. Lots of restaurants, shopping, beaches, all very near--we walked or took the bus everywhere we went. There is a place on Kuhio a couple of blocks called Blue Water Seafood Co. that is a trailer in a parking lot and it has the very best food. Around the cocrner is Seaside Grill---$2.99 for two eggs, 2 bacon, 2 pancakes. But watch out when you order drinks, they will double your bill. Drink coffee in your room , then go get breakfast with water.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Bugsy66
<Content>Great Vacation We just returned from a week vacation at the Aqua Island Colony in Waikiki. We had the most amazing room ever, 40th floor. We had the perfect view of the Canal/Golf Course, Diamond Head and Partial Ocean View. We could not have asked for better.We ate our lunch everyday out on the nice large balcony. The view was just to die for, Diamond Head seemed so close you could touch it.Our room was very clean and tidy. The bathroom was much bigger than the Ohana West we stayed in last time. The whole hotel and room situation was much better than the Ohana West too. They rated the West as a 3 star I would only give that hotel a 2 star but the Island Colony I would definatley give a 3 star too.The staff was very friendly, the pool area very nice. The elevators were just fine and never had to wait for one.The walk to the beach everyday was a nice walk. We did not find alot of noise in our room, but then again we were on the 40th floor.The only complaint I did have was the airconditioner. They really need to be replaced badly as they struggle to keep the rooms cool.But all around we would certainly go back to this hotel again without hesitation.Thanks Island Colony for making our 20th Anniversary stay a pleasant one.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jodz33
<Content>Great Views, Good Location       View of loungeroom from door, kitchen was to your right (we aren't tidy!!)  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>runnerinNebraska
<Content>Good Value for the money We just returned from spending 6 days at the Aqua Island Colony. We felt that we got a good value for our money. It was clean and comfortable. We were on the 18th floor and had a kitchenette.The building is older but we didn't exspect the Ritz.The lanai was fairly big and furnished with a table and chairs.We had heard is was really hard to find parking in the parking garage but we never had a problem with that. There are a couple places to eat a $2.99 breakfast within a couple of blocks. All in all it was a good experience and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>beaster
<Content>Nice, But Watch Where You Park.       Sunset from balcony 20th floor  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SpydersETJ
<Content>Don't waste your time or money. We had to have maintenance spray the room for cockroaches 3 times while we were there and still had bug problems. If you are attached to your laptop and want a wireless connection, forget it. The staff on the other hand was fairly polite and easy to deal with. Plus, they charged us $10 a day to park there and we were GUESTS registered with the hotel. I may be weird but I think that you shouldn't charge your guests to park. Raise your room rates if you want to do so, but don't charge your guests to park!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	3	3	1	

<Author>dwilli10
<Content>Good Value       Ocean View From Balcony  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>GOY
<Content>A lot of cockroach in this hotel! My family and I stay at this hotel. When we get in to our room. The room is dirty and old. (carpet, bed sheet etc.) And there's a lot of cockroachs in the rooms! We check out after the first night.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	3	1	

<Author>L.Warent
<Content>Nice budget hotel My husband and I just returned from a week at the Island Colony. It was better than some of the previous reviews would have you believe. No bugs seen at all, and we did look. Our A/C worked very well for the studio room we had..Beds weren't any firmer than most hotels. Yes the bathroom was small but had all the necessities. Our tub plug wasn't working but was fixed quickly when requested. The nice big balcony was a treat, and we could see the ocean and a bit of waikiki beach. The big fridge and microwave were nice to have, although we hadn't asked for them, and the elevators were always very efficient. Very nice pool deck,store and laundry area. The area is safe and close to The Bus and lots of restaurants, and less than 10 min. walk to the beach. We would certainly return again and recomend it to others who aren' t expecting the Hilton.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>kthrasher66
<Content>First time in Hawaii My husband and I chose this hotel to stay for our first vacation in 23 years (October 21st - 27th)... we were traveling on a budget and this hotel suited our needs perfectly! We basically wanted a clean place to sleep and keep our stuff safe. When we first arrived we were directed to room 1515 - standard room.. as other reviews have said - you can't open the bathroom door all the way because it hits the toilet. I did notice a dead roach on the wall next to the mirror in the bathroom and then some small live roaches. I called the front desk and they offered to spray the room - I didn't want my stuff smelling like bugspray so I asked for a different room. We were upgraded to a studio room 4219 - this room was very clean - bigger bathroom. WONDERFUL VIEW of Diamond Head, the beach through the hotels and the canal... The private lanai was nice and big - great place to sit and watch the sun come up. If we are lucky enough to get to Hawaii again and still traveling on a budget - we would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>parrylouis
<Content>Nice for an older hotel We stayed here from Oct 7, - 16/06 room 2501.The room was clean and big from reading some of the reviews I was expecting a really small room,but was surprised to fine the opposite. Yes things were old and the a/c could have been better,but if you kept all the windows closed and a/c on high it was not that bad.This place is great for families, that are on a buget.The only complant that I have is that my son's mp3 player seems to have grown legs and walked off.So if I stay here again I will not bring anything that small that won't be noticed that its missing for a few days.One last thing the staff was super when the earthquake hit, they were calm and supplied us with water and pop as we stood in the lobby.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	1	

<Author>Fernuch
<Content>Not Too Bad       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>2Chuck
<Content>Potential to be great, but it wasn't Before I booked this property I read the reviews here. I noticed that there were a few that rated the place as poor, but many more felt that it was OK. I just needed a clean comfortable Hotel Room at a resonable cost for Saturday night in Honolulu and didn't care about a view or ammenities. I hoped that the Island Colony would be that place. I frequently stay at Motel 6, so I am accustomed to basic accommodations.  I arrived at the Hotel around 10pm and check in was smooth. The employees were cordial and effecient. My room turned out to actually be a large one bedroom apartment on the 7th floor. The hallway from the elevator to the apartment had sheets of paper every 3 feet taped to the carpet that said wet paint. Even though it was 10pm it must have been about 85 degrees in the living room. There was little breeze so opening the windows gave no relief. There was a tiny air conditioner in the bedroom (5000-7000 BTU or so). There was no way it could cool the entire place, so I retreated to the bedroom and kept the door closed for most of my stay.  I called the front desk to ask where the ice machine was located and was advised they don't have one. He told me to try the convenience store on the 6th floor, but they had none. I ended up having to walk a block and a half to a small store to purchase a bag of ice at 11:30pm.The apartment was clean, but inconsistetnly decorated. Kitchen cabinets were a sickly mauve color and were matched by a granite countertop in the same shade. The bathroom was adequate,but not clean behind the toilet, and paint was peeling. The living room was huge and nicely furnished in white rattan with one entire wall of window, but it was so hot, I couldn't enjoy it. Since I was leaving early the next morning, I didn't bother to complain, but from my experience up to that point, I don't think it would have mattered. This place would have been acceptable had the Air Conditioning been capable of cooling the entire apartment. This was the reason I rated it a 1. If it had been more comfortable I would give it a 2.I filled out their comment form and told them that I would not stay here again, and I would not stay at any Castle property in the future because of the total lack of concern the company seems to have for their customer's comfort. A larger A/C unit would only cost them a few hundred dollars per aparment and would probalby give them a quick payback in return business. Same for an Ice machine.It's sad, this place has such great potential if given even a small renovation.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>Coloradobuffs
<Content>It was great here!       view from table on lanai  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>iflyer
<Content>Average Friendly Hotel Waikiki - Castle island Hotel:  Average Hotel, clean.Date: Sept.20 - Oct.3, 2006Reviewer: Toronto, OntarioFor the record, Castle Island Colony/Island Colony is two properties in one - condo owned and hotel rooms. Separate security access for condos and hotel guests monitored by security guards. Parking was $10.00/day if you were a hotel guest. Small store, laundry and swimming pool on the 6th floor.Our room was #2117 with two double beds, a table  two chairs. 2 Chests with two drawers each. Closet with enough hangers for two people. In-room safe. Very small bathroom....the toilet blocked the door from fully opening. There was a stove, fridge, microwave, dishes and cutlery for two. The balcony overlooked part of the Ala Wai Golf Course and a view of Diamond Head partially obstructed by other buildings. Sunsets could not be seen so we would sometimes walk down to Kalakaua Avenue, a short two blocks away. Very clean and didn't see or come in contact with any bugs. Some reviews mentioned that the elevator was slow - never had a problem with that. All the staff were extremely friendly and very helpful, especially Gladys on the front desk. Our maid (Desiree) was just super. We had a problem with a blocked drain in the tub and a very loud squeeking closet door. A repair person was at the door exactly 1 hour after we made the report to the front desk. Castle island Colony/Island Colony is centrally located on the corner of Seaside and Ala Wai Avenue; also near to public transportation. Seaside Restaurant on the corner of Seaside  Kuhio is very reasonably priced (dinner $11.95/Breakfast $2.99) place which is always crowded. You can read about this restaurant in Oahu This Week magazine. Would we go back to this hotel....yes we would.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MyTripToPlaces
<Content>Dirty bathroom and counters. Room not ready when we arrived. Do not stay at this hotel. Our room wasn't ready when we went to our hotel room. It hadn't been cleaned. When we called the front desk, they put us in a different room. The hallways smelled muggy and cigarette smelling. The bathroom was dirty, brown stains in the tub. The shower curtain was old and worn. The bathroom and kitchen counters was dirty, film on dirt on it. The room wasn't vacuumed. The bed sheets smelled old and unclean. The hotel offered movies to rent but everytime we go down there it was always closed. Unpleasant experience.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>2tseppin
<Content>Great Location!!! My stay at The Island Colony was wonderful!!! My room was on the 17th floor room number 1717... It faced the canal...The room was clean and the bed was comforable...The staff was very pleasant and helpful in giving directions and suggesting restauarants...I enjoyed the pool and also the area around the pool if you prefer a more peaceful and private place to get some sun...The lanai is great as far as having coffee or a meal, totally private...I am a woman and I travel alone, I felt very safe both in the hotel area and the surrounding streets...Plenty of police patroling both in cruisers and on foot.. There is a great bakery, that I visited often...Walk out the main lobby, make a left, walk to the first intersection, cross the street and make another left it is on the right hand side of the street (Saint-German Bakery)...Seaside Bar and Grill has a great breakfast and many dinner specials...(Cheap) I also took a morning Catamaran sail on the Makani, it is a brand new boat and the crew was just great!!!You might also like to visit Sea Life Park, I really enjoyed myself there, Dolphins, sea lions and many other sea animals...I even swam with the dolphins, the highlight of my trip..I would certainly stay at The Colony my next trip!!!If your looking for luxury, this isn't the hotel for you, but if your on a budget, most definetly stay here.... DMD, Ohio  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Manowahine
<Content>Very Pleasant Experience!! My boyfrient and I stayed at Island Colony for 5 days. We were within walking distance of the beach, street markets, restaurants, and convention center. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Anytime we needed a shuttle or taxi, they called and booked everything for us. Our pick-ups were always on time and even when we had to wait, we were told in advance it may be 5-10 minutes. We were able to get a late check-out, extra towels were brought up very promptly and wake-up calls were given. The balcony was HUGE! It included a patio table and chairs and was big enough for a dining room table. We had beautiful views of the ocean, Diamond Head, the canal and other mountains. Although we were on an active street, it was very quiet and we never heard other guests. The bathroom was on the small side (but what hotel bathroom isn't) but extremely clean. My only caution about this hotel would be walking around at night alone around the hotel.(This precaution should be taken anywhere at night. Stay in a group or couple.) I did not neccessarily feel unsafe but, there are not very many street lights and there a couple of bars right on the corner. Overall, My stay was extremely pleasant and I would definetely recommend and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blueskydays
<Content>Excellent Choice Great hotel. Very short stroll to the beach. Starbucks and great breakfast place just around the corner. Nice big lanais. Great views of the Ala Wai. Comfortable beds. Clean, no bugs. For the price, excellent choice. You are in Hawaii to be out and enjoy and all one really wants is a clean, comfortable, quiet place to sleep.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MML2006
<Content>Not the best but better than expected My mom and I spent 5 nights at the Island Colony on our trip to Oahu last week. After reading some of the reviews I really wasn't expecting much. Actually, I was kind of dreading our arrival at the hotel. My opinion changed once we checked in. It's definitely a budget hotel but it's nicer than I expected.The location was great. It's within easy walking distance of a lot of shops, restaurants and Waikiki Beach. It's located right across the street from Ala Wai Canal. Kuhio Street is only a block away where you can catch The Bus to downtown Honolulu and Ala Moana Shopping Center. There's also a great restaurant for breakfast almost on the corner of Kuhio and Seaside called Morning Galaxy. It's a bar at night and in the morning they bring in tables and make it a coffee shop. We ate there almost every morning. They have great food (wonderful macadamia pancakes and waffles) at extremely reasonable prices.Our room was on the 7th floor overlooking the pool. We could also see Ala Wai Canal and the mountains. That was fine for us. When we wanted to see the ocean we went to the beach. I was constantly on the lookout for cockroaches after reading some of the reviews but I didn't see a single one. The room was spacious and had a nice lanai. The kitchen was small but perfectly adequate for us. We loved the full-size refrigerator, sink, microwave and coffee maker. The bathroom was small but it was nice that there was a cabinet under the sink to put our toiletries. The bathtub needed to be redone. The permanent bathtub mat was peeling and looked very dirty. I don't think they cleaned the tub while we were there because we could see soap scum whenever the tub backed up (which happened every time we took a shower). The beds weren't very comfortable and the pillows were very thin and lumpy. The bottom sheet wasn't fitted so every morning it was halfway off the bed. The biggest complaint I had about this hotel was with parking. Part of the hotel is also condos or apartments and at least half of the parking spaces were marked Reserved. Coming back late one evening I drove around and around looking for a space. The only empty ones were reserved spaces. I went back to the entrance and told the woman there was no place to park and asked her what to do. She said that as a hotel guest I could park in any reserved space. I repeated it back to her to make sure I understood correctly. I parked in a reserved spot and when I went back to the car the next morning someone had left a nasty note on the car threatening to have it owed if I ever parked there again. I showed it to the woman at the entrance and she said not to worry about it. I was so frustrated I ended up turning the rental car in a day early and just taking the bus. Overall, the place was good for a budget hotel. There were some things that could be improved but for what we paid, I think we got our money's worth.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>DimMSFT
<Content>Cockroach colony Stayed there for one night (room number 1803).It would have been almost OK if it wasn't a shabby old place far from the ocean and if we didn't have to share the room for a night with a friendly family of cockroaches.Got out of there the following morning and got a room in Outrigger Luana - what a difference!!!If you are looking for a nice place to stay, check [--] and forget Island Colony - you deserve better.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	1	1	2	2	2	

<Author>jhego
<Content>Great Budget Hotel       Other side  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>k5ix
<Content>nice hotel for the money Our stay at the Castle Island Colony hotel was very nice... It was well worth the price for a low budget vacation.. The hotel had many amenities that were nice such as cable tv...microwave... pots, pans, dishes and even forks, knives and spoons...I could even hit WI-FI hot spots from the room. This hotel has a nice lanai that allows you to sit outside rather than just look out of a window as the last hotel I stayed at did. The staff was very helpful as was the security personnel.. I wouid definitely stay here again although the next time I would ask for a higher floor.. (I was on the 7th)  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vmahajan_us
<Content>Fantastic Hotel to stay for less price.       Golf Course view from my room  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Myntrav
<Content>Enjoyed our stay The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful over our 2 week stay. It started out a bit rocky when we were offered a room with 2 beds overlooking the intersection of Ala Wai  Seaside. Not wanting to spend the next morning sorting out our room, we said we'd wait while they found us something else. After 5 or 10 minutes, we were given a room on the 36th floor, with a view of Diamondhead/golf course/mountains/bit of ocean. Since we'd made the reservation many months in advance, it only seemed reasonable to wait for what we'd reserved. We knew from reading reviews at this website that the bathroom  kitchen areas would be small, so no surprise there. The room was made up daily, and kept in good shape. The balcony was large (unlike the first room we were offered) and was used daily for morning coffee, and to gear down in the evening. It was a short walk to restaurants, tours, beach, and shopping. Thanks to a previous review, we found St. Germaine bakery (Kuhio accross from Jack In The Box) the first night, and had great bread every day for breakfast. Since we were staying for 2 weeks, the coin-op laundry was appreciated, and it was no hardship to wait at the pool while it was being done. There is also a massage center right on the same level as the pool, laundry, and sundries shop. Overall, we'd consider staying there again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>KatrinaV
<Content>Good value I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. It's centrally located in Waikiki. I had a great view from my balcony. My studio room came with a fridge, microwave and a stove. It's not luxury but it was clean and suited all my needs. They have great facilities such as a laundry room (which you pay for), sauna, pool and jacuzzi. For a budget trip I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was alright.... You get what you pay for. That is true with Island Colony. It was okay. If you are the on-the-go type.. it's cool.. Kitchen is pretty small. Bathroom is pretty small. Other than that, It was alright.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelladybug_7
<Content>so,so,bad I checked in on May30th. I was given the worst room possible. The room was filthy,especially the cigarette butts on the floor!The bathroom especially was unclean. The sliding glass doors to the Lanai make it unbearably noisy.. I never got any sleep.The front desk staff were rude.Totally unhelpfull. I find the claim, we're sold out to be the primary excuse for the bad rooms. I checked out the next day,and moved to another hotel, where I got the customer service I deserved.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Stoli straight up
<Content>Bargain for Waikiki Stayed here for a post-cruise adventure. One of the best for the money in Honolulu, as far as we were concerned. Received a free Upgrade to a Deluxe kitchenette from Superior. 37th floor, facing west. Views of the Canal, downtown Honolulu and Waikiki and the Ocean. Randy, the manager was very attentive and friendly. Parking was ample, and worth the $10 per night charge. Room was large enough, but the bathroom was small. Water pressure excellent on the upper floors. Convenience store and laundramat were a bonus, with the laundramat being very reasonable, especially after the prices charged on the Cruise ship.Location was a plus, with everything within a short walk to the attraction. We were very l,ucky with the elevators as we never had to wait more than a couple of minutes. Would stay here again and strongly recommend.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dylusive
<Content>Feb.1-10th Better then what I expected. We had a room on the 25th floor and it had an awesome view, we were on the side with views of the canal and some of the mountain range.. we sat on the balcony every day so it was really nice. Bathroom was kind of small. The shower wasnt the nicest. The pool area was nice, the sun deck goes all the way around so you are always able to catch the sun. Location was also very good. The front desk people were very helpful. but they never had any money to cash the travellor cheques. The activies desk was a great plus too. I felt safe the entire time will be at the hotel.. although the hotel doors could use some paint. But all in all a nice place to stay and would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What we expected       12th floor West Facing Balcony View  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>brilondon
<Content>This place sucked. This hotel was possibly the worst Hotel i have ever stayed in. The Garbage shute being right next to my room gave the wonderful aromas of a land fill. The weather was waarm so the garbage wa always stinking up the room and the hallway. The bathroom was very small and the bathrub backed up when ever the people above me had a shower and the odour was disgusting when it happened. The cockroaches were great company when they visited in the middle of the night. Over all I would never go back to this hotel ever again and would recommend avoiding it as an alternative to anything in Hawaii.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better than I had imagined! Three friends and I stayed at the Island Colony for a little less than a week, I wish we could have stayed longer. The rooms were far better than I thought they would be, the staff is very friendly, and the location is perfect. I was very sceptical about the hotel because of the cheaper rates, and all of the negative reviews. But all in all, we had a fantastic time and I was quite impressed. We had a great balcony with an amazing view of Diamond Head, it was clean, and convenient. Its a great place to stay in Waikiki!! I cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CC_in_VA
<Content>Management Change Explains a Lot! Old reviews of the Island Colony should be ignored because the management company was changed about a year and a half ago and has done wonders with the place since! During our stay there in January (first time in many years) we had a long chat with the jovial General Manager, Randy, who was full of information about the many changes and clearly very involved with great pride in the day to day running of the place. His desk personnel were very pleasant and helpful. I think all the hotel rooms have recently been renovated including updated cabinets and ceramic tile floors, plus granite or Corian counters in the kitchens/kitchenettes and bathrooms. Besides the many features listed in the other reviews here (well-stocked convenience store open long hours, nice pool area with lots of chaises, city bus stops to all destinations just 1 long block away, BIG covered lanais--about 8x12--almost an extra sitting or dining area in most weather) here's some info about the hotel setup: The ODD numbered rooms are on the Diamond Head/East/Pool side of the hotel, and are slightly smaller than the even numbered ones on the other side. The odds all have an under-counter refrigerator, microwave, toaster (may need to request it?) and extra sink plus cabinets, and some have a 2-burner cooktop. (Studios don't have the cooktop, Lodgings do...) Our room was a Studio high up on the EVEN West/Sunset side, facing Pearl Harbor and downtown Honolulu as well as the ocean, parks, Ala Wai Canal, and Koolau mountain range. I think you would get great views from somewhere in the mid-20 floors on up. The two extra-long double beds were very comfortable, and we found the decor quite pleasing.The room was very clean and the daily housekeepers were pleasant and thorough.The bathroom, while small, was well-designed (and a better layout, I thought, than the ones on the odd side of the building). I was delighted to have the huge lanai (balcony) where we ate all our meals. If the tradeoff was the small bathroom for that big lanai it was worth it!Incidentally, on the even side all the studios and lodgings both have a regular refrigerator (maybe about 12 cubic feet capacity?) with two doors, the upper one to a freezer compartment--more spacious than the under-counter fridge on the odd side. The one-bedroom suites on both sides have a complete kitchen with even a regular range.With the demise of many of the moderate hotels in the Beachwalk area now that the Outrigger organization is redeveloping that section for a more upscale clientele, there is a growing scarcity of reasonably priced hotels in Waikiki--a scarcity that I believe will accelerate. The Island Colony is a good solution for my husband and me, and we are looking forward to many return visits there in winters to come.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>C&VM
<Content>Well located, comfortable        Partial oceanview from large lanai  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place for the outgoing traveller       Castle Island Colony Hotel  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for budget aware travellers... My Mom and I stayed at the Island Colony for 2 weeks at the beginning of January. We were very worried about what we would get, but we were pleasantly suprised. I called ahead 2 months before and requested a high floor with a nice view, when we arrived into our room we were overwhelemed.....they put us on the 30th floor (the hotel has 44 floor) and we had a fabulous view...also the hotel gave us a kitchennete room...we didn't book it, but that's what we got for free!!! The balconies were fabulous...10 feet X 10 Feet, table chairs and instead of metal bars as the rail, it's just one sheet of glass so there is nothing to obstruct your view of the valcono, ocean and golfcourse. We were also thrilled with the security of the hotel....you need a room key to even get into the lobby where the elevator is. And there is a security guard there 24 hours a day. I read other people's reviews and I was shocked....the staff were extremely nice and helpful, my room was clean, not at all damaged, hot tub and pool were great and there always seemed to be empty loungers around the pool, and a good location. It's a budget hotel you can't expect the Hilton....Yes there are hookers/transvestites who frequent the corner and some of them live in the building, but they don't bother anyone...their working just like everyone else, so if you don't want one then why do you care if they are there. I would defiently recommend this hotel....My Mom and I had a FABULOUS vacation and can't wait to go back!!!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jdilla
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! I, too, was skeptical of the Island Colony due to the numerous negative comments. Our budget was minimal and we wanted to spend more on entertainment, dining etc. and not on the hotel. When we arrived, I was surprised when our driver informed us that the Island Colony was the tallest building in Waikiki and the views were excellent. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the lone front desk agent. There were a few other families waiting to check in, but the wait was less than 15 minutes. We reserved a standard room with the hopes of an upgrade -- which we did receive. We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite - complete with living room area with sofabed and full kitche, along with a seperate bedroom and huge lanai. The view was amazing. Panoramic views of the Ala Wai Canal and Diamond Head as well as a partial ocean view. I couldn't ask for more. There is a standard size pool with jacuzzi as well as a snack shop with all of the necessities. The on-site laundry mat was also very convenient. Security's presence was always felt and housekeeping was efficient. Although we are returning to Waikiki again next month - we will not be staying at the Island Colony - not because of a bad experience. I preferred to stay directly on the beach and opted for the Outrigger Waikiki this time around. Either way, Oahu is a must every year for my family!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value            
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so great! A friend and I stayed in the Castle Island Colony Hotel in Waikiki from Oct 19 till Nov 2nd, 2005. We paid in advance for the trip which precluded our moving to another hotel. The hotel is in the process of converting to a condo/hotel and while we were there they removed the garbage schute in the whole building. Needless to say, it stank and there were cochroaches everywhere. We moved rooms once to see if that would help but ended up in a worse predicament as the beds in this room were very uncomfortable. I wrote to both the manager of the hotel and the tourism liaison at the governor's office but neither one has had the courtesy to reply to my letters. This was my first trip to Hawaii and other than the Hotel I enjoyed myself immensely. People everywhere were very friendly and extremely helpful when needed.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jbn8
<Content>Alright...service questionable       View from the 31st balcony facing Diamond Head  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>seelybee
<Content>A brilliant choice in fabulous Hawaii Having read the mixed reviews of this property I booked 10 nights over Christmas through a private owner (Gerry's Waikiki Condos through rentalo(-)). She sent us lots of pictures which gave us a good idea of what to expect.We were delighted with what we got - even better than the photos showed. The studio was very well equipped with everything you could need, including a large fridge freezer and dishwasher in the kitchenette. It was spotless, well furnished and had plenty of spare towels and linens so the lack of a maid service was no problem. The view was sensational from 3815 - canal, golf course, Diamond Head and a wide ocean view. The location is ideal - close to everything but not on top of the beachfront crowds and noise. Yes, the public areas do look a bit tired and faded, but the value for money was good and the flexibility to eat in or out helped a lot with the budget. For us it was a better option than even a luxury hotel. Just do your homework to get the right room or condo for your needs.I wouldn't hesitate to return - as soon as possible!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good vacation I and my 3 grown kids ended up at the Island Colony from a packaged deal I bought. We all decided in advance that it wouldnt matter what the room was like---who would spend a lot of time in it anyway?? Upon arrival at the airport we were met by a woman fom Aloha Tours that helped us get our baggage and take us to the Island Colony. This was also included in our packaged deal. Every one was very friendly. The hotel was very surprising. Better than I expected. The building was very secure. The room was very clean with a great view. I never experienced any problems with bugs etc. We also had a coffee maker, microwave and refrigerator in our room. People at the front desk were friendly and we were within walking distance to the beach, zoo, and International Market place. There was also a little store on the 6th floor which came in handy. The pool was clean and nice. Lots of chairs to lounge on. I would probably stay here again. A good room with a good price.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I thought it was great! Having read the previous reviews I was really concerned about staying at this hotel and the day before my trip I looked into booking somewhere else more expensive...I am really glad I didn't! The hotel isn't AMAZING but it's only 2.5* so what can you expect? We had no problems whatsoever,the room was large and clean with small kitchen area, the pool area was lovely and had loads of sunbeds (the only thing it lacked was a bar for drinks and snacks but there is a shop just inside). The location of the hotel was great, right near the shops and restaurants. I would definately stay again! PS ask for a room on a high floor, the views are fantastic!!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>akmlion819
<Content>Not Real Happy I'm from Hawaii and somehow felt I was given a room less than what I could've had if I had been a mainlander. I was quite disappointed. The room was large and clean upon entering for the FIRST DAY but extremely hot since an air conditioner was only situated in the bedroom. The livingroom area with the kitchen where it is totally hot and stuffy had no fan or air conditioner. The curtains in bedroom had holes in them. The maid service was very poor with dishes left in the sink, sticky floors, beds done inadequately. You had to ask for an extra fan for the livingroom area or you wouldn't get any and the windows and lanai glass windows and glass walls were very dirty with hand marks all over the place. I will not return to this location ever again. DISAPPOINTED TO THE MAX!! Oh, one last mention...at least all the furniture in the room including the bed were very new looking. A+ on that!!! However, needs to improve cleanliness of unit, add a fan to every unit and make sure if there is a housekeeper each day that the unit is done up appropriately.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sgandara
<Content>Great Deal  Stayed at Island Colony from Sept 24-Sept 30, 2005. My family enjoyed our stay and we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. The property is in a great central Waikiki location about a 5 -10 minute walk to the beach and across the street from the Ala Wai canal with its 3.5 mile walking/jogging trail. Now if you are looking for an upscale property, don't stay here as you will be very disappointed. This is an older budget hotel. The rooms were adequate with a kitchenette being a big plus for us. The lanai was huge, and the views from many of the rooms are spectacular. We did not find the elevators to be slow, and while parking is tight in the multi-story parking structure, it was no different than any other high rise parking situation (low ceilings, tight curves). The hotel staff was very friendly, and like many Waikiki properties, there is 24 hour security. A deal for the budget minded traveler!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>toddcarl
<Content>this place sucked I got this place with the airlines I needed a room fast. We paid for 3 nights i stayed for one and never went to sleep there . The room had a window unit that they placed on the floor it did nothing it was pointless . The room was nasty bathroom horrible please do yourself a favor do not stay here . It did have a pool what a joke that was . dont get in the water ...lol  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Get What You Pay For We reserved two rooms and requested they be connecting. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were told that the hotel was booked and our request couldn't be accommodated. Next best thing was rooms a few doors apart. Other than that, our stay was as most experienced by others reviewing this hotel. However, we disagree with the parking situation. While it may be cramped, it is certainly not difficult to find parking or to get in or out of the garage. Parking is $14 per day. Hotel is located within easy walking distance to all. Wonderful view from 18th floor balcony of Ali Wai Canal. Not the cleanest, nor the most modern, but certainly efficient. Also comes with mosquitos and bed bugs, but remember, you are in the tropics.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cstokely
<Content>Good value but not much else This hotel is best described as a value hotel. The rooms were what I consider average size and fairly clean (this IS an older hotel). The night staff at check in was very friendly, and even upgraded our room when our inital room had a broken air conditioner. We were quickly moved up to the 43rd floor - what a view! The king bed was a little uncomfortable but OK. The little mini fridge froze everything we put in it (we couldn't find a control knob). The air conditioner was average but not great. The balcony was very nice and large, with great views of Diamondhead, the beach and the canal. The security is good, with your room key required to access the elevators and a security guard in the lobby. The parking is a nightmare!! The ramps and spaces are way too small, and if you weren't back at the hotel before 5pm, often we couldn't find a space at all!! Then we were told just to keep looking until someone left! Also, you have to pay cash at the parking booth -- you can't just add it onto you hotel bill. Just know, if you are looking for luxury, this is not your place. If you are looking for a great location at a good price, then you'll be OK here.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Views of the City; Bad Accommodations This place is reasonably priced for what you get, which is good. Parking is impossible if you arrive after an hour beyond check-in; the garage isn't even owned by the hotel. We stayed here for only one night. The room was nice (keeping the price in mind) and the pool is nice, also; it's cool getting to look at the city while you're swimming. The best part about our room was the view. It was fabulous! I took many pictures of just our view. You can see downtown Waikiki and Diamond Head. Great! However, it was hard to sleep. It's weird that something as small as bedsheets could change your opinion of a place, but it did. These sheets were clean, but very old-school and itchy. The bed was too hard. The bathroom was drab, but they did make an effort by renovating it and the kitchenette with granite. Pros: Great View, very accessible to touristy places and the city.Cons: Accommodations are lame and a major renovation is in order.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Complete Disappointment Wow.. Where do I start? First of all, parking was the most crowded I've ever seen in a hotel. You couldn't even navigate the turns when driving through most of the garage. Furthermore, when walking through and to the elevator, it didn't feel the safest.Next up, let's talk about the rooms. You get nice looking pictures of the rooms online, but when you get there, it's another story. Paint chipping off the walls in the bathroom. Dirty shower curtain (old?). Shower head just hanging there, not even attached to the wall completely (in other words, the pipe was sticking out through some break in the wall that looked like it was done with a hammer). The outdoor balcony furniture was also less than what was shown on the online pictures. Just as someone described it, this is like staying in a very old dorm room. It is not worth the 100+ per night. Don't stay here.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lindataylor62
<Content>great views       1st rainbow over diamond head  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hantawah3
<Content>Castle Island Colony-Clean and Comfortable-Great Value My wife and stayed at the Castle island Colony and we were very well pleased at the value rate which we received.We really got more than our money's worth as we were given a very clean and comfortable room on the 36th floor.The room was furnished with a king size bed which proved to be quite comfortable for two bone weary tourists each night.The room also included a small kitchenette with a half size refrigerator,microwave,coffee maker and small sink-all of which proved to be quite handy during our visit for preparing snacks and quick lunches. I have read other reviews about the smallness of the bathrooms at this location and I can vouch for these other reviews as the bathromm was indeed small.But there was adequate room to shave and move about once the door was closed,plus our bathroom featured a hairdryer. The big surprise was the lanai (balcony) which was like a visual smorgasbord as to the left were the mountains ,centerwise we had a nice view of Diamondhead and to the right we could see the ocean.Down below and to the left was the Ali Wai canal which daily featured a number of outrigger canoes and kayaks passing back and forth.The real treat for us as early risers was to get up and watch the sunrise pop up just left of the inland end of Diamondhead,these like the vaunted sunsets, are also quite colorful as well. The front desk staff was always polite and helpful with our questions and arranging a late checkout was handled quite well as I was informed that they would be glad to store our luggage for us since we had a late night departure or we could pay $10 an hour late charge- past the 12:00checkout.As we had booked a kayaking trip for our last day I elected the late charge as we were able to return to our room late that afternoon and and get cleaned up and dressedfor the long trip back home.I certainly appreciated their giving us the option . Another nice feature here is the location as you are but a two block walk to Kuhio Avenue which features nearby bus stops,plenty of eating establishments,clubs and stores. My only complaint is with the activities desk as my wife went down and inquired about arranging a reservation for one of the Luaus and was told rather abruptly by the young man at the desk that she would have to call Grayline to arrange such an activity.Amazingly ,we called one of the Luaus ourselves and had a reservation set up in three minutes and NO we did not call Grayline. Certainly if you are looking for value priced accomodations,this certainly one to consider.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay I chose this hotel after reading mixed reviews about it on TripAdvisor,too. I spent five wonderful nights (May 12th-16th). The hotel was better than I expected. The room(1 bedroom) we stayed on 19th foor was spacy and enough clean, my daughter who is 1 year old was running around the room. we had absolutely gorgeous mountatin view everyday especially at night. The staff were so helpful. The pool was also great! We swan there under stars. 15 minites from the beach wasn't far for us. We recommend the Island colony for all visitors.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Island Colony from a resident's perspective       Rainbow from the balcony  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel       A studio unit with one double bed  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel!   showReview(3270190, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ecary109
<Content>Loved It!!       View from balcony of the Pacific ( early AM)  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not if you want good memories of paradise   showReview(2861942, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value   showReview(2823333, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jakeduke
<Content>Nice view!   showReview(2794115, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GERI
<Content>Once again we are very happy! Sept. 16th - Sept. 23rd   showReview(2615932, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Castle in the sky   showReview(2517490, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation ever!   showReview(2517077, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hiro72
<Content>銈偗銈伀銇仯銇︽渶浣?#x201d;   showReview(22403685, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>chrisgate5te
<Content>銉€銈ゃ儰銉兂銉夈儤銉冦儔銇嬨倝銇棩銇嚭   showReview(21325859, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>銇嶃倞銇俱倠
<Content>锛戙儥銉冦儔銉兗銉犮伅搴冦€咃紒   showReview(21254970, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銈屻亜銈屻亜
<Content>鍗佸垎锛侊紒鐪恒倎銈堛仐锛侊紒渚垮埄銈堛仐锛侊紒   showReview(20922447, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>銈儵銉栥儸銉笺偟銉?> 銈儵銉栥儸銉笺偟銉?</a> </div>
<Content>澶溿伄銈儶銈广優銈广偆銉儫銇屾渶楂樸仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(20902501, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>銈枫儯銉嶃儷
<Content>闀锋湡婊炲湪銇柟銇亰鍕с倎锛?#x201d;   showReview(20580146, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Christine2412
<Content>Preis-Leistung Super !   showReview(20424340, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>TajMahalde
<Content>Sehr nettes und hilfreiche Mitarbeiter, Zimmer fein + sauber   showReview(20357368, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>booon
<Content>銇°倗銇ｃ仺娈嬪康....   showReview(19813060, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銈儯銉冦偡銉?> 銈儯銉冦偡銉?</a> </div>
<Content>楂樺堡闅庛亱銈夈伄鏅壊銇槸闈炰綋楱撱仐銇︽銇椼亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(19571674, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein unkomplizierts Hotel in zentraler Lage.   showReview(19637262, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸銇︺倐銆€鏅壊銇亜銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19172430, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闀锋湡婊炲湪OK   showReview(19170446, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儯銉冦偣銉€€銈偆銉┿兂銉夈€€銈炽儹銉嬨兗锛堟棫銈偆銉┿兂銉夈€€銈炽儹銉嬨兗锛?#x201d;   showReview(19169557, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闀锋湡婊炲湪   showReview(19169191, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈淬偔銉栥儶銇曘亪銇勩仾銇戙倢銇?#x201d;   showReview(19162377, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儯銉冦偣銉€€銈偆銉┿兂銉夈€€銈炽儹銉嬨兗锛堟棫銈偆銉┿兂銉夈€€銈炽儹銉嬨兗锛?#x201d;   showReview(19161970, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je vous recommande   showReview(11390744, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LalaTahiti
<Content>Personnel pas tr猫s sympa et acceuillant   showReview(6622997, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	2	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(11375819, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儕銈ゃ€€鏈€楂橈紒   showReview(19157743, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偆銉┿兂銉夈€€銈炽儹銉嬨兗...   showReview(19928282, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑸┖鍒搞仺銉涖儐銉伄銉戙儍...   showReview(19926798, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>楂樺堡闅庛伀瀹挎硦銇椼伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19926774, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2搴︺伝銇╂粸鍦ㄣ仐銇熴亾銇?..   showReview(19925905, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅銉勩偄銉笺仹...   showReview(19925701, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉寚瀹氥伄銉勩偄...   showReview(19923215, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉忋儻銈ゃ仹鍒╃敤...   showReview(19920660, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇叆銈嬨仺娴枫亴鐩伄...   showReview(19920075, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱仭銈夈伀銇?搴︺伝銇╁...   showReview(19919038, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儕銈ゃ亴搴冦亸閬嬫渤銇岃...   showReview(19918651, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

