<Author>tetsumaru
<Content>love the service and cute room at splendid etoile hotel paris when we are travelling there are 2 things we expect from the hotel, first the service and second the room.Splendid etoile hotel paris has made us felt welcomed in foreign country and foreign customs, the concierge was very friendly and helpful and the room although it was smaller than we expected was cute and charming with the chandelier on the ceiling.we think the lobby interior need to be improved by making it brighter and as charming as the room, to get more luxury appearance .Lobby is the first area that guests would see and first impression is important. In Indonesia specially Jakarta and Bali, the hotels lobby are always luxury.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kevinsteer
<Content>Splendid by Name, Splendid by ........................... Having read reviews of this hotel on this site we were expecting a very nice hotel and were not disappointed.The location, just off the Arc de Triomphe, across the road from the nearest Metro (Charles de Gaule E'toile), was excellent.The rooms warm, welcoming and very nicely appointed.The staff friendly and helpful.The breakfasts catered for everyones tastes, cold, hot, cereals, fruit, cheese, meats, eggs, bacon, sausages, croissants, juice, tea, coffee etc etc.We went to Paris for 3 nights to celebrate the New Year and had a wonderful time. We travelled on Eurostar and the only down side to the whole trip was the huge queues for tickets for the Metro once we arrived at Gar du Nord. Had we known we could have bought them at St Pancras once we had checked in for Eurostar, won't make that mistake again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ginge-Barney
<Content>Found friendliness in Paris Rooms and breakfast were very good.Chief Concierge Farook deserves a special mention - he couldn't have been more helpful and friendly. Very limited French was not a problem in this hotel.Just outside the front door was the Arc de Triomphe.Could walk to some attractions but Metro just outside the Hotgel's door.Went to Paris for the New Year celebrations and to celebrate my birthday with 6 friends.Excellent location to see New Year celebrations in Paris  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>yaoka
<Content>good location and service We were completely satisfied with the services and circumstances of the hotel. Sure to come and stay again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Loppitt
<Content>Fantastic long weekend.... Our trip to Paris was via my husbands work - so the hotel was booked for us. The main purpose of our visit was a whirlwind long weekend sight seeing trip with our 12 year daughter. On arrival at the hotel we were met very warmly by Farooq at Reception. Our room was lovely and spacious - except for the wardrobe which could have been a little larger as it was supposed to accomodate 3 peoples clothes. The location was superb, right next to the L'Arc Du Triomphe and Champs Elyese. We only ate breakfast at the hotel but the choice was very good - even our daughter was happy!The hotel staff were lovely and a special mention should go to Farooq and the other reception staff - nothing was too much trouble and their local knowledge was invaluable. Thank you.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	1	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>kerr'smeadow
<Content>Superb hotel       spectacular view from balcony  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>eutuelnoivoiei
<Content>Splendid hollyday Very good Hotel  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marvfish
<Content>Slendid as ever This was our third visit to The Hotel Splendid Etoile and we found it as splendid as ever. Beautiful, spacious, well maintained rooms, friendly staff, convenient location, what more can you ask for? We have traveled all over the world, including seven trips to Paris. The Splendid Etoile has become our Paris home.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>MaxGS
<Content>Great hotel at the center of Paris We stayed at the Splendid Etoile for 5 nights in October 2008. We chose the hotel for its location and on the basis of favourable traveller reviews. It turned out to be a great choice! The hotel is small, quiet, yet centrally located on one of the avenues radiating from the Arc of Triumph. The metro/RER station (Charles de Gaulle Etoile) is right outside the main entrance of the hotel. From this station you can get directly on the RER going to Eurodisney; the jounrey takes about 35 to 40 minutes. The Air France bus service from Charles de Gaulle airport runs from just across the street. There is also a taxi rank just a few meters up the road. The hotel offers a buffet breakfast for 23 euro per person (which is somewhat expensive) but does have a good selection of croissants, baguettes, cake, cheese, ham, cereal, scrambled / boiled eggs, fruit, tea, coffee and hot chocolate. The hotel also has a restaurant open for lunch/dinner and there is a great variety of cafes and restaurants in the neighbourhood. Our room was spacious, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was clean. The gentlemen at the reception were very friendly, polite and eager to help, give directions, call a taxi etc. Overall, we had a very pleasant stay at the Splendid Etoile and would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>grotznod
<Content>Great value. Was in Paris for a company conference, everyone had an excellent time. The hotel itself was very clean and well cared for. As has been mentioned, the hotel is a short walk from the Air France bus, the open top tour buses, and the Metro. Many restaurants just off the Champs-Elys茅es, also a short walk away. The hotel staff, in particular the front desk staff, were very helpful with directions and recommendations. I will definitely stay there again when I visit Paris, either for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>melianfinz
<Content>The Lift Episode! The hotel is in a perfect location and the view from our room (no 606 ) on the 6th floor was fantastic. We however got stuck in the lift on our first day for 10 minutes which was very very frightening. The notice inside the lift says 4 people max, so my husband, myself and our 2 friends got in and promptly got stuck !!! The reception staff got us out THANK GOD within 10 minutes but they were very upset for us as they have been asking the hotel management to either upgrade the lift mechanism or place a notice stating a max. of 3 people in the lift for ages and they have done nothing so far.The rooms are modern, clean and comfortable and the staff are very friendly. The breakfast was good with lots of choice.My final commets are that the bar should be open on Sunday nights, not closed and there should be tea and coffee making facilities in the bedrooms.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Debbie024
<Content>Wonderful weekend We have just returned from a long weekend at the Splendid Etoile hotel to celebrate our 28th wedding anniversary. What a wonderful time we had. The hotel was great, rooms lovely and comfortable, nicely decorated and the breakfast was very good too. The staff were very friendly and helpful, especially Farooq the Chief Concierge. We went on a fantastic dinner cruise on the Sunday evening, recommended by Farooq. Champagne on arrival, then we boarded the floating restaurant for 2 hours cruising up and down the Seine whilst we were served a wonderful meal. The lights of Paris by night were fantastic. We also bought a 2 day pass on the open top tour bus, which took us round all the main sights. You can get on and off as you please. We also visited the Louvre which was amazing. On our last night we found a great restaurant - La Cave Lanrezac, just round the corner from the hotel, serving fabulous french cuisine.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Paris. What a beautiful city!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sandknitz
<Content>Splendid indeed! I recently spent four nights at Splendid Etoile and am so grateful I did! Since this was my first trip to Paris and I was a woman traveling alone, I did a lot of research and read many reviews prior to booking my hotel. Splendid Etoile far exceeded my expectations!While it may seem a bit pricey, it was worth every penny! First, its location is incredibly convenient . . . the Air France bus from CDG drops off right across the street and the RER/Metro station is a few steps from the front door. In addition, I was easily able to walk to the Arc, the Champs-Elysees, the Bateaux-Mouches on the Seine and the Eiffel Tour. You can also catch the les Cars Rouge minutes away on the Champs-Elysees near the Arc.I was very fortunate to get a corner room, so I had a magnificent postcard-like view of the Arc de Triomphe through my floor to ceiling windows which I left open during my waking hours while in the room. Day and night, it was mesmerizing.I appreciated the intimate lobby. My room was lovely and spotless. The staff was very attentive and the concierges were all so helpful!The perfect ending to my magical trip happened my last afternoon there. After returning to my room and throwing open my windows to breathe in a little more of Paris, I was treated to a sun shower immediately followed by a huge double rainbow out my window over the Arc.This was a life long dream fulfilled, and the Splendid Etoile truly enhanced the entire experience. I look forward to the day when I am able to return with my husband!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mariavp
<Content>Splendid Etolie is splendid indeed! I had an excellent stay at the hotel. The staff were helpful, courteous and professional. I was very impressed that a room was ready for me at 9hrs as I had just arrived from an overnight flight. Room was very large especially for European standards, though the hotel is older, it has nice elegant French charm. Location could not be better- lots of boutiques, restaurants and bars nearby, plus shopping at your doorstep. I would highly recommend and would certainly come back to Splendid Etoile.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Smood
<Content>Paris gem Had a wonderful two night stay here at end of September. Air France Bus from Charles de Gaulle (Line 2) stops just over the road from the Hotel. Entrance to Etoile Metro station is also just over the road. We arrived at about 11am and thought we'd chance it to see if our room was ready. Check-in staff and Concierge were fantastic - they estimated that room would be ready in 10 minutes and were delighted when we were given the all clear after 3! Stayed in Room 306 - great size, with two balconies opening out onto the street with a wonderful view of the Arc de Triomphe to the side . Had requested the view when booking but you never know until you get there. Room 307 might have had a direct view of the Arc from within the room but we were delighted with the size and comfort of 306. Concierge also recommended L'Empereur cafe, immediately over the road from the hotel entrance and we ate there a couple of times - a good selection of prix fix menus, especially the breakfast and brunch. We never ate in the hotel so couldn't comment on that aspect. We tried Le Cristal cafe once, behind the hotel on the next Avenue over leading from the Arc. Ordered here from the prix fix and ate what they bought to the table, only to find that we were being charged for each item that we ate - tourists beware! Overall a wonderful experience with great access to/from the airport and to the metro system. Couldn't fault the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ErnieNW
<Content>Splendid Etoile is Splendid The hotel gave us excellent service and is in a fantastic location for access to all of Paris and transportation to the airport.The only possible deficiency is the hardness of the mattress on the bed and that is a personal difference that others may disagree on what they like.It was a great experience and I would plan to use the hotel anytime I am in Paris.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PennyDubai_UAE
<Content>Splendid location! The only reason we stayed in this hotel was due to it's wonderful location and reasonable standards of service and quality of establishment. We read quite bad reviews of other nearby hotels and this hotel seems well rated. We did not get dissapointed since we already got familiar with the Europe hotels in this case Paris hotels being crampy with small bathrooms and stuffy too. But Splendid was great! The view was not as expected since we upgraded our room but nonetheless I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a good location at a reasonable price. However, don't judge the hotel by the pictures on the internet which in most cases they take the best room pictures and they have many types of rooms.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>camp708
<Content>Convenient Location, Friendly Staff, A Bit Pricey Have stayed at the Splendid 4 times over the past 6 years. Each visit has been consistenly good. But price escalation is becoming a big issue. Looked at several other hotels in the area with better pricing which will be given greater consideration for my next Paris visit. Cannot beat the location and convenience to transportation. The room, staff and cleanliness were all excellent. Take the Le Cars (Air France Bus) from the CDG airport which drops off across the street from the Splendid! Nice restaurants in the area on the side streets from the Arc de Triomphe. Overall a great choice if price is not a huge consideration. Great website for direct booking.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cilantro_and_Lime
<Content>a decent, predictable hotel but there may be better options       View from our tiny balcony  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>PSJ1789
<Content>An OK Hotel The Splendid Etoile Hotel is a nice average French hotel which is a little dated. This adds to the charm for a romantic getaway in Paris. However, for the business traveler, it is a bit of a challenge. Taxis are impossible to get, travel arrangements cannot be made through the hotel, and the checkout time is 12 noon without the possiblity to extend it. So while I liked the hotel, its services fell short of meeting the needs of the modern business traveller. I would recommend it for a romantic getaway.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>zadny
<Content>Great location All the staff were great - so friendly and helpful. They even managed to get us tickets to the Moulin Rouge even though we asked at 5pm on the same weekend as the Tour de France with all sessions already fully booked.The rooms were great - nice and quiet, and the housekeeping staff seemed to clean the room and replace the towels every time you left it.The location next to the Arc de Triomphe can't be beaten. Only 2 minutes walk to have a bottle of champagne on the Champs Elysees.We loved every minute of our stay and will definitely return to the same hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>megmarc
<Content>Awesome first experience in Paris Let me start by saying that this was my wife and I's first trip to Paris, so I have no perspective on what other hotels are like and my compete basis of comparison for making this reservation was TripAdvisor.The location is awesome, because it is on the Champs Elysees, but also because it is right across from a Metro, which we learned will take you anywhere. The areas around the hotel were great for finding great shopping, cafes and an afternoon bottle of wine.We stayed a week in late September in room 309, a Jr. Suite located on the 4th floor. We did not have a view of the Arch but knew that and preferred the Jr. Suite. I must admit that our first impression of the Jr. Suite was disappointing as it did not look as grand as the picture on the web site, but we soon got used to it and were very very happy with our choice. It was a bit expensive, but I'm guessing that is just Paris.The bathrooms appear to be reasonably new and are very well appointed. I was pleasantly surprised just how well done they were. We asked that the twin beds be converted to a king which they took care of for us. The appointments are minimal but very efficient. We had two very grand windows, one in each room, that opened up onto the street. Our view, while not of the ADT, was of a normal Paris street, and we found it very nice. The adjacent room was small but also very efficent and included a TV, mini bar and small table. All better than we expected.The in room internet sucked but they have a free internet station downstairs that was almost always available and it worked great.We did not request the breakfast package and did not use the bar, so I dont have any thoughts on those.The strength of the Hotel Splendid is the staff. They are remarkable. Some of the nicest people I have ever encountered in a hotel. We have traveled extensively and I would match them up against anyplace we have stayed. The front desk staff made you feel at home every time you entered the hotel. They helped us with everything from how to ask for something in French to how to request a refund of the VAT tax on purchased items. They were always friendly and helpfull. I would recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CDCS
<Content>Highly recommended hotel Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in September. I have stayed in a number of different hotel in Paris and this is by far and away the best. The location is fantastic - views of the Arc de Triomphe as other reviewers have mentioned. And the Air Fance bus from the airports will leave you practically at the door of the hotel. The rooms are a good size ( we were able to fit an extra bed with no problem), and spotlessly clean. Beds are comfortable. Again - bathroom is a good size and very clean. Breakfast was included in our rate and is very adequate. I was worried about whether the room would be noisy from traffic outside but this is not the case at all because the rooms are double glazed with shutters.The staff are to be highly recommended - they could not have been more helpful with any queries we had. And special mention to Farouk who went out of his way to accommodate us.Overall I would say that in its price category you will not do better then the Splendid Etoile in Paris.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pres13
<Content>Wonderful hotel, wonderful staff, wonderful stay!! We stayed at the hotel for six nights in September and had an absolutely wonderful stay. The staff at this hotel are absolutely world-class, always friendly, and go out of their way to assist with any and every detail large and small. Special kudos to concierge Farouk (hope I'm spelling that correctly) who arranged a wonderful dinner cruise for my fiancee and I on the night of her birthday and was most helpful with our every request. The room was spacious, spotless, and outstanding, offering a wonderful view from the balcony of the Arc de Triomphe. The hotel is located in a great area, with several terrific restaurants and bars all withing walking distance and the Metro is literally right out of the front door of the hotel. I have visited Paris on several occasions in the past but have never enjoyed a stay as much as I did this time. This is our hotel in Paris from now on, without a doubt. Can't say enough about the place and the staff. Wonderful!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>solent_blue_ling
<Content>A perfect Paris hotel We stayed at The Splendid Etoile for 3 nights Bed and Breakfast in August and I am delighted to say that it met all my expectations. This hotel is a pricey 4 star but certainly ticks all your boxes for a luxury romantic Parisienne break. After shopping round for the best rate I found a deal on eurostars own website which gave you the 3rd night free and breakfast and a pound upgrade to 1st class seats on the train. I then contacted the hotel direct to request an upgrade to a superior room before we arrived, as I wanted to ensure that we had a room with a view. Our room was the corner room on the 4th floor and the view was just magical. We had most amazing view of the Arc de Triomphe from the 2 balconies in the bedroom, and my husband boasted that he could even see the top of the Eiffel Tower from the balcony in the bathroom! I couldnt fault the standard of the furnishings in the room which was spotlessly maintained. The Buffet Breakfast was 2 die for and there was so much food on offer that it kept us going until tea time (.... a huge benefit in Paris as the restaurants are ridiculously over priced ! ) One word of warning though, is that breakfast is only served until 10.30am prompt - not until 12pm or 11.30am as the staff and hotel literature advise you ! We witnessed a number of dissapointed hungry guests being turned away at 10.31am. The hotel was superbly located at the top of the Champs Elysee which caters for those of you who either want to walk or take the metro. Sadly the hotel bar was closed throughout our stay which left us feeling a little short changed on the facilities front - but the staff were professional, polite and discreet at all times and I would definately return again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The4Amigos
<Content>What a Hotel! We booked the Splendid Etoile after reading other reviews on trip advisor. We stayed for four nights and had a fantastic time. The hotel was excellent, staff friendly and helpful, rooms beautiful and spotlessly clean. It is ideally located; the Air France bus stop is right outside, as is the train station. It is within walking distance to all the sights and there are many nice bars and restaurants within the vicinity. The hop on hop off open top buses are a great idea to get around Paris priced at 24 euros for two days (the bus stop is at the top of the Champs Elysees) We cannot wait to return!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wendixie
<Content>Oh so splendid       Sitting Area  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>IGOR_F
<Content>Hotel Splendid is a wonderful place! I definitely recommend this hotel!As a gift to my parents I took them to Paris for a vacation, and we stayed at Hotel Splendid, which I found online through parishotels.The pleasant experience started from the reservation confirmation email by Francoise, fully accomodating my additional requests and making me feel comfortable and sure of their customer service. Upon our arrival, the chief consierge Farooq was pleasant and extremely helpful in helping us settle in, describing the surroundings, making great recommendations of sights for us to visit and best ways of getting there. I must say that the whole staff of the hotel is absolutely terrific and assisted us with every single detail of not only staying at the hotel, but making other trip arrangements as well. The room on the top floor was spacious for three, bright and turned away from the busy sounds of the Champs Elysees. The view of the Arc de Triumph through the window added a phenomenal charm to our stay. Room service was terrific in detail. We came down every morning for a hot breakfast, which included all the major palette teasers - from fresh pastries to cold cuts, the cheeses of course and sea food, fresh juices, omelette or cereal, great coffee and friendly staff.I can go on and on, but one thing for sure - the stay was terrific, hotel offers great accomodations, the staff is professional and courteous, and I am definitely coming back!-IgorLos Angeles  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maybee520
<Content>Perfection! For our first ever trip to Paris, my husband and I booked a superior room, requesting a direct view of the Arc, at the Hotel Splendid Etoile. After much fretting over whether or not the hotel and room would live up to the reviews, that I poured over on this site, I can report that our 9-day stay (7-21 to 7-29-08) at this property was absolute perfection. We checked in to Room #507, which had a wrap around balcony accessible from both the bathroom and the bedroom, and the most beautiful and direct view of the Arc de Triomphe that anyone could hope for. As a bonus, because we were 5 floors up, we also had a view of the Eiffel Tower. The view literally took my breath away, as I had not expected such a treat.We had a large closet with multiple shelves and full length mirrors, a safe, mini-refrigerator, both a desk  table with chairs and a large double bed with a great mattress. The bathroom was huge, with the best water pressure of any shower I have ever experienced in a hotel. Our room was spacious, clean and I didn't want to leave!Right outside the front door was the Metro, a taxi stand, the Air France bus stop, and access to the RER.Everyone of staff that we came in contact with, were attentive, friendly and welcoming. I would not hesitate to book this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>crawlem
<Content>Very nice hotel in a great location I don't have a bad word to say about this hotel. Located literally opposite the bus stop for the Air France Shuttle buses, you can arrive in Paris, jump on a coach and cross the road to get to your hotel.Our superior room had a fantastic view of the Arc De Triomphe, and was spacious and well appointed. Staff were friendly and helpful.We didn't eat in the hotel at all in the 2 nights we stayed, restaurants and chic shopping are just a short stroll away.Absolutely perfect.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Finaghy_blue
<Content>The Excellent Etoile! My family and I stayed at the Splendid Etoile Hotel for six nights in July 2008 and cannot over-state how wonderful a stay it was. The hotel is located just a few yards from the Arc de Triomphe and so very handy for site-seeing in this area, it is surrounded by great bars and cafes with plenty of choice but at the same time quiet and peaceful at night. Just across the road is the Charles de Gaulle Etoile metro station which meant that getting around Paris by train was very easy and handy so this hotel is perfect for the site-seeing in all the different areas of the city.The staff at the hotel were always friendly and wonderfully helpful. Special mention must go to Farooq the Chief Concierge of the hotel who was charming, helpful and friendly in everyway. If you are going to stay at the Splendid Etoile seek him out and he will help you arrange everything to make your trip to Paris a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sue2000
<Content>Nice, but..       front of hotel  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>BrazAustralia
<Content>terrific place, great location We have just returned to Australia after a 4 night stay at the Splendid, and Splendid it was too....echoing all of the favourable comments on this site, I would add that I was more than pleasantly suprised by the size and style of the room, and can confirm again that Farouk is extremely good at his job- by the way, he used to be a fast bowler in Pakistan, and was considering going to Australia for coaching by Lillee and Thommo- he chose Paris and the hospitality industry- good new for all of us I'd say....Anyway, back to the hotel. We stayed in a superior room, room 403- with the exceptional view of the Arc from the balcony- probably fairer to call it a balcony rather than a terrace by the way, wouldn't really be able to hold a cocktail party out there! The room was MUCH bigger than I had expected, should even impress Americans. It had an entrance hall, bathroom off it, and a door to the bedroom that could be shut, so there is an extra level of privacy from the bathroom to the bedroom if you get my drift. Good size wardrobe, good flat screen TV, but dodgy air conditioning- we couldn't get it to move from freezing or off, but to be honest we are low maintenace guests, we reported it once and then didn't worry about it again. Fussy people would probably be whingeing round about now I expect.Tiny lift up- as per usual in Paris- charming lobby, bar area, and a little ( unairconditioned) phone box size room with an internet connected PC ( free to use) for all those people who aren't bringing laptops on holidays with them, but still need to check emails etc. As per this sites advise, we didn't eat at the hotel- Farouk in fact pointed out a great breakfast cafe down the road a bit , where he goes- much better than the place over the road.It really is ridiculously handy for transport- RER station right outside the door, Cab rank 10 metres away, metro stop 200 metres, and the 14 euro Air France bus to CDG airport just over the road- brilliantly located. We strolled under the Arc to the Champs Elysee for people watching, and visited quite a few of the local bars/ bistros where the Euro's were on TV every night.Anyway, I would stay there again like a shot- that's how good it is- well priced for what you get, and fully worth its high rating on this site- au revoir Hotel Splendid Etoile!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eklektra
<Content>Fantastic Gem of A Hotel The Hotel is in a fantastic, quiet neighborhood just one block from the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees and is surrounded by many fabulous cafes and restaurants. The front desk staff is fantastic and attentive even when the lobby is crowded with people. Farooq is a national treasure and went above and beyond with assisting us. The Air France bus stops directing across the street which provided easy, hassle free transportation to CDG/Roissy. They dropped at our terminal. There is a cab stand and a metro stop steps from the hotel... actual steps not a 15 minute walk steps. A walk to the Eiffel Tower took about 20 minutes. The Louvre and other places of interest for us took about 45, but Paris is a city for walking. All rooms do not have a view of the Arc. Sadly ours did not, but it was spacious and comfortable just the same. If I recall 207, a superior room, had the postcard view from the terrace. I would definitely return!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KatarinaH
<Content>Wonderful stay there       View from the balcony  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bernardbbk
<Content>Great Stay We came for the second time and I must say that the service has improved A LOT. We were greated with a smile and everybody was FRIENDLY AND ATTENTIVE. We will CERTAINLY come back . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Unver
<Content>A Nice weekend in Pairs The hotel is located in the very center of the city just across the famous Arc de Triumph. Acess to the hotel from the CDG airport with the buses of Air France is very easy. They stop just at the corner of the street. The buses are comfortable and cheap relatively to taxis. The room I stayed was a superior one with a balcony and a view of Arc de Triumph. The room was quite large for a couple even with a child. The only bad experience we had was about the hair dryer in our room. It was not operating and when we asked for a new one they said that they can not get a working one and they did not.Altough the room was clean and well decorated it requires a renovation in coming one or two years. The concierge was helpfull and depending on whom sits on the front desk you could get english speaking stuff (This is something extraordinary in France)Overall, it is not cheap hotel but if you want to be in the city center and have ease of access to both metro and buses it is good choice.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Stanislaw
<Content>Just wonderful and amazing I booked this hotel on the base of superb references on tripadvisor and I made no mistake at all! Nice staff, nice rooms, absolutely SUPERB location, most of rooms have view on Arc de Triumpf, you are directly on metro and bus connections to airport and street is quite quiet!For the same price you can get much worse hotels in Paris.I would definitely return to this hotel, and please note, I 麓m quite demanding customer.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chopper1Dublin
<Content>perfect in paris have been to paris a number of times but this hotel is the best i have stayed in---the staff including the concierge are amazing-farooq is friendly,helpful and the best front man a hotel could ask for.rooms are spotlessly clean -well provided with good viiews and a great location right beside the arc de triomphe with a metro station directly across the road--even air france have a stop for coaches to take you to cdg airport.we will be going back here sometime soon--well done!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LRBSEB
<Content>What a Location and View We just stayed 7 nights at this wonderful hotel. Our room on the 6th floor was a large room overlooking the Arc d' Triomphe and Eiffel Tower. Chief Concierge 'Farooq' is the best, along with reservation specialist 'Francoise' who helped with train tickets.We will definitely stay here again on our return to Paris.Lynn  Sandra BookerSan Antonio, Texas  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>feminic
<Content>Great Hotel--everything you want to know       Another view from 408 balcony  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dropie
<Content>Essence of Paris from your balcony I chose this hotel based upon the reviews from this website, and was most pleased with our stay. We were afforded a balcony view of the arc d' triumph that was one of the highlights of our Parisian experience. Farooq was as good as advertised, one of the best concierges I've ever encountered. Balcony views are limited, and we booked months in advance with a specific request for a balcony room. This hotel is one of the most convient locales in Paris, with a subway stop across the street and the bus transport to the airport also just across the street. Great dining is within walking distance from the hotel. The photos posted on tripadvisor don't do the view justice. The rooms are clean and large by Parisian standards, and surprisingly quiet. My wife spent her 40th birthday overlooking Paris from our balcony sipping Tattinger champagne and enjoying Belgium chocolate...a memory I will always cherish...Randy Hill  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jambo38
<Content>Excellent surprise break We booked the hotel after reading reviews from tripadvisor for my parents 40th wedding anniversary. This was a surprise present and I was hoping that the hotel lived up to some of the excellent reviews. My parents have returned from this mini break in Paris and they were absolutely delighted with the hotel. They stayed in room 507 which was a superior room and they said this room had excellent views. They could not speak highly enough of the hotel and staff. They would not hesistate to recommend. I found booking the rooms directly with the staff at the hotel amazingly easy and they were most helpful.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>surf-snowboard
<Content>Great location, great rooms! Booked it after reading reviews, and it was exactly as described. The lobby was small but the staff was extremely nice and helpful. Going up in their tiny elevator made me have doubts about the rooms, but walking through the door put me at ease. The room was BIG. We had a view of the Arc and got some great night time pictures from the window. The bathroom was 1/2 the size of the hotel room, unbelievable! Great location, and every evening we were able to walk down Champs Elysees. Wouldn't eat at any of the restaurants on the street though. Loved the hotel!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mangpfang
<Content>A Dream Stay In Paris!!       Key Splendid Etoile Hotel Paris  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hacklin1979
<Content>Amazing Stay - trust the reviews! Amazing stay. We stayed here for three nights over Valentine's day, and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to Paris and I would stay here again on my next visit. We stayed in Room 606 which was a suite, and it surpassed the pictures on their website. You walked into a small hallway before entering a large living room, which had many windows that looked unobstructed onto the Arc de Triumph and also in the distance to the Eiffel Tower, this room had a large couch, a coffee table, 3 chairs and also a desk, mini-bar and TV. You then waled through sliding double doore to a huge bedroom, with plasma tv, double bed (the bed could be more luxurious), and then through to a large bathroom with bath and seperate toilet. The location is superb as you are literally a 30 second walk to the Arc de Truumph and 3 minutes to the Champs Elyesses. Also the metro is accross the road. The staff were all extremely helpful, polite and accomating in every way.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristysf
<Content>Absolutely Perfect! My boyfriend and I selected this hotel after reading the reviews here and were 100% thrilled with it.The room was, by European standards, HUGE and well appointed. The view of the Arc and Eiffel Tower was unbelievable. Everything about it was romantic and perfect. I had never stayed in Paris before, and this hotel was everything I had ever envisioned.The location is definitely not in the center of it all, but it's literally next to the Arc and Champs Elysees, AND metro station and taxi stand, so it's easy to get anywhere.I've never bothered to write a review for a hotel before, and am doing so just to encourage others to stay here.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>guy_traveller
<Content>Staff was friendly, room was fine. We only stayed one night due to family committments, but the hotel was well appointed and nicely located.The internet did not work in the room and had not worked all week. It would be nice if they would realize that some people do need the internet.The hotel is well built, the room would have been probably quiet except I had the windows open!There were two single beds twin moved together to make one double bed, and this was not optimal. However, the staff was friendly, the room and bathroom were nice, the facilities pleasant. and the location was good.We didn't eat breakfast there because we had to leave too early.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>jpclark9
<Content>Great location, Great hotel Nice hotel, central enough for walking to many must see sights. The balcony and view of the arc make for some memorable photos. We had to wait to get into our room, but the front desk ordered us complimentary coffee and chocolate for the short wait. The rooms are a good size for European standards, but a little cramped with a roll away for a third person. We loved the ease of the shuttle bus stop across the street from the hotel when arriving from the airport; however, if taking a train out of Paris, be sure to pre-order your taxi in plenty of time for an a.m. pickup in front of the hotel. It takes a little time to get to the train stations in morning traffic and we nearly missed our train to the alps due to the fact that it took 30 minutes to get a taxi. Overall a very nice stay. Next visit I think I will split my time between this hotel and another closer to the Latin Quarter.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>TravelmanPerth
<Content>great hotel and location This is a great hotel in a perfect location a stones throw from the Arc de Triumph, service was very good and would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel or staying again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JobiJuJuBee
<Content>Stay HERE        Blick vom Balkon aus am Tag  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Zasha
<Content>Great hotel with an awesome view This hotel was in a very convenient location to transportation. We left the CDG airport via Air France Bus which stops right outside the hotel across the street. The Metro is also right across the street. We stayed in room 507 based on another review we read here and we loved it. The room was nicely decorated. We slept with the balcony doors open for the cool breeze and it was relatively quiet, except for the occasional ambulance passing by. The view of the ARC was awesome! When I stood outside on the balcony I felt like I was looking at a painting. There was even a balcony in the bathroom although you could not see the Arc from this balcony. The room and bathroom both were large for Europe standards and they were very clean. Staff are very friendly and efficient. I will definetly stay at this hotel on my next visit to Paris.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EmyKris
<Content>The Perfect Hotel in Paris       The lights at night are amazing!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>JimD_7
<Content>Great location The hotel was literally across the road from the nearest metro and very close to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs- Elysees.We booked a standard room but were lucky enough to have a room with a view of the Arc de Triomphe.Staff were efficient but not as friendly as we had been led to believe from other reviewers.Breakfast offered a good selection but this should be expected based on the cost of the same.We ate in the Hotel Resturant one evening and enjoyed a good meal with good service at at a reasonable price compared with eating on the Champs- Elysees itself.Our room was very clean and decorated to a good standard without any major signs of wear and tear.Overall I would recommend the Hotel.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>KCunningham
<Content>Very pleased with the hotel I booked a superior room for myself and my daughter to stay for the weekend - we are both light sleepers and always struggle to sleep in hotels due to noise problems. Not this time! We had Room 611 which, to be honest, had the most awful view but was fantastically quiet - we literally didn't hear anything apart from the dull hum of the air conditioning unit. We also founds the beds to be very comfortable. Room was also very spacious as well as having a big bathroom - only disappointment in the bathroom was that it got very steamed up when you had a bath or shower. We didn't bother with breakfast as 22Euros seemed expensive but just went over the road and there are many places nearby to eat.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>newpip
<Content>A mixed deal       actual view from window  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Zippyzazoo
<Content>Splendidly too quiet for me, though nice for the right person. I stayed here a few months ago. It was my first time traveling based on reviews from Tripadvisor.comWell, I learned that I am not looking for the same things as most travelers. Everyone seems concerned with how posh and quiet it is. I am only 34 and when I go out of town, I want to experience the city. The hotel plays a large part in that experience as I am always going too and from it.The neighborhood is nice, but a sleepy bedroom community, for Paris that is. While sightseeing you have to pass all the fun communities with plentiful cafes and parks to come back to the Splendid. I would have preferred a hotel in the 6th, 5th near the Pantheon or Ile de la Cite, after visiting them. There you have more cafes with the chairs on the sidewalks in rows, and art galleries and tons of unique boutiques, bakeries and more. That being said, it may be the perfect hotel for those who want peace and quiet ( though there is a bar down the sidestreet, that you can hear drunks yelling sometimes. I ran to my balcony to watch, excited by the prospect of life, they were too far to see though.) The streets had few people and no street life. Granted, it was August.The Champs is very close, but mostly just a bunch of shops I have here. Walk through it on your way to somewhere.The Arc de Triomphe is close, but once you have seen it...The hotel was nice. I paid a little more than I wanted to because of the reviews on here. I would have gladly paid more for a more idealized Parisian neighborhood and atmosphere. Like on TV, and that is what you get in the other neighborhoods I mentioned.I had some form of junior suite. Walk through the door,then a little cloakroom or place to put luggage and hang coats with a door that shut it from the bedroom, then the bedroom, pretty windows that sealed off traffic noise, a balcony, then to the right of the bedroom is a little sitting room, and off of that the bathroom, which was very nice and large for Europe. Semi-mildewy shower curtain. The room had a balcony and a view of a pretty Cap-Gemini Consulting office building. Nothing at all to look at to the left or the right.Breakfast was good! I liked it. Not too different from other hotels I have stayed at in London. Bins with eggs, bacon and sausage in one small area, and a longer table with breads, meats, cheeses, fruit, cereal and beverages. The entire breakfast room is smaller than most master bedrooms in the U.S. I look forward to breakfast as I like to see the other travelers and get my bearings for the day.There is not a bar that I noticed and no place where other patrons congregate or one can talk to the staff in a less formal manner.Overall, a nice place, but not worth the #8 spot on here in my opinion. Not even close. Tripadvisor needs to come up with a better ratings system besides singles, families and romance.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	3	3	2	

<Author>SiWoking
<Content>Big let down We stayed over the weekend and booked a room with a view of the Arc de Triumphe. Lets just say this trip was a massive disappointment. Checked-in and went to the room to find that not only did the room not have a view of the Arc de Triumphe - it didn't have a view at all. It literally looked straight onto a white wall of the adjacent building 5 feet away. I complained at reception that I'd asked and been promised a room with a view of the Arc de Triumphe and had paid a premium - was told that all rooms were fully booked and there was no possibility of being moved. Apart from the room, the breakfast was very disappointing as well - the whole place was just a let down considering we'd been expecting such great things following the reviews here.I've visited Paris with my other half quite a few times and have always been very pleased with the quality of the hotels. What made this experience even worse was that i'd planned to pop the question, but the room put such a dampner on the whole weekend that i decided to leave it for another time. Will return to Paris but wouldn't go near this place again. Avoid, unless you like to fork out a fortune for a room with no view.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>MDMORG
<Content>Loved it! Hotel was great! We stayed at the Hotel Splendid Etoile for our Honeymoon at the end of October and we could not have been more pleased. The hotel staff were warm and attentive. They took wonderful care of us. Our room was beautiful and the view could not have been beat. We stayed in room 507, and I highly recommend it! It was beautifully decorated, and was larger than most European hotels. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was large and luxurious. We would definitely stay there again. The location of the hotel and the easy access to public transport made it a winner all the way around! I can't wait to go back! My husband even said before we left that it seemed like a lot of money for a hotel, but afterwards he said it was so worth it. Definitely the best place we stayed. It was just wonderful.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gardencare
<Content>We Liked the Splendid Very nice hotel, well situated with excellent transport links to CDG airport via Air France Bus which stops right outside!Staff are very friendly and efficient. Rooms are spacious and well furnished. Overall a good experience would stay there again - no doubt.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nikkiosu
<Content>Great hotel My mom and I went to Paris in October and stayed at the Splendid Etoile. The location is fantastic, and the hotel was even better than we anticipated. I had read the great reviews on tripadvisor and was pretty confident that we would enjoy the hotel, but my expectations were really exceeded. The rooms are much bigger than others I've stayed in in Paris and the view can't be beat. However, it was the staff that really made all the difference. Not only were they accomodating, but they were great people with whom we enjoyed talking all week. The concierge, Farooq, is simply a treasure. We talked to him at length a couple of times, and it was as if we had a good friend in Paris. He had great insight on Paris, traveling, and life in general. We will stay at this hotel again whenever we visit Paris and look forward to seeing Farooq and all the members of the staff. Highly recommended, you can't go wrong with this hotel and experience.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>norcal9003
<Content>Huge Disappointment We booked this hotel based on all the positive reviews on tripadvisor. Boy, were we disappointed! It was completely NOT worth the 300 Euro we paid per night. The front desk staff were RUDE and deceiving. We had booked a room with a double bed. But the room we were given had two twin beds and were extremely small. When we requested to change to a room with one bed, the front desk staff replied that they could change our bed to one bed instead of moving us. We were happy but we returned in the night only to find that they had not changed our bed to one bed but instead had used one sheet instead of two. We felt cheated. When we talked to them again, they said we either deal with the two twin beds or we had to move to a room in the back facing the courtyard. Our room had PAPER THIN WALLS. It was very noisy. We could hear conversations from neighboring rooms and people walking around and opening and closing doors. In the morning we would hear loud noises coming from elevator and kitchen. The door to our room had no dead bolt or chain link. One time the MAID WALKED IN ON US while we were sleeping. The bathroom was extremely small. The bathroom sink drained poorly. The shower water pressure would change depending on usage in other rooms so the WATER TEMPERATURE COULD CHANGE FROM VERY HOT TO VERY COLD as we were showering. The hair dryer handle would get so hot that I needed to wrap it with a towel in order to continue using it. The AC IN OUR ROOM DID NOT WORK AT ALL. One night when we got back to the hotel, the hotel staff were trying to pry open the ELEVATOR DOOR WHICH GOT STUCK WITH PEOPLE INSIDE !!!Did I mention we were charged 6.40 Euros for a short local phone call to reserve a boat tour. Also one time while we were returning to our room, we saw ONE GUY PEEING RIGHT OUTSIDE THE HOTEL in public. The bad for this hotel far outweigh the plus. Please do youself a favor and refrain from booking this hotel. We made the mistake and would hate to see other people from making the same mistake. There are far superior hotels in Paris for far less money. If we could do it again we would go for some place such as Latin quarters with breakfast and transportation to/from airport included.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	2	1	1	

<Author>travelingprince
<Content>Romantic and delightful Hotel Got back 10-25 -07 from Paris, and 4 nights at the Hotel Splendid- would have liked to stay longer but the World Cup rugby finals took all the rooms months earlier. The only negative(get this out of the way)-- The room is average by Paris standards- a little small to me- first trip to Euroupe. The room is beautifully appointed, lovely furniture, chandeliers, flat screen tv, decent closet space. The view is great- The hotel is next to the Arc de Triumph- ask for a view room- its worth it. Very quiet inside(double pane windows)-- Three sets of balconies. Spotless, -little touches- like the great key , towel warmer, bidet??, robes, extra thick towels. The tub is deep and long enough but if you're hips are over 40 you might get stuck. Great location-- Up the Champs Elyssis- the metro literally 10 steps from your hotel- 5-7 minutes to most of the sights. A great cafe across the street- 9-13 euro's for a great breakfast. Hotel charges 22euros( I didn''t think it was worth the difference-- they're was much more food than I could eat. ) The service is 5*- Farooq the head conciege is dedicated to making everything go smoothly- storing our luggage when we planned to go away- calling cabs( even when they're impossible to get), helping with any excusion or transportation plan you can think of. Free internet which came in handy while we watched the fires burn near our San Diego home- and kept on track with our 3rd aniversary vacation. There's even a shuttle that leaves all day and night to the airport for 25Euros for 2. Farooq personally helped drag all five peices across the street to the shuttle. The stuck-up rude to Americans French were not anywhere near this place. It was worth it to me to pay a few more Euros to have a beautiful setting,convienyent location, and great service. And yes- Our home it ca-va-(o.k.)  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deputysher
<Content>WOW what a fantastic property, fantastic location, and caring staff! I chose this hotel due to previous reviews on TripAdvisor and we were not disappointed. While comparing the rates, we decided to splurge for a suite and we were not disappointed. We had the corner suite which overlooked not only the Arc but also Rue de Carnot. The rooms were spacious and the bathroom beautifully appointed. We loved it.The view from our room was fabulous -- we could see not only the Arc but also the Eiffel Tower -- you just can't get any better than that! We felt so charmed and special and delighted by this! We loved having the suite because with jet lag, sometimes one of us was up in the living room reading or watching TV, while the other was in the bedroom sleeping. There were pocket door separating the two so it was very handy.Other reviews mention the busy traffic and quietness of the rooms. We were astounded by the fact that the thick curtains, which are drawn at night over closed windows, TOTALLY blocked out the sounds of traffic, sirens, and helicopters. Yes, helicopters! The first morning we were there, there was some type of traffic accident or medical emergency on the round about around the Arc. Many, many emergency vehicles came including a helicopter, presumably to remove the injured. Traffic came to a dead standstill, and probably caused havoc throughout this part of Paris.We walked to the Eiffel Tower at night (the concierge said it was about 15 minutes but that must be in 'french walk speed' as it took us about 30 minutes. We thoroughly enjoyed the walk and especially loved seeing the tower lit up. We took a cab back and it was only 6 euro, well worth it as our feet were tired by then.We also got brave and took the Metro (subway) to the Louvre, based on Farooq's advice. The entrance to the Metro is right next to the hotel - it can't get any easier! We also took the Air France bus from DeGualle Airport based on Farooq's advice and were happy we did. It was only $13euro each and let us off directly across from the hotel. That was amazing!The evening concierges recommended two restaurants that were very good. One was a brasserie just 2 blocks away, and the other was a small restaurant about 3 blocks away. Both were excellent though the bill at the restaurant was scary -- $188 euro, but we chalked that up to being in Paris!I would definitely stay at this hotel each and every future visit to Paris. We previously stayed in St. Germaine des Pres, but the service here was outstanding and really made the difference for us.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PingleNJ
<Content>Spectacular Visit (-- in spite of a train strike) We stayed at the Splendid Etoile for 3 nights. The location is fantastic, with a great view of the Arc from the room balcony. The rooms were very nice and very clean. Although the hotel is in a bustling area, it was completely quiet at night with little to no street noise, making for a very comfortable stay. While the accommodations were excellent, the best reason to stay at the Splendid Etoile was the staff. Each and every staff member was professional, kind and considerate, personal, polite and incredibly accomodating. The day of our departure was quite untimely, in that a train strike went into effect the night before and we woke that morning with no train back to Geneva. Additionally, because of the strike, there were no available flights out, no available rental cars and the hotel was booked. Needless to say, it was a bit nerve racking -- but the concierge, Farooq, was incredibly comforting, continually reassuring us not to worry and that we would be taken care of. After numerous calls, he found us safe passage home. He went above and beyond to ensure that our wonderful Paris stay did not end in distress. We are incredibly grateful to the staff at the Splendid Etoile and especially to Farooq for his genuine kindness and caring. This is a great Paris hotel and as such, you need to book early!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KarlaF
<Content>Paris Delight We spent 5 nights at Hotel Splendid Etoile at the end of a 3 week trip in various parts of Spain and France. The location is outstanding - about 100 yards from the Arc de Triomphe on Avenue Carnot. Metro is across the street; lots of cafes, patisseries, brasseries are within walking distance.Though our room had a lovely view of the Arc - and its very busy roundabout - the soundproofing was so good, the noise did not disturb our sleep.The Hotel staff is excellent, knowledgeable, friendly and very helpful for non-French speakers. Faruk was especially gracious and professional. When our traveling companions lost their passports, Faruk helped shepard them through the process to obtain travel documents. We thought of Faruk and the rest of the staff as Ambassadors to their guests. We would highly recommend this hotel and will look forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>piecyk7771
<Content>Our Honeymoon We spend a week here on our honeymoon. Loved the view of the Arc de Triomphe from our balcony. The location is wonderful. A couple of minutes walk to the Champs des Elysees and the Metro. The room was small but we didn't care. The bathroom was very modern and clean.The concierge was always helpful and recommended a wonderful local restaurant. Breakfast very overpriced at 22 Euros, but there were plenty of other options all around the hotel. Elevators were tiny, but were part of the charm of the hotel.Not inexpensive, but worth the price. We plan on going back here on our next visit to this fabulous city.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lad2709
<Content>Paris excellence We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in a large superior room. Could not fault anything, room was clean and well presented, staff always helpful and seemed eager to please. Super location, comfortable, and good value for Paris. I would certainly recommend this hotel. Did not have breakfast which seemed a little expensive at 22 鈧?and given the locally available cafes  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MiaCanada
<Content>This Is The BEST Hotel Ever !!!!!!!!!!!! My husband and I have just returned from The Splendid and I must say this is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Everything was excellent from the wonderfully helpful, kind and attentive desk staff to the beautiful room (507 corner room) and ideal location. You can walk a very short distance to all of the major sights. If your thinking of staying here.....do yourself a huge favor and stay at this little slice of heaven. A special Thank You to the lovely desk staff from your Canadian friends.Can't wait to return.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BredeCan
<Content>I Love This Boutique Hotel!       Heavy room key!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trvlfish
<Content>Great Hotel, Desk Needs Help We enjoyed one of the rooms that faces the Arc, I think that speaks for itself. Everytime you came into the room, open up the baclony windows and...WOW. The room was great, the bathroom was spacious and clean. Everything was good and very French.The hotel desk and Concierge could use some help though. I know the French are a little reserved, but c'mon. I don't think the level of effort to pry the information out, or the quality of that information was a cultural or language thing. It was simply a useless effort to continue trying, so we went about it on our own and we were better for it.All in all the view more than makes up for some of the shortcomings....Go ahead and book it, just do your research ahead of time.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	3	4	

<Author>jjWirral
<Content>Tres Bonne We have just returned from our first visit to Paris after staying in the Hotel Splendid. We would like to express our thanks to the lovely staff including Farouk!! The hotel was in a fantastic location, the open top bus stopped round the corner and the Metro over the road. We had a fantastic view of the Arc and the Tower.We would not hesitate to reccommend this hotel to anyone. As in most hotels in france they do not have tea making facilities and if you are like me needing one as soon as you wake up then take a little portable kettle with a couple of sachets (this sufficed till breakfast).We found the staff helpful and friendly.Hello Farouk from Mr and Mrs David Barnes (Liverpool)  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goodtrips01
<Content>Excellent choice       view at night from our room  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kel_wen
<Content>Great Location,Great Hotel We stayed at this Hotel based on reviews in T.A. in Aug.The views from the room was better than we expected, we were on the 4th floor on the corner and had a great view on the Arc and Eiffel Tower.Although the room was smaller than we were expecting, but this didn't really matter too much to us.We caught the Air France shuttle which dropped us at the front door. The metro was across the street so it made travelling to the other sites easy.We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, we preferred to have our coffee on the run.We found a nice restaurant about 10 mins from the hotel, a little pricy but we were in Paris. There are many places to eat close by.The front staff were always helpful, although we didn't meet the legendary Farook.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Doko_no_kamae
<Content>Great Location...tiny room I stopped here for a few days in February; it was my first time visiting Paris. Great location, you can see the Arc d' Triomphe and the Charles De Gaulle airport shuttle stops right by the hotel. I had to get used to the small but charming room. I guess small rooms are the norm for hotels in France. No problem though! The staff spoke English and provided suggestions on where to go. They are very friendly and accomodating. I would definitely give them my business again. It is a little pricey, though.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>VladimirSPb
<Content>Best hotel ever       Hotel FROM Arc de Triomphe - the building in the centre of the photo  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Anonymous133
<Content>Great Views, Nice Hotel       Night view from our room  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ekmcler
<Content>Great view, so-so hotel       view from balcony at night  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	5	1	3	3	

<Author>DaniellepwALES
<Content>Great Location But Few Minor Issues I booked hotel based purely on T.A. reviews and must say the location cannot be faulted. However, I am surprised that the reviews did not mention the b/fast area. The hotel has approx. 57 rooms but only 8 tables in the b/fast area!! We waited for15 min. one morning for a table and thereafter went down REALLY early to get a table without having to wait. The staff in the hotel are friendly but I must say that the lady who runs the b/fast room made our stay very unpleasant. she run it like it was a military and it was very regimental-it would not have hurt her to smile once in a while. Two tips - I agree with a recent review that complained about 'rip off' taxi fares. We approached taxi driver directly outside hotel to ask how much it would be to take 4 of us to CDG, he quoted 30-35 Euros. When I asked Concerige, he said it would be 70 Euros, so you can guess who we chose!! So advice is, you are better off arranging your own taxi.Secondly, we decided to take the Air France shuttle to hotel on arrival ,again based purely on T.A. reviews.The only problem with that is that if you arrive in Terminal 3 as we did, you have to lug all of your luggage to Terminal 2 to catch shuttle. You have a long walk then catch the CDGVal to get shuttle. The journey from the airport to hotel, which stops right outside door, took one and a half hours, hence the reason for taking the taxi back to CDG. This might not bother some people but it's worth mentioning.The lift only carries 3 people which again is a problem if there are more of you in your party and during our 5 day stay, the bar was not open at all.All in all, our stay was a pleasant one and I would probably stay there again if only for the location but I was slightly disappointed that it didn't entirely live up to all the hype which is a shame.Also, I did not meet the celebrity that is Farouk as maybe it could have turned my stay around!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	-1	5	4	-1	

<Author>75kempy
<Content>Fab hotel, great location I choose this hotel after reading the great reviews on TA.I was not disappoined it is a fab hotel, great location and very nice and clean. Standard rooms are great and have got everything you need.We had booked breakfast and found it to be very nice, not much hot food but loads of nice fruit and breads, jam and that.The staff was always friendly and helpful with directions and recommdations for eats and places to visit.All in all i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Paris as its great value for money.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>natashan
<Content>can't wait to get back       balcony  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Theroomnottaken
<Content>Wonderfully Romantic Myself and my girlfriend stayed here the weekend after Valentines day. Having read the reviews on trip advisor i had selected this hotel as it was my girlfriends first trip to Paris, we were both not disappointed. The staff were brilliant, i requested a room with a view of the arc de triumph which we resultantly got with an amazing view, especially at night !The view was fantastic, the room was lovely in its rich old world decor and the staff could not have been more helpful. The location cannot be beaten, you are a walk away from all the main attractions, with a metro station across the road also. I could not recomend this hotel enough, especially for a romantic get away !  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MadameKUnitedStates
<Content>I'm sad to say that I will never stay here again! Let me start by saying that this was my THIRD stay at this hotel (I loved it the first two times) and that I booked my stay directly with the hotel rather than one of the discount sites. You should also know that I speak fluent French so there was never a misunderstanding due to a language barrier. First of all, the beds are hard as rocks and instead of bed pillows, they only have shams on the beds - a big change from my last stay. The concierges' recommendations for restaurants were in most cases not worthwhile choices. More importantly, beware of the practice of some of the concierges to make arrangements with the hotel car driver to rip you off for local cab rides. We had agreed on a 30 Euro price one night ,(there were 5 of us) but were charged 50 Euros when we got back to the hotel! Farouq (the head concierge) met with me, apologized, and said that he knows the concierges should not try to rip off tthe customers by conspiring with the car drivers to pad the bill so they can make extra money, but beyond his apology, nothing else happened. After that, I called for our own cabs. When we checked out, we were charged for internet service in our rooms (when we had no computers with us!!) and over 35 Euros for long-distance phone calls which we did not make (as we used only our cell phones to make satellite calls). They took off the computer charge, but not the phone calls. When I returned home, I e-mailed and wrote the General Manager of the hotel (in French) and asked for a refund. I never even received a response, let alone a refund. The view and location are wonderful, but for the price of this hotel, I will stay somewhere else next time ---the Splendid no longer lives up to its name!!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>MartinAB
<Content>Nice Hotel in a Terrific Location My wife and I just stayed at the Splendid Etoile for eight nights in a superior room. Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel. First, it is in a very convenient location for traveling from the airport and getting around the city. The Air France bus shuttle from the airport stops right across the street and the Metro entrance is also within a block. We often took the Metro to our destination (Louve, D鈥橭rsay, Latin Quarter etc.) and enjoyed the walk back to the Splendid Etoile taking different routes each day. Our room, number 503, had a nice view of the Arc and a pleasant balcony to enjoy the signs and sound of Paris. The room was a reasonable size and clean. The housekeeping staff is very good and on numerous occasions returned while we were out for dinner to tidy up the room. The concierge staff was fluent in English and provided friendly and helpful guidance. There is a nice convenience store just a block away which was great for morning fruit and yogurt. Unfortunately for us the bakery located at the end of Carnot Ave was open for only one day and then closed for vacation for the balance of our stay. It is a superb option for breakfast coffee, bread and pastries. We tried several of the restaurants within a short distance from the hotel and found L鈥橝rc, Lateral and Grande Armee to be decent. However, because you are so close to the Arc and Champs Elysee the local restaurant tend to be a little bit touristy. We would certainly return to the Splendid Etoile should our travels take us back to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jassmine_b
<Content>Thank you so much fellow reviewers We chose to stay at Splendid Etoile based on the reviews on tripadvisor. We were not disappointed. The concierge and the entire staff were friendly (spoke excellent English with a smile). We asked for recommendations on restaurants and cafes and we got a hand drawn map and explicit directions.Our hotel room was very cute and charming. Didn't get a view of the Arc, but that was okay. The hotel isn't far from lounges and cafes so we had places to hang out after a long day of sightseeing.I would recommend staying here and would go back again. We were sad to leave.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tracey_jones
<Content>Very Romantic Location Visited last weekend for our 10th Wedding Anniversary - had the Apartment suite which was beautiful. Could not fault the service given by all staff but mostly Farooq. The local is perfect and the view was amazing. Thank you  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdVancouver
<Content>Great service, great location       The famous Farouq, concierge extraordinaire (hope I spelled his name correctly)  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Creative_7
<Content>Good Experience And A Good Employee I had a very good experience in Paris by staying at this hotel. The hotel is very close to the Arc de Triomph (about 200 meters). I took a superior room; it has a small balcony with a lovely view to the Arc de Triomph (especially at night). The hotel was comfortable and clean, and the employees were friendly specially (Mr. Farouck), who helped us with arranging our tours and gave us suggestions and advices. Also, he helped us to solve a problem. The only negative in the hotel was the restaurant where you have your breakfast; it was too small, but the good thing that you can take your breakfast at your room. In general, I advice you to stay there and enjoy your time in Paris.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SEFLMom
<Content>Location, Location, Location! My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Splendid Etolie. We arrived at the hotel around 9:30am and was surprised to find our room ready. They gave us a room on the 3rd floor, after riding up the smallest of small elevators we found clean, simple room with high ceilings. Like most small Europe hotels the bed is 2 twins pushed together. The decor of the room wasn't the most exciting, but the room was large, and had the best view I have seen in a long time. A small balcolny looked over the main street and to the right we had a fantastic view of the Arc de Triumphe. We got free breakfest with our room and thought it was great. I don't know if I would pay 22 euros for it, but with it included in our room rate we took full advantage of it. Thanks too all who have reviewed this hotel, I took alot of your advice and got the room upgrade and learned about the Air France bus being right across the street. The staff was pleasant and welcoming. This was the perfect hotel for our short trip.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marc777
<Content>A wonderful place to stay in Paris Relying on the excellent reviews from Tripadvisor, I booked this hotel for a special wedding anniversary. And I am delighted to say that it was everything that I hoped for, and more.When we arrived the concierge Farouq took us to room 507, which is on the corner of the building and has a large balcony on 2 aspects. The main view is of the Arc De Triomphe, and step out onto the balcony and you also see the Eiffel Tower, and around the corner the rest of Paris. Stunning, at any time of day or night. My wife was speechless :)The decoration in the room was faultless.The bathroom with its own door to the balcony and facing the Arc !Breakfast in the room at no supplement. Free Internet access 10mbs in the lobby.A wonderful place and we shall definately return because apart from staying at George V, I cannot imagine, or want to risk, staying at a better value hotel in Paris.Thank you to all the staff who made us very welcome.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pingpong888888
<Content>Excellent service but beware of 1st floor The website through which I booked the hotel could only give me standard room so I had to try my luck when I arrived to see if there was a superior room. On the first stay (I had to check out the next day for meetings outside of Paris, and then checked in again 2 days later) I got a superior room. Everything was ok but I cannot say the room was new. As a matter of fact I do think the room itself needs renovation. Before I checked out, I asked to keep a superior room for my return. I was told they would try, if no superior room they would give me a junior suite at the same price. I gladly said thank you thinking about the photo I saw from the candid travelers' photos...only to be disappointed later.When I returned (late in the evening), the only room available was junior suite on the first floor...I went in gladly, only to find out it's a standard room (with no TV), attached with a small room that looked nowhere like the candid traveler's photo of junior suite, that had no door in between, that had a make-shift kind of sofa bed with the TV and the bathroom. Wait...the most terrible thing I found was...there was no aircon but a big monster cooling machine about the size of a mid-sized fridge, which ridiculously split hot air out from the back of the machine back to inside the room!!! I could not open the window as it's on first floor hence too noisy. Apparently they told me all the rooms on 1st floor were all equipped with such monster only. I asked to change to a standard room but they said they did not have other room anymore. So they left a note for the front desk to arrange another room the next day if available.I was so upset...fortunately when I returned the next evening they gave me the magic room X07!!! That solved all the problems.I must say all the staff had very good attitude. The only problem I had was when I asked for a 10% hotel discount card for Lafayett the staff that had all the cards had disappeared for a coffee!!!. After waiting and the hotel paging without any sight of him, I had to leave for the shopping without that card (so I could not get discount on skincare items which were not on sale at that time)...The excellent location made up for the unpleasant experience. However, I will probably not stay here again. For that price I would try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Atldobbins
<Content>Wonderful Experience My wife and I just returned from our first trip to Paris and everything was perfect, starting with this wonderful hotel. The staff and the room, we had seven days in one of the apartments and it was better than we had anticipated. Bathrooms were big, sitting room had spectacular views, and service was impeccable. We already have good friends booking rooms here for their first trip in September. We took the advice of others and ate breakfast on the street and that was great advice. Directly north of the hotel, opposite direction of the Arch and at the end of the street, is a wonderful pastry shop and a must. The district for the hotel is very French and we found the locals to be very friendly and courteous. Also, various wine vendors at the end of the street and great wine for the room can be purchased at very low prices; however, wine is about the only thing that is inexpensive, but it is worth it. We experienced none of the parisian attitude stories that had been told to us by others. Also, take the Air France bus from the airport as it stops directly at the base of the hotel. We took a taxi, lost the address and spent an hour looking like lost tourists: bus is a better option. Can鈥檛 wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ohmaid54
<Content>Spot On       You can  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sophia_houston
<Content>Loved Every Bit! As a French Native, I always look for the best places to stay while I'm in Paris. And eveytime I go to Paris, which is quite a few times, I choose Splendid Etoile Hotel. It's very modern, and the price is agreeable. The hotel is located right next to the Arc de Triomph. Which makes any view from your hotel room, a very nice one.The front desk is very quick in service. They check you in, and get all the information they need, very quickly. Which is good, when you come from a 9 hour flight. Last thing I want to do is take a long time to just check-in. The people who work at the check-in are very welcoming and helpful.The lobby is not to large, but very elegant, and a homey feeling. You can either take the stairs or elevator to get to your room. A word of advice, the elevators aren't to large, actully quite small.The rooms are just magnicent. Very elegant, and modern, like the hotel itself. There small rooms, like any french hotel.My overall experince is great.I always and will continue to use this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andrew_M_7
<Content>An impressive hotel, highly recommended After reading the reviews, booked a three night stay. I had high expectations and the hotel did not disappoint. The legend that is the head of concierge, Farooq, was very helpful as were the rest of the staff. To give an example I had booked a trip on-line a few days before heading out to Paris and was having problems getting the voucher sent through to my hotmail. On arriving in Paris, which was the day of the dinner cruise that I had booked, I had still not recieved the necessary voucher. Farooq contacted the agency on my behalf, phoning the cell number left on their voice-mail and demandedthat they e-mail my voucher to the hotel which was with me 15 minuteslater, I only wished I had booked the trip through the hotel in the first place.The hotel is allegedly three star, but this can only be because they do not have a fantastic marble reception area!?(still perfectly clean and presentable), as everything else was first class. I had booked a relatively cheap deal through Expedia and was a little concerned that our room may be quite small, despite this we were upgraded to a superior room becuase the hotel was not quite full. The room was modern and large, spotlessly clean with a double balconyand view over the Arc.The hotel itself is in an excellent location with the Arc/Champs Elysees literally a stones throw away. It is also very convenient for the Metro (3 lines) and RER (1 line) - Charles de Gualle Etoile exit 5 - so you can get back from places like the Eiffel Tower/Moulin Rouge late at night (tip, although not advertised there is a late train on line 2 after the Moulin Rouge has finished so you can stay until the end). If you are doing a bit of travelling on the Metro/RER, I would recommend that you get a carnet (10) of tickets, as this saves you a bit of time and money.The breakfast was pretty good, however there are cafes nearby and a mini supermaket a little further down Avenue carnot where you can pick up water and snacks.All in all I would highly recommend the hotel for your stay.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>dizzy007
<Content>splendid My husband and I stayed at this wonderful hotel for our 10th Wedding Anniversary and it was a truely pleasant stay,it was our first trip to Paris but certainly not our last.The hotel is in a superb location,and the view onto the Arc de Triomphe is magic.The rooms are quite large for Paris I'm told,the recption staff were helpful and friendly especially the Concierge.The metro is directly across the street from the hotel,which is how we arrived but when we were returning home we took the Air France bus to the airport ,it can be found a little way from the hotel on the other side of the street ask at the reception of the hotel and they will tell you where to catch it,its free for Air France passengers but there is a small charge for any other airline passenger.All in all I would say a 10 out of 10.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>beentoeurope
<Content>A good choice Date: July 01,2007Reviewer: Been to Europe,California, USA.We just returned from Paris and Splendid Etoile was a greatchoice. The room was large and comfortable, bathroom goodsize. Our room had two windows that overlooked a Parisstreet and the Arc de Triomphe. The hotel location wasnear the airport bus stop, taxis and metro lines which made getting around the city easy. Best of all we were near the Champs Elysees and the beautiful surrounding streets.This was a great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasEXtraveler
<Content>Had a wonderful experience at the Etolie       Balcony view toward Arc de Triomphe  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frequently_away
<Content>A great start to our stay in France We were very pleased with our experience at the hotel. We stayed for three nights at the start of our vacation. What made the experience so good was the friendly and helpful front desk staff. They went out of their way to help with our mobile phone and with restaurant recommendations. The room was clean and well-decorated. Had a safe and internet access. The area was good with a selection of restaurants and bakeries. Many English speaking guests at the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>BeccaBill
<Content>A lovely place to stay We stayed at this great hotel for four nights. We arrived at the hotel late (about 11.30pm) and we were greeted by the friendly staff. We had a superior room on the 2nd floor overlooking the road, but had two french doors (double glazed for complete soundproofing) that opened onto a balcony with amazing views of the Arc de Triomphe. The main bedroom was large, light, clean with high ceilings. There was also air conditioning which we didn't really need to use. The metro (Charles-de-Gaulle Etoile, exit 5) is right outside the hotel with a lift for your suitcases.All in all a great place to stay, I would recommend this hotel to my friends.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvs2run27
<Content>My first hotel stay in Paris Just returned from a 3 night stay. I have not stayed anywhere else in Paris so I don't have a great reference point. In America, I've stayed everywhere from a Motel 6 to the Four Seasons, so I have a broader base of reference.The pluses:Location, wonderful! We had a corner room overlooking the Arc and it was pretty much the one pictured on their website under the category Superior. Our room didn't have a flat screen TV though. Very convienent to things. Comfortable, clean room, friendly staff, nice bathrobes. The minuses:Only have a couple and again, probably because I have nothing to compare it to. The toilet paper was so stiff. This may just be Paris. I have no idea. The bath towels were of the quality found in a Best Western. Pretty thin. There was no coffee maker, ironing board, etc. in the room. Would have been nice, but may not be standard over there. We did not have breakfast or go to the restaurant. 22 Euros for breakfast was ridiculous to me and their dinner menu seemed limited. We had absolutely no trouble finding patissries (spelling?) and an abundance of cafes nearby.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tunis_Boston
<Content>LOVED this hotel!!!! My sister, mom,  I stayed at the Splendid Etoile in May 2007. We absolutely ADORE this hotel and would definitely stay there again! The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.Chief Concierge Farooq granted us an Arc du Triomphe-facing room with balcony upon our request. The view was amazing! He was also incredibly helpful and patient in making reservations for us to restaurants and shows. Also, all of the staff was very helpful with giving us directions to points of interest, either by metro, car, or on foot. All of the staff is incredibly helpful and kind.The rooms were also fantastic. Our triple was huge by european standards, with incredibly high ceilings, beautiful french doors leading out to balcony, and a huge marble bathroom!The location of the hotel was spectacular! Ideally located at the Arc, and a few steps to the train station for both the metro and RER. There are literally dozens of fantastic cafes  restaurants within walking distance. The neighborhood is upscale and very sophisticated without being pretentious. And its a 5 minute walk to the Champs Ellyses.Overall, an amazing experience and we will without question stay there again on our next trip to Paris!!!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gwynz
<Content>Very lovely hotel Had a lovely time after deciding upon this hotel for our honeymoon. The staff were lovely, they upgraded our room to overlook the Arc because I emailed them in my poor French. Metro station to the Central Line wonderfully close, beautiful views.It was noisy though in the mornings with a lot of doors banging shut and cleaning going on, but hey we didn't care - we were on honeymoon!Just one thing - if you have long hair like me you might want to bring a hairdryer as the one in our bathroom was very weak and the handle heated up after using it a while.All in all we will be back there.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wilson17
<Content>Excellent hotel Probably the best hotel I've found in Paris. Great location, uniformly nice and helpful staff, nice decent sized room where everything worked well (great flat screen TV, powerful adjustable AC, good internet connection, clean ....(although no view at all from x01 numbered rooms). Not perfect: mattress on bed was really too soft and breakfast could be better for the price.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luvtotravel49
<Content>loved splendid!       gardens below Eiffel tower  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tervs
<Content>What a view + great location + helpful staff = a happy guest       one last night view  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jcatral14
<Content>A gem of a hotel       Heavy duty key chain :O  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gaudifan
<Content>Great hotel, fab location I just got back from a 4 night stay with a friend at the Splendid and it was just that, Splendid! The room was very large (which was a good thing--we had many shopping bags taking up space) and the bathroom sparkling, updated and also quite big. The ceiling was high with great detail, and we had floor to ceiling windows--fabulous!The location is also terrific. The cab stand (with bench) is steps away. A block down are terrific restaurants and an incredible pastry shop. Two blocks away we found--what else ?--great shopping. The area has a very residential feel which is a huge plus as well--relatively quiet at night. The hotel staff met all of our requests with a smile and helped with our various dinner reservations. They handled what could have been a difficult situation--an area wide gas ( and hot water )outage with a sense of humor and frequent updates.Hint--We booked through the hotel web site--I always do this now, as I feel you get a better room. It is probably a few extra dollars, but after a few bad experiences I truly feel this is the way to go.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beeMarshfield
<Content>Best hotel and vacation experience! My husband and I just returned from Paris and absolutely loved our hotel...we had a corner room( superier room) found it to be clean, well decorated, updated, good sized with three balconies...and a viewof the Arch de Triomphe...it was heaven...the bathroom was very good sized, all marble with all the amenities...the staff was excellent!We followed all their recommendations for dinners and had them make reservations, some of the best dinners we have ever had...All in all,it was terrific..I would hightly recommend this hotel, it was worth the 245 euro we spent per night... and would definatley go back there...and the convenience of the RER, and metro and the Air France bus to the airport...couldn't be better!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smavis
<Content>Wonderful Experience A wonderful experience...My husband and I just spent 7 memorable days celebrating our wedding anniversary at theSplendid Etoille Champs Elysees. Farouk(Head Congierge) couldn't have been more helpful and hospitable. He helped us to arrange fabulous excursions to Chevery and the Loire Valley.Paul and Wafa were extremely helpful in recommending great restaurants and ensuring our comfort and satisfaction. Our room 403 was very spacious with comfortable beds.We are already recommedning this hotel to family and friends.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spoonius
<Content>Miniscule rooms - very disappointed Great location couldn't be better. Rooms were miniscule - you could hardly swing a cat. Expensive for what you get. Breakfast very average. Green scrambled eggs, cheap smoked salmon, no condiments on the table,noisy service with servers banging around when re-setting the tables. Staff quite friendly considering it was Paris..The friendliest was an Indian guy!It was clean and as I say you couldn't beat the location. BUT definitley not a 4 star; I would say closer to a 2 star. Was quite disappointed actually,mosty because of the size of the room and the bed.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>tomariemd
<Content>It's True!!! It's true! We booked this hotel b/c of the amazing reviews and it was exactly what we expected and fabulous. We stayed for 4 nights and the room (507) was the best! The view was amazing, the size of the bathroom for Paris was big, the staff was very helpful and spoke good english. It was clean and soooo convienient to everything. The metro was right out the door and the bus to the airport was also across the street. I would stay there again. BOOK FAST because believe me they sell out fast!!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UkKenttraveller
<Content>4 star status unjustified - very overpriced, tired and dated We were very disappointed with our room which was vastly overpriced at 270 Euros. It was clean, but tiny, dark , tired and looked onto a very unappealing courtyard. Whilst the range of foods available for break fast was good, it was served in a very cramped, claustrophobic room with no windows. Priced at 22 Euros breakfast was, again, hugely overpriced. Whilst the hotel is undoubtedly well sited for exploring key sites and the staff were reasonably friendly, we failed to see how the 4 star hotel rating is justified and would put this hotel as no more than two star standard.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Adam from Virginia
<Content>Great Hotel in a Convenient Location We stayed at this hotel from May 2 - 8, 2007. We enjoyed our stay very much. We booked a superior room through Travelocity (with an airfare package) for about 175 Euros (225 dollars) per night. For a 5th floor balcony room (503) with a full view of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris right next to a Metro stop and an Air France express bus, it is a steal! Our room was OK size for Europe, with two twin beds pushed together. (Hard foam mattresses that we liked, although the linens were very cheap feeling/scratchy -- definitely not the Westin Heavenly Bed!) Very nice marble bathroom with a tub/shower with very powerful water pressure. To get a good feel for the superior rooms in comparison to the regular rooms, go to the hotel's website -- they show them both. A great thing about this hotel is that the front desk staff and the concierge speak English. Before we left for Paris, we heard that everyone speaks English. We can tell you that this is nonsense. Everybody speaks English there like everybody speaks French in the United States. So having hotel staff that can get you pointed in the right direction when you arrive was very helpful. So the rooms are nice; the front desk staff are great; the lobby is cute (although smoking is allowed there); the maid service was exceptional; and it has an in-house restaurant for breakfast and dinner (it seemed vacant most of the time). We cannot comment on the food because we didn't eat there. However, we can tell you that the breakfast is 22 Euros (which based on the current exchange rate is about 29 dollars). Who needs a $29 breakfast? We ate the best baguettes/coissants we have ever had and a cup of coffee for breakfast like the locals for about 2 Euros. This leads us to tell you about the hotel's location. It is about perfect. It is surrounded by a hundred nearby restaurants of every type and plenty of convenience stores for snacks, beverages, toiletries, etc. Also, we found the French people to be courteous, friendly, helpful -- simply wonderful. Everywhere we went there were proud Parisians anxious to share their beautiful city. We felt honored to be among them all. One sidebar on the hotel reservation process to tell you about: We paid for a superior room and confirmed a high floor with a view of the Arc de Triomphe by email and by telephone. But when we arrived, they assigned us to a 1st floor room with a view of nothing. If you pay for the superior room upgrade, stand your ground like we did and we think you will find the staff willing to accomodate you appropriately -- they accomodated our request with little fuss. All in all, it is a very nice little city hotel in a great, safe, residential and commercial neighborhood near one of the city's greatest monuments. We highly recommend it and would stay there again (although maybe not at the current Superior room rack rate of 300 Euros!)  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jayde88
<Content>Hotel Splendid Etoile very convenient       Superior Room  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>bbotch
<Content>This is the only place I will stay in Paris               
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JChua
<Content>Nice rooms/views but hotel lacked atmosphere. My mum and I spent two nights, 28-30 April at this wonderful Hotel. Chose this Hotel based mainly on Tripadvisor's high ratings. We knew we were going to arrive at close to midnight from Venice, by Air France coach, hence the obvious choice was to choose this Hotel since we simply cross the road and the Hotel is located right at the corner of Ave Carnot. We were rather happy with our request for a corner room, which offers us 3 balconies with superb views of the Arc de Triomphe. Room was large even by European standards, bed was really really comfortable and the bathroom was simply long and huge! The view at night of the Arc was especially memorable .....Location wise, it is very close to the Metro/RER and shopping in Champs Elysees. Even the Lido Cabaret show was very nearby. However, beware of the underground tunnel closing after 10pm or 11pm. When we were walking back to the Hotel after the Lido show, at around 11.15pm. We had to back tracked and walk above grounds instead. I was a little annoyed cos I emailed the Hotel before my trip and was told to walk back to the Hotel via the underground tunnel? As for breakfasts, managed to catch a glimpse of what's on offer - in my honest opinion, doesn't seem to be worth 22 euros. Right across the Street, you can find nice Cafes which offer breakfast sets at 7.50 or 8.50 euros per person. Finally, I did not grant this wonderful Hotel a full 5 stars rating cos of the lack of atmosphere in the common areas. I thought they should invest some money in decorating the reception and common areas so as to create a cosy/romantic Parisian ambience, which is why millions are visiting Paris each year. After two nights here, we stayed another two nights at the Paris Le-Grand near the Paris Opera, which is by far the most beautiful Parisian hotel I had stayed at (see my review under Paris Le-Grand).  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>smcracing
<Content>A FANTASTIC HOTEL               
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Clare_Charnley
<Content>Can't wait to return I found this hotel on tripadvisor.com and booked a superior suite on the hotel's Web site. This trip was a first-time stay in Paris for both my husband and me, and I felt a bit risky doing it all online. However, not only were we awarded the most amazing view I've ever had from a hotel room (the same one w/the view of the Arc on all of their collateral), but we left absolutely singing the praises of the entire staff of the hotel. The pictures we took from one of our threebalconies are the first pictures I show anybody who asks about our trip to Paris. The staff was extremely friendly, courteous, and patient. The location is great and very central. There is a metro stop right across the street as well. The rooms are fine space-wise, especially for Eurpean standards. The bathroom was large and had it's own balcony. And, of course, the room was very clean. My husband and I are in our early thirties, and enjoy good food and wine, both of which were easy to access from the hotel. Not only can I not wait to return to this gem of a hotel, but I am recommending it to anybody who visits Paris.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>friessmp
<Content>Wonderful Place to Stay and Visit The hotel and staff at this hotel is without a doubt a winner. Nothing was too difficult or trouble for anyone to help or assist. Spoke excellent English. The room was comfortable and clean. Farooq, the head conceirge was fantastic. I believe my wife said it all in a simple statement. When you think something is going to be fantastic and it's many times better than that, what can you say. My compliments to a wonderful city, hotel and people. You have created many years of wonderful memories.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>amorphous
<Content>All One Could Ask For Having never been to Paris, and having heard many more horror storiesthan positive experiences, I was terrified about selecting a hotel. The Splendid Etoile exceeded every expectation I had. Staff was friendly, courteous, knowledgable, and very helpful. They were excellent English speakers, and put up with our poor attempts at speaking French. The Air France airport bus stops, literally, across the street. Stations for both Metro and RER are right outside the front door. Beyond all that, the view out our window was of the Arc de Tiomphe. Lots of great restaurants and small markets are within just a couple of blocks. All of this combined to make the stay a spectacular one. I was traveling with a spouse, a sister-in-law, and a 16-year-old daughter, and had absolutely no concerns about safety or security inside or outside the hotel. Most interesting, although not most relevant, was that the shower was far better than just aboutany I have experienced in hotels in the US or other European destinations. Plenty of room, good water flow. Beds were comfortable, windows opened, room was as large as it needed to be. I simply couldn't ask for more.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Almostpensioners
<Content>Very helpful Chef Concierge Great hotel, well appointed for Champs Elysee and Arc de Triomphe. Rooms large, airy and clean with excellent soundproofing. Would go again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KKHarris
<Content>Fabulous hotel My wife and I stayed at the Splendid Etoile last week to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. We chose it because of the excellent reviews on this website. We contacted the hotel direct and requested a superior room with a view of the Arc de Triomphe. The room was lovely and spacious by Parisian standards and WOW....what a view!! We had an uninterrupted view of the Arc and could also see the top half of the Eiffel Tower as it twinkled at night. Very romantic sitting on the balcony, sipping bubbly, looking at these wonderful landmarks.Farooq gets a lot of good press on previous reviews, and rightly so. He makes you feel very welcome. However, without exception, all staff were very courteous, friendly and helpful.The location is fantastic with easy transport access from the airport and a metro station right outside.There's also a fabulous little boulangerie/pattiserie at the bottom of the street with cakes and pastries to die for!.This hotel has everything you could want for a short break in Paris. Without a doubt, when we go back, we'll stay at the Splendid Etoile.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>benjamin_GF
<Content>Excellent! Great hotel. recommended for couples. Everything was perfect, the rooms are small but very charming. Perfect for a romantic getaway. Pay the extra for a room with a view, its worth it. Great location aswell.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mamasad
<Content>Splendid Etoile Hotel lives up to its name! We have just returned back from 4 days in Paris, with myself and two children. This hotel totally lives up to its name. Well located by the Arc de Triomphe with a number of rooms that have an excellent view of the Arc. We travelled by metro to the hotel from the Gard du Nord (did Eurostar from London) and the hotel is located immediately in front of an elevator so easy access with luggage on wheels and easy access to the rest of Paris. We stayed in a triple room which was perfect. Our room was large with a seperate area to store our suitcases and plenty of space for clothing. The bathroom was 'awesome' (in the words of my 12 year old daugher!). With very powerful shower and very clean. It faced the front of the hotel on the 6th floor and I was amazed how quiet it was, even though it is on a relatively busy road. My friend also had a triple room at the back of the hotel. This room was even bigger and the bathroom configuration was a little different and equally as good. Cleanliness is a common theme throughout this hotel and the maid service is very impressive and should be commended.You will notice other comments about Farooq, the head of the concierge. This gentleman certainly contributed to the success of our stay. Giving us pertinent information that helped us save money and guided us to the best places to eat and see. The other staff were also incredibly helpful. No question or request appeared too much and we were always greeted with a smile.I have to admit we were nervous about using this hotel given we booked it totally based on tripadvisor.com's recommendation. But we needn't have been worried, we will return for sure.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tandmatlanta
<Content>Superior Hotel Anyone visiting Paris should stay in this hotel, the location is perfect, the hotel is immaculate and charming and we cannot say enough about the service. Farooq and the entire staff were welcoming,helpful, and very generous. If you want an amazing Paris experience, stay here!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stephaneb
<Content>Great Hotel The Splendid Hotel is 10 minutes away from the Champs-Elys茅es and is closed to the Avenue des Ternes which is apparently one of Paris's famous merchant avenues. The room was beautiful and we had a good enough view on the Arch of Triumph (by night it is magical).Besides, after days of research, the best price I had found for this hotel was on a local website which is called 123france [-]. The basic price was 200 Euros, which is 30% less than what the other websites offer for the splendid.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ModernTraveler
<Content>Great Hotel For The Price! The hotel and the staff were everything that I had hoped for. Welcoming english speaking staff ready to help with anything. Rooms were great and found a good price on travelocity.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>willrich
<Content>Lived up to expectations Researched this hotel through trip advisor and pleased that it lived up to high expectations. Best deal available was via U.S. Otel site rather than a UK agent.If flying into CDG airport don,t bother with a private transfer from airport. There is a bus service that stops right outside the Hotel.Would have been quicker and cheaper than the private 'airport connection' shuttle we used.Be prepared to queue for a long time to get into any of the main tourist attractions!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>from_Essex
<Content>Fantastic hotel We booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this website and were not disappointed.We had a fantastic short break in Paris with our son (who is 12).He was delighted to have his own room (as part of a suite).The hotel is ideally situated for seeing Paris and also right on the RER line A for a day trip to Disneyland.The room was immaculate and the service welcoming and personal. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mbiz
<Content>A Find! Right near the Arc de Triomphe, blocks away from the Champs, with the CDG bus stop right in front. A good 4-star, with rooms ranging from smaller to very nice (with some having a view of both the Arc and the Eifel Tower!). Front desk is helpful. Newspapers, Internet and a solid breakfast (although Euro 19 if purchased on site is quite expensive) are included. Bathrooms comfortable. The rates go up quickly, but deals can sometimes be found on the Internet. Recommended for both personal and business stay.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	4	

<Author>mscSingapore
<Content>Farooq makes the difference Splendid location! Metro station is just in front of the hotel and this made the travel in Paris so much easier. The concienge Farooq offered excellent service. He had all the answers of your questions. We will definitely stay in this hotel again because of Farooq's service.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>knocktophernights
<Content>Loved the Romantic Atmosphere. Would recommend this hotel, my husband and I spent our 35th anniversary at this Hotel last April, the staff were excellent .The only dissapointment was the Breakfast very limited, but everything else was excellent , on booking I requested a room with a view of The Arc deTriumphe which we got and what a view !  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patdad
<Content>Great place We stayed at the Splendid Etoile for our friend's 50th birthday celebrations on 11th March. I chose it based on the reviews here and I can assure you that you can believe all the positive comments you read about it. We booked direct and paid 250 euros a room. They are traditionally furnished and well appointed, but to be honest, we hardly spent any time in them, so good was the weather. Room 307 has a perfect view of the Arc de Triomphe; it was a delight to see our friend's face when she saw it! Farooq was charming and very efficient and, yes, he did walk us round the corner to a brasserie he recommended. Use the Air France bus for CDG- at 20 euros return it can't be bettered for price and convenience. Didn't eat breakfast in the hotel - too many cafes around such as the Beer Station where we could sit outside in gloriously sunny weather. We ate well for a very reasonable price at L'amazonial restaurant near Chatelet metro and had a fabulous night out at the Moulin Rouge -it's not cheap, but it's a knockout show you really shouldn't miss. Farooq will book it for you, but as someone else pointed out, he does charge a fee, which wasn't made clear at the time. I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Datedog
<Content>Fantastic Paris Hotel After much research on this site and others I booked the Hotel Splendid Etoile and it turned out to be a perfect place for our anniversary trip. The location is just amazing. We had a room on the fifth floor (#508) that had not one, but two balconies that overlooked a charming Paris street and had direct views of the Arc de Triomphe and the top half of the Eiffel Tower. To stand out there at night and see the lights while the city rushes by below was just an amazing experience. The service was fantastic. The concerierge, Farooq, was excellent and very knowledgeable about restuarants, transportation and tickets. The hotel was immaculately clean and our room was serviced by the maid twice a day. The bed was comfortable (this room also had a second couch that transistioned into a twin bed in the second sitting room which we didn't need but would be nice for a family). The bathroom was very clean and the water pressure was great. It had a European shower head that could be used in the tub or put on the wall mount that adjusted for your height. The windows were french style doors that were double sets- you actually had to open both sets to get out on the balcony. This design blocks the street noise when the windows are shut. The location just can not be beat. There are restuarants and shopping all around and the metro stop is literally right out the front door (there is an eleveator at street level that takes you directly down to the Charles DeGalle Etoile stop that is a major hub for many metro lines). We could also walk in the under Arc tunnel and be on the Champs Elysees in minutes. Another major bonus was having the Air France bus stop just across the street. (Farooq sold us tickets and we walked out and caught the bus in 10 minutes.) We booked the hotel through Travelocity and got a great deal (which was about $30 less per night than their website or any other site). Overall we were extremely happy with the choice and we would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TammyTwinkle
<Content>Splendid what a view We just got back yesterday from staying at this hotel. We must say the room was very nice, big bathroom, very clean and the view was out of this world of the arc de triumpe!!!! Breakfast was lovely and the staff really went out of their way to help you!!! Location was great for walking and the metro!! Everyone is correct the hotel is spendid!!! Thank you to all the staff for making our stay so special and would definately use the hotel again!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hnewburn
<Content>Not a better choice in Paris After a semi-disastrous stay out in La Defense, my wife and I moved to the Splendid Etoile based on reviews here. We couldn't have made a better choice.A couple of things to be aware of... Like most European rooms, the bed is two twins pushed together and they are a bit low, but not uncomfortable. The pillows were a bit flat, so we got a couple of more, and the AC doesn't work, but they brought us a fan.Having said that, we were in room 505, the top floor that has balconies (there is a 6th floor). Our balcony gave us a wonderful view and the white noise of the traffic and night breezes made for great sleeping. (closing the two double-doors eliminated all but the loudest noises)You can step out the front door to an elevator to the metro/RER station (Charles de Gaulle Etoile). An RER train and two metro lines go through here, making it extremely convenient.Less than 50 meters away is a convenience store to get water, sodas, fruit or snacks that made it highly convenient.The service is just superb. The staff is incredibly gracious and accommodating. When we asked about the AC, they explained it didn't work and there was a fan in our room when we came back. The concierge, bellman and desk people are all wonderful.The room itself is spacious, a nice size bathroom, a tub/shower with an adjustable spray head that can be hand held, incredible water pressure and scalding heat if needed. The closet is spacious and there's plenty of room for your luggage. A flat screen TV with three news channels in English, they don't have in-room movies, but we didn't miss them.There is in-room wired internet for 14 euros / day. There's also an Orange France hot-spot with a 98% signal that you can use with subscriber plans like T-Mobile.For price, location and convenience I just can't see how it can get better than this.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>DevaEboracum
<Content>A Great Hotel With Great Service Everything written here in previous reviews about how good this hotel is are totally accurate.The hotel is in a perfect location - 1 minute from the Arc D'triumph. In fact, from our room (406) you could open the window, walk onto the balcony, and there it was to the right. In addition there were plenty of bars and restaurants and cafe's within just a few minutes walk.Access to the RER rail system was just outside the front door, whilst the nearest Metro station was only five mins away.Check in and check out were quick, efficient and friendly and the reception staff were all extremely friendly and more than willing to speak (very good) English.The room was a good size, well decorated, comfortable and clean - as was the bathroom.No doubt the hotel is great - but there was one minor irritation which is why I've not given it a 5 rating (I've probably been a bit tight with my scoring, but 5 should be perfection). The cleaner has a store cupboard next to the bathroom of our room (406). The cleaners started banging around in the cupboard at about 8.00am and because it was right next to a hollow, fully tiled bathroom, the sound was quite loud. So my only quibble is - if you want to have an undisturbed late lie in bed, room 406 is not the room to have.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mbm27
<Content>Fantastic! My fiancee and I stayed here for 3 nights earlier this month, and it was everything and more than I could have hoped for! The room (407) looked directly onto the Arc de Triomphe, the decor was perfect for the building, spotless, comfortable and the bathroom the same. All staff we met were more than helpful, and answered our countless questions, even walking us to the door to show us which way to go on several occasions. Stupidly I forgot an adaptor which they gratefully leant me. The RER and metro stop is literally outside your door - which connects you everywhere! If coming from Charles de Gaulle, definately use the Air France Coach, as a taxi could not drop you closer!!! We eat in the restaurant one night, I was a bit sceptical from previous reviews, but again, we found the food to be some of the nicest we tried. The bar, was very quiet, but nice to sit for a drink before or after a meal. Again, I would like to say how great the staff were, I can't emphasise how much we enjoyed our stay.. I would reccomend this to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MomandParis
<Content>Time to remeber       Dream come true  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alex&DD
<Content>Magnificent! Geat location and service!! We are so thankful for the Trip Advisors service that led us to this wondeful hotel. The staff was exquisitely polite, friendly and informative. The concierge Farouk single-handedly was responsible for making our stay in Paris an absolute delight. He personally escorted us to two wonderful neighborhood restaurants (one for lunch and one for dinner). Our room had magnificent views. From one window we were on top of the Arch de Triomphe and the other displayed the magical twinkling color spectacle of the Eiffle Tower! No breafkfast included but plenty of reasonable nearby breakfast bistros. Just ask Farouk he won't steer you wrong. Also check out the nightclub Club E'toile down the street - people were lined up outside for four blocks on Halloween - I would get there by 11 to beat the crowd on the weekend.. We agree with those before us that this is a very good hotel in a great location. Taxis are just outside as well as Public Transportaion and plenty of great places nearby including the Champs d'Elysees!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelWarrior
<Content>Fabulous You can't go far wrong with this hotel. From a warm greeting on arrival, cheerful help and guidance during our stay to a fond farewell, the staff were attentive and friendly. Given it's fabulous position, it's excellent value for money. Yes, expect rooms to be cosy by many country's standards but they are well-equipped, clean and many have great views which allow you to feel like part of Paris life rather than down a back street or in a suburb. Good breakfast, American/British as well as continental and well worth having although if you are on a budget you can do better in the local cafes. Get the Air France bus from the airport and it drops you just across the road. I used this hotel for business a few years ago and it did me just as well.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>VegasRoller
<Content>Convenience for business or pleasure       View from Avenue Carnot  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daltonb
<Content>Certainly Splendid ! We spent New Year's Eve in this wonderful Hotel. We were able to watch the festivities from our room as we sipped champagne and celebrated the beginning of 2007.A marvellous hotel with the chief concierge, Farooq, being incredibly helpful and knowledgable. He is an amazing source of information. Just ask him and he has the answers !!We will return to this wonderful , splendid hotel soon !  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>John.Trip
<Content>Great hotel at this price. Had a 5 day, 4 night stay at the Splendid Etoile Hotel in Paris at the end of November 2006. We selected it based on previous reviews on Tripadvisor and were delighted with our choice for this price range. The location was great for us right by the Arc De鈥橳riomphe, perhaps 1 mile or so from the main centre, a great walk along the Champs Elysee. Our room had a sideway view of the Arc which was 鈥渟plendid鈥? Perhaps a 20-30 minute walk to many of the good tourist sites. Others can easily be reached by the Metro right across the road from the hotel. From the minute we arrived the staff were great, bags taken to the room with a full explanation of where everything was and how it worked. It was a very large room, upgraded due to booking with Tripadvisor, and with a free bottle of Champagne. The Concierge provided us with a tourist map along with that special circling of interesting locations, directions, times etc. The hotel was clean and tidy if some areas looking a little tired, but none the worse for it.A small bar/reception area offered a bar and cocktail service which was adequate. The breakfast was chargeable at about 15 Euros per person, so we didn鈥檛 avail ourselves of that, preferring the local restaurants. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Splendid Etoile and thought it represented great value for the money.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blaxx
<Content>Unforgettablly Splendid indeed       The famous suite 606  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paris-7
<Content>Absolutely Splendidly Beautiful I loved every moment of my stay. It was the best! I am going to love it even more when my wife and I check in once again. Thank for a Absolutely Splendid Stay !  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mitter
<Content>Absolutely LOVED the Hotel Splendid Etoile! We stayed in the Splendid Etoile from 12/6/06 to 12/12/06. It was our 2nd time to Paris and wanted to stay more central vs. the outskirts when we were on a travel tour the 1st time around. We were in a Triple Room (503) which was a lg. King Size and a twin size rolling bed. Very comfortable for our 21 year old daughter. The room was large and faced the street. Two sets of huge glass doors kept out all street noise but we left them open during the day just to listen to Paris! From the balcony, an incredible view of the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees which is basically across the street. The view was especially breathtaking at night. The hotel was quite easy to get to from the airport. The Air France shuttle stop is across the street. No you don't have to fly Air France to purchase a shuttle ticket. The entire hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Farooq in particular was very helpful and kind. Hotel Splendid Etoile was quite different than the hotel we stayed in during the tour. It surpassed our expectations and when we return someday, we will definitely stay here again. The hotel is just like the website. J'aime l'hotel Splendid Etoile!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TimRoyle
<Content>Bon Hotel Hotel was clean with good large rooms and an excellent location for tourism spots. The staff were friendly and helpful and we thoroughly enjoyed our 2 nights there. Having said that we spent very little time in the hotel apart from sleeping and showering.Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, Arc de Triumph, Louvre are all walkable but for the lazier amongst you the RER/metro is right outside the hotel and is dead easy to use.Cheers  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>410mimi
<Content>Hard to beat ! My daughter and I enjoyed a perfectly delightful 4 night stay at this gem of a hotel as we celebrated her big 40th birthday in Paris. From my first e-mail to confirm details, nothing I requested was left undone. From the 'rose carrying' driver who waited more than an hour for us at the airport because of our delay to report last luggage, to the holding of choice tickets at both the Moulin Rouge and Le Lido so we could decide and the personal handling of our luggage by the chief concierge, Farouq, both at our arrival and departure..........It would be difficult to cite ways in which we could have been more courteously and efficiently served.Our room was delightful and had a most breathtaking view of the Arc de Triomphe from our balcony. The convenience of small cafes, the metro that rapidly took us everywhere with no problem, to the ease of walking and shopping allowed us a luxurious, relaxed experience we won't soon forget.We discovered a fabulous Parisian restaurant quite by accident on a walk several blocks from the hotel. The Congres Maillot on Av. de la Grande Arm'ee was the perfect place to celebrate a birthday. A seafood lover's paradise, they featured enormous iced platters of the freshest seafood. Our waiter was most attentive and diners on both sides of our table serenaded us with Happy Birthday' in both French and English. That, along with dinner at the Cafe de la Paix and Chez Cle'ment, rounded out our wonderful dining experience.We would gladly stay at this fine hotel again and hope that Farouq is still there!Judie Mathis.....Baltimore, MD  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mstge
<Content>Best view in Paris! My friend and daughter stayed at this wonderful hotel over New Year's Eve this year. I can't say enough about the service and location. Faroog, the concierge, was just the best I have ever encountered. He has such a warm and welcoming disposition that you feel right at home. We stayed in room #606 which is a suite that overlooks the Arch de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower. What a magnificient view we had!!! I truly believe that there can not be a better view in the whole city. At night the lights from the Champs de Elysses are magnificient and you can sit and take it all in from your own room!!! In addition, the rooms are very quiet. even with all the noise of New Year's Eve!, Also, the suite was spacious. Far larger than any room I have seen in Europe. Another couple I met said the same for their double room. After traveling and living in Europe and paying incredibly high prices for hotel rooms, I have to say that this hotel is a steal. In the states on New Year's Eve, this room would have been $1000 a night. However, the price of the room did not go up from their normal rates- amazing! Please, don't bother to go anywhere else in Paris. This is the best and I will return soon. Thanks Faroog for all your care and concern!!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KWitt
<Content>Charming Hotel, Pleasant Service, Excellent Location! My husband and I just returned from an incredible trip to Paris. It was our first time visiting the romantic city and we had an unforgettable time. For three nights we stayed in a Superior Room at the Splendid Etoile hotel. We enjoyed everything about it. Our room/bathroom was large and comfortable, the elegant d茅cor was warm and inviting, and the view of the Arc de Triumph from our balcony was amazing! We found the staff and concierge were pleasant and helpful. One morning we asked the concierge for restaurant recommendations for dinner and he happily made us reservations at a wonderful French restaurant down the street called 鈥淟e Petit Colombier.鈥?The fixed price menu had great choices and the overall dining experience was excellent. Another appealing feature of the hotel is the convenient location and access to public transportation. There are many taxi stands, RER and Metro locations surrounding the hotel. (We purchased a 3-day Paris Visite pass which granted unlimited travel in Paris using the RER, Metro, and bus systems. This was a great hassle-free way to travel the city.) Also, the Air France Shuttle (20 Euros/person round trip) is relaxing way to get to and from the airport. The shuttle leaves Charles de Gaulle airport and travels to two locations in downtown Paris. One of the drop off/ pick-up points is right across the street from the Splendid Etoile.We recommend this hotel to others looking for a Parisian hotel with charm and elegance. We would definitely stay at this hotel again on our next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>68Aalum
<Content>Very friendly staff My wife and I recently stayed at this small hotel just on the west side of the Arc de Triomphe. There is an RER entrance in front of the hotel and an entrance to a metro station with two lines just across the street. We had a room that was like a suite in that it had a bedroom and a sitting room with a TV. Our room was on the 4th floor. Both the bedroom and the sitting room had floor to ceiling doors/windows which opened onto small balconies overlooking the street. The bathroom was very clean and spacious. My wife, who is very picky about bathrooms, loved it. The staff, especially the concierge, Farook, was attentive and very friendly. We would return to the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaSoul
<Content>Charming Parisian Hotel               
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bill_E_122
<Content>In my opinion, The Best Hotel in Paris!       View of the Arc from inside the room  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nanajean
<Content>Truly splendid! I stayed at the Splendid Etoile during a glorious-in-every-way, weeklong trip to London and Paris with my 10-year-old grandson. It was the very best place we stayed during the whole time. The room was gorgeous with a little balcony that overlooked the Tour Eiffel. The breakfast was excellent. We had the best of times there, and I will never forget it! I can't wait to go back with my other grandsons when they turn 10.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Woodberry
<Content>What Agreat Hotel       From our Hotel balcony  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LJ35
<Content>Great location My husband  I have just returned from Paris where we spent 3 nights at this lovely hotel. Our room was a junior suite on the 5th floor. It had a good sized bedroom with a nice flat screen tv and a separate sitting area. Doors lead out of both rooms onto the balcony from which you have a good view of the Arc de Triomphe (although it is partly restricted by another building). The main advantage of this hotel is it's location, we were able to walk to most of the major sites. There are also quite a few restaurants and bars in the immediate area. (Lateral restaurant was especially good). We did not dine in the hotel but given the standards of everything else, I imagine the food would be good here. Staff were very helpful and polite. The bar is good for a quiet nightcap. Also worth a mention is the fact that the rooms are so quiet - there was very little noise from other rooms and no noise at all from outside. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ashleyhope83
<Content>The best experience!!! This was a wonderful hotel!! My father-in-law stays here alot on business so when we made our trip this past May, he booked the room for us. It was very spacious and we had a spectacular view of the Arc! The service was great and the hotel staff was very nice and accomodating. It was one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in and would definitely book there again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Helen1912
<Content>Fantastic Location, Great Value I stayed at this hotel with my friend in a twin bed room for 2 nights having researched Paris hotels via Trip Advisor. I chose it because of the great reviews by other visitors and was not disappointed! The location is spot on - right outside Charles de Gaulle Etoile Metro and literally 100 metres from the Arc de Triomphe. The reception staff were so friendly and helpful - always smiling and polite which makes all the difference. Our room was large enough, clean, comfortable and even though we were sideways facing to the L'Arc, we just looked to the right and there it was. Fantastic!! We probably werent supposed to but outside our bathroom window was a ladder leading to the roof so later that evening we went up for a look and had the most spectacular view of Paris... L'Arc, the Eiffel Tower lit up. Oh yes, the bathroom was great - large with a bath and shower.We wanted somewhere within walking distance for our Saturday night out and got some recommendations from the girls in the MAC makeup shop (always a winner). We found such a cool bar down Rue de Berri (on the left as you walk down the Champs Elysee from the hotel). Its called QUEENIE. Very STC, great cocktails. Then we went onto a bar/club called Le Sens. Seriously cool! Lovely decor. Expensive drinks but it was very nice in there! We were there at midnight however and it was pretty empty... apparently it fills up around 2am. So we left and went to another club called Blanche just around the corner. It was packed (younger age group... Im 33, my friend is 20) but really good, everyone dancing and having a good time. We stayed in there until 5am....!Anyway just adding these tips about bars and clubs as I always appreciate recommendations in foreign cities so I know Im gonna have a great night out :-)I thoroughly recommend this hotel. It was really good all round and just opposite is a great cafe/restaurant for breakfast or lunch. We had breakfast there and the waiter gave my friend his number - what more do you want in Paris?!?  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Aldo_Nola
<Content>Lived up to its rave reviews       Night view from Suite 606  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Marais1969
<Content>Great Location, Staff and Room This hotel is located across the street from the AirFrance bus stop so, for 13 Euros, you can have a very easy trip from CDG airport to your hotel. There is a metro stop directly outside the hotel room door and the station is serviced by the 1, 2 and 6 metro lines (along with an RER train, I believe). This makes it convenient to travel to many locations without switching trains (including the Louvre and Place De La Bastille).If you want a drink after a day roaming paris, L'Ecluse wine bar is just down the street. Breakfast may be purchased at one of the many cafe's within 1 block of the hotel, or at the patisserie/boulangerie also located in close proximity to the hotel.Paolo, Farooq and the rest of the staff were outstanding, helpful hosts.I booked a superior room for 10 days. The room and bathroom were clean, bright and comfortable. Cleaning staff was excellent. The hotel was quiet.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>QueenMimi
<Content>Great location in Paris We got off the Air France plane, walked on to the Air France bus that dropped us off across the street from this hotel. You can't get easier than that. We, of course, were early and our room was not ready. Farooq , at the desk,gladly handled our luggage and arranged for it to be held while we went out for our first day in Paris. We walked from the hotel across the street to view the Arc de Triomphe. We were the only ones there, along with 2 security guards. We had some breakfast and made our way up the Champs Elysees, walking all the way to the Louvre.When we got back, we were shown to our room. It was a huge room. We could see the Arc from our balcony but not from inside our room. The bathroom was quite large. The only problem that we had was that the shower curtain smelled sour and made the bathroom smell.There is a cab stand right on the corner that makes it very easy to find a cab to get around. We took one to Bercy station and it cost 20Euros. All the people that were working at the hotel, especially Farooq, were helpful and courteous.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bernlh
<Content>Lovely Paris My partner and I visited Paris for three days in April this year and apart from the fact that it was a little cold - it was wonderful. Upon arriving at Charles DeGuille we were a little confused with travelling into Paris, however, in the end decided on taking the train. This hotel is on a train line and the public transport train system in Paris is amazing - once we were on the train, we had no trouble finding it. We were upgraded to I would have to say the best room in the hotel, which had french windows that opened up to a view of the Eifel Tower - we were both speechless for about 10 minutes. The view at night was breathtaking - the Eifel Tower has sparkling lights every hour on the hour - again amazing. The room wasn't too big, but it served it's purpose for us, it was neat and clean - on our first night we found a little grocery store and bought wine, cheese, bread and meat and set up the couch in front of the french windows and watched the Eifel Tower. If ever we have the chance to visit Paris again we will definately stay there again. It is close to everything, or within distance of a bus or train very easy to get around. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>skykaty
<Content>Loved it The reviews of this hotel say it all....Great location.....outstanding service.....more than friendly staff.....unbelievable views.... a very tiny elevator and much larger rooms and baths than any other hotel in paris.......definitely a hotel you will want to return to....J Moore  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelermia
<Content>C'est Magnifique! Just returned from a week at the Splendid Etoile on our very first trip to Paris. Kudos to the hotel and its staff for operating such a well-run property. Superlatives include: Farooq and other front desk staff who were friendly, knowledgeable, and went out of their way to book excursions for us and show us exactly which Metro lines to take; spacious room; comfortable queen size bed (we had the superior room); air conditioning controls in the room; hot breakfast (15 euros); location as has been mentioned previously; close to great shopping- Louis Vuitton store (be prepared to stand in line to get in) and Hugo Boss and of course fabulous restaurants just a few blocks down on the marvelous Champs-Elysee. The only thing we did not like about the hotel were the towels. We're used to plush towels both at home and away; theirs were very thin and we felt we could never be dry enough. Oh well, one small ripple in a sea of superlatives. Paris is lovely and the people absolutely delightful. I do not know why Parisians have gotten such a bad rap from Americans. Maybe its from people who have never traveled there. They are polite and respectul people who went out of their way to help us; total strangers on the metro and on the street offered to help us find our way when they saw fumbling with our maps. I speak a little French, but most people wanted to speak English to us. We went to every neighborhood and tourist attraction you can imagine so we got a pretty good taste of the entire city. We always felt safe; no one at all bothered us. If you must see anything in Paris, don't miss the Louvre (Sundays it's free admission, as it's on Wednesdays after 3:00 p.m and the lines are short); Musee Orsay; Saint Chapelle; the ride up to the top of the Eiffel Tower; and if you have time, Versailles and Giverny (Claude Monet's home) which the hotel can arrange for about 143 euros per person for an 8 hour trip). All around this was the best vacation we've ever taken. We're already planning our next vacation to Paris, quite simply the most wonderful city in the world. We would consider the Spledid Etoile for our next stay, but we would probably stay some where else just to try a new hotel.Bon voyage!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dedra28
<Content>Most Romantic Hotel This has to be one of the most romantic hotels in the world. My husband and I went here for the first time almost five years ago. We go back at least once a year- same room etc.The hotel is just a few feet away for the Air France Bus drop off and the metro station. The real beauty is the view; you really feel that you鈥檙e in a movie. And there is nothing better than taking your late evening glass of wine on the balcony looking at the Arc de Triomphe and the Parisian in the flats across the street prepare for dinner. The rooms are huge, especially compared to other Paris Hotels. It鈥檚 by far the best value in Paris in terms of location, room, service.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>K_The_Tourist
<Content>Superb We booked this hotel for New Year, based on the feedback seen on this site. And how lovely it was. It thoroughly met our expectations being well kept, quiet and upmarket. We would thoroughly recommend it. A view of the Arc de Triomphe, lovely room and bathroom. The staff were very helpful, too, in fact they bent over backwards to help us find somewhere to go on New Year's Eve. A superb holiday!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrzjenn
<Content>Very Nice, would recommend Stayed at the hotel for 8 days in September 2006 with my boyfriend, we're 29  36. Found it to be exactly as others describle. I thought the room was great, rm 403. Big bathroom, lots of closet/drawer space, excellent a/c and 2 french doors to the balcony with view of Arc. The hotel never seemed crowded, the staff was helpful and spoke excellent English. I like that you never had to carry your key around they hold it at the front desk. We did return every night after the doors were locked and never waited more than a few minutes for them to open it for us.The hotel was very centralized, the Metro across the street is on the popular line that goes down the Champs Elysees -Louvre, very convenient. We also went to Versailles ourselves and it was about an hour total between taking 2 trains. Taxi stand was right in front of the hotel and it was never hard to get a taxi. Also we got the AirFrance shuttle navette (it's more like a bus) to and from the airport, 12E each way. Slightly confusing taking to the hotel, very easy taking it back. Make sure you have the hotel confirm your terminal before leaving since we got off on the wrong one and had to take another bus to the right one!We ate at the cafe La Flame around the corner for dinner/drinks on 2 occaisons, reasonable prices, great atmosphere. We also ate a fast breakfast one morning at the Quick fast food place 2 blocks away. We also at a few places along the Champs, Madigral and L'Alsace.... service was ok, food was mediocre, very pricey. Laduree was excellent!! We loved Barrio Latino in the Bastile area, great food and great music, dance floor was packed and fun to watch. We also liked the food court in the Lourve for a quick lunch. Le Petit Pont was a nice place to eat right across from Notre Dame, we also liked the live jazz at Le Caveau de la Hauchette. Lots of bars/cafes/nightlife on that street.We saw the Lido show and the Crazy Horse cabaret, Farooq the concierge, booked our tickets, he charged us 32E as a fee, the seats were great and we did get free champagne at the Lido, but just be aware he has a booking fee. Both shows were great I would recommend both. We did the entire city in 8 days, there is so much to see, we walked a million miles and the weather was hot for September, 85F. Always took a nap before heading out around 9pm for dinner. It was a great trip, I did a lot of research on the hotel and was glad that the Spendid Etoile was exactly what we expected!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Papasan
<Content>Very nice for the price The place is great! The location is ideal, and the staff must have gone to the Waldorf Astoria's hospitality school. A warm welcome and the most pleasant stay we had for the 4 days spent there..The room was large, bath was fine, both very very clean. Only drawback to the Splendid are the elevators, which are tiny but once your bags are stashed, you are fine..We didn't eat at their restaurant because it was a bit pricey. Would recommend you don't have a meal across the street from the hotel. Food and drink were expensive and food was terrible.Do stay here, it's lovely and I will definitely go back next trip to Paree....  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aristella
<Content>Loved Them They were awesome. The entire staff made our stay personable and great. The room was nice and clean and had a/c, which is great in humid paris. I have nothing but the best things to say about the Splendid Etoile and especially the staff.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachgirl75
<Content>What a view!!               
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrookeBD
<Content>Highly recommend this hotel I was very nervous booking a hotel on Travelocity since I had never been to Paris. It turned out the be better that we could have expected. We were in Paris for 4 days and loved it. I think our impression of the entire city had a lot to do with the hotel. Fantastic location - we walked everywhere, but it wasn't loud or crowded right outside the hotel. Great view - we had a corner room with a direct view of the Arc de Triomphe, just like the pictures on the internet show. The room was spacious, especially the bathroom. The staff at the front desk made us feel so welcome. They were friendly, happy to speak English, and gave great suggestions for restaurants and photo opportunities. They also kept our luggage after we checked out the last day so we could spend a few more hours enjoying the city. A few tips - take the Air France bus to and from the hotel if you are flying into the city. It was so easy, just as quick as a taxi, and it stops in front of the hotel. You can even buy tickets at the front desk. Buy some bottled water and snacks at the grocery store (we found one a block or so from the hotel). It is hard to find a cheap bite to eat when you are out touring the city.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Kev&SP
<Content>Lived up to expectation       balcony view  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PaulieGirl
<Content>It's All True This was our first trip to Paris, and could not have been better thanks to this establishment. The staff was incredibly accomodating, room was spacious (even the bath) and Farooq is a sweetheart. At one point, they started doing some repair work before Noon (which was not good, since we slept in everyday), but they stopped immediately when asked and even upgraded our room to a larger one with double sinks. The view of the Arc was incredible from both rooms. Amazingly convenient to the Metro, the Champs, plenty of restaurants and shopping, and there's an AirFrance shuttle stop directly across the street. Friends we met over there who were visiting for the 5th time, also loved it and said they'd be recommending it to fam and friends. What a wonderful introduction to the city of my dreams.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bettydog2
<Content>Excellent hotel Had a wonderful enjoyable stay. Would recommend to anyone. Great location. View (in distance) of Eiffle Tower. Clean, comfortable room. Helpful staff. What more could you ask for. Highly recommended  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JNG
<Content>We liked it!       Hotel exterior  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>leeamm
<Content>Perfect Paris Getaway! If you are looking for a hotel with a real Parisian feel, look no further! We booked the Splendid Etoile by the positive reviews on Trip Advisor months ago for our 30th wedding anniversary getaway and it ended up being exactly what we wanted. Our room was #207 and it was perfect. Having a corner room wrap around balcony, with three floor to ceiling french doors - one in the bath and two in the bedroom/sitting area. French furnishings, a crystal chandelier and a large marble bathroom. A flat screen tv too! not that you will be watching much tv but a daily news report in English was nice to keep in touch with the world even while on vacation.This was our first trip to Paris and we wanted a hotel that was quaint, French, accommodating, clean, convenient to the Metro/transportation and near the Champs Elysees for evening walks. The Splendid fit all of our needs. The location was a few blocks from the Champs but was surprisingly quiet even with the french doors opened. The location is near many restaurants, cafes, bars, bakeries, wine shops, etc. Also the CDG/Air France bus stops on the opposite corner so getting to and from the airport is a breeze and less expensive than taking a cab. Buy the round trip ticket for the bus for a good deal. The Metro stop was right outside the door of the hotel and we used only the Metro for getting around the city. We also booked a couple of excursions thru a travel company that picked us up by minivan at the door of the Splendid Etoile as well. Walking to the Champs Elysees a few evenings for dinner and people watching was very nice and a lovely stroll among the neighborhood getting there.The staff--especially Farooq-- was the best. Always greeted us and spoke perfect English, thank goodness, since our French consisted of only a few words and phrases. Farooq was very knowledgable and more than accommodating about any questions we had, going over and above aiding us with helpful hints, good suggestions and general French info. He is by far the best concierge we have ever used! The rest of the staff were also very pleasant and helpful. The room we booked was a superior and very spacious, clean, with a french style decor-- silk wall coverings, draperies, furnishings, and the balcony with a wonderful view of the Arc d' Triomphe!!!! We never had breakfast or dinner at the hotel so we can not comment on the dining experience at the hotel. But right across the street is a nice restaurant  L'Emporieur that had a delicious menu. We never had a bad meal there.........ate a few breakfasts and dinners there. Authentic french fare........duck, chicken with mustard sauce, jambon and fromage sandwiches, omelets, chocolate crescents........And the best steak, potatoes and dessert we had in the city all week was at this little cafe! And that is saying a lot since we didnt have a bad meal all week no matter where we happened to eat.....from the bakeries, street fare, bistros or expensive restaurants......... So you dont have to walk all over the city looking for a good place to dine every night when L'Emporieur is so close by. And the staff there are very nice too! We highly recommend this hotel!!!!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>viajeromex
<Content>Great Advice and Service I spent four days at the hotel splendid etoile in paris this augustwith my two teen age daughters, the hotel was not what we expected or what we had seen on their website, i guess professional photographers do miracles but the room was nice and comfortable for the time we spent in it, the restaurant and bar were closed, something very odd for us since i chose it for having those amenities, we had to eat out all the time and being in Paris walking all the time sometimes is nice to have dinner and a glass of wine at your hotel before going to rest.The highlight of our stay was their staff, especially the chief concierge Farooq, He is a person that you can rely on for all your needs and he will always be happy and most important sincere to do it, You can always tell when somebody is doing something because they have to not because they want to, this is not the case with Farooq.We had some problem with our train tickets for talking to the wrong people at the train office and he helped us all thru the ordeal until we had the problem solved, always being so positive we will never forget, when we go back to Paris we will try to stay at the Splendid not for the facilities or location but for the great staff they have.SincerelyRoberto OrtizSan Diego California U.S.A.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GMAMPM
<Content>Already planning our next stay       The front of the hotel  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Anita63
<Content>Great Place! There are plenty of reviews of this hotel, all mostly raving about it. This review is positive, but not over the top as I've been told that I am rather picky about where I stay (ahem!).1. Price: There is no such thing as a bargain in Paris and you will get what you pay for. To find this hotel in a good area, clean, helpful staff, great views, around the $250 CAD price point was acceptable. 2. Cleanliness:It is clean, but it is not spotless, it is an old hotel, but it certainly did not creep me out. The fact that I didn't leave is testimony that the place was acceptable (I have left more hotels upon arrival than I care to mention).3. Room: Bigger than I thought it would have been!! Rooms are SMALL in Paris and this room was on the large size (407). I had three balconies...two with views of the Arc and one balcony off the bathroom which was different. King size bed with a seperate door was nice. Furnishings were nice, nothing fancy, but not a la 'Days Inn' either. Closet and safe. Bathroom is a weird configuration. Watch your step out of shower as it is higher/deeper to step to floor than in North America.4. Location: Very close to shopping,food, metro,and taxi's. Area is more congested than I like, but it's Paris and crowds are part of the deal. Metro is best bet for getting around and Air France bus is best bet for getting to and from airport (CDG).5. Staff: Faraque (sp?) was everything and more that people have already written. Very pleasant, accomodating, knowledgable. Unfortunately he only worked one day of the four I was there and I had to deal with the less experienced staff. Two things that left me puzzled with his staff: I purchased 6 stamps from the front desk at .90E each and I was charged 9.0E in total. That is either a hell of a service charge or the staff can't add. And secondly, DO NOT ASK THEM TO GET A CAB FOR YOU. There are usually plenty of cabs just outside the hotel to the right that start the meter at 0, but when the staff called me a cab (I didn't notice the other ones outside, like an idiot) the cab arrived from several blocks away and there was already 6 Euro's on the meter. I meant to take that up with the hotel, but ran out of time. Rediculous to pay $10 more for a cab ride b/c they called.6. Food: Did not eat at hotel at all, so I cannot comment. Lots of choices locally and everything was good albeit expensive (but again, that is Paris for you).7. Elevator: Small is an understatement, but it is good for a laugh and photo. The staircase was very nice and very typical Parisian.8. Overall Comments: Nice place to stay, a bit far from the Seine, satisfactory experience. Not luxury by any stretch of the imagination (especially after visiting the Hemingway Bar at the Ritz one night...now THAT is luxury), but more like a really nice Best Western.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kenya2010
<Content>So sorry, but can't recommend to friends and family We spent a week at the Hotel Splendid Etoile in the late July. We chose this hotel based upon its fabulous location, and the positive TA reviews. Reservations were made on line, with hotel staff, who were very acommodating and pleasant via email. Our request for a room with a view of the Arc was granted, and we were given a lovely corner room with an updated marble bathroom. The hotel is rather plain and charmless, but the rooms are well-soundproofed and pretty, the location is fantastic and we were quite comfortable throughout our stay. Sadly, I cannot recommend the hotel, though. The front desk staff are not uniformly pleasant and helpful. I speak some high school/college french, and they all speak excellent english, so it was certainly not a language issue.We would have been happy to recommend the hotel, were it not for one extremely unpleasant incident. The airconditioning system in our room was not functioning properly, and we were startled to find one afternoon, a sopping wet rug beneath the ceiling unit -- apparently from dripping condensation. The moisture was so great that the unit also dripped water in to the adjacent closet where my husbands clothes were stacked on the shelf. His clothes were soaked. A poorly functioning airconditioner is certainly not reason to be unhappy with the hotel, but what happened next is. My husband took his wet clothes down to the front desk to explain the situation. He requested that the clothes be cleaned, and that someone come look at the unit. A very nice young man saw the soaked carpet, and sent a repairman shortly thereafter. As it was a Sunday, the repairman was not a professional, and did nothing to repair the unit. The next Monday, while breakfasting downstairs, the day manager approached us at our table. She told us that according to the repairman, there was nothing wrong with the airconditioning unit, and that if we wanted our clothes cleaned, we would have to pay for it. My husband and I were flabbergasted. We are very honest people, and would never THINK of creating such an elaborate scam to get clothes cleaned. I took the manager up to our room, where she saw the wet rug and visible water drips on the wall. This was her opportunity to offer up a heartfelt apology, but it never came. She insisted that it was reasonable policy to assume the worst of the guests (after all, just that morning, some guests had run off with 80 euros of mini-bar). She explained to me that, You would be surprised at the things people will do to get their laundry done.I found this behavior unprofessional and simply, unkind. Call me naive, but I thought people went in to the hospitality business because they genuinely like serving the public. This particular manager seemed not to like her job, let alone people.Although I can't recommend the hotel for the above reason, it has its strong points. If you do stay there, don't expect pleasant, professional treatment from all the front desk staff.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>SanDiegoSteve
<Content>What a great hotel On vacation with two teen-age daughters. Chose this hotel based on prior ratings on this site.Superior hotel, maybe a little pricey but for Paris, and the location, a good value. We could see the Arc de Triomphe from our room, maybe 100 yards away. Metro station just across the street.Exceptional room. Great bathroom. Good breakfast. Had more of a corporate feel, vs. a family owned feel, but given the price, that is a reasonable feeling. Helpful staff. Worthy of high ratings. Probably my daughters' favorite hotel on our trip.Fully recommended.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rachael_David
<Content>Fantastic Location My husband and I have just returned from a four night trip to the Splendid Etoile Hotel.The first good point about this hotel is that the Air France bus from CDG Airport stops just over the road from the hotel which eliminates the stress of trying to find your hotel!Secondly, the room we recieved had the most amazing view of the Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower. We paid for a Superior room and as it was our 1st Wedding Anniversary I requested a nice view, the reservations lady, Francoise, was so helpful and she gave us the best room she had. All of the staff at the hotel are lovely and speak really good english.Thirdly, it is so easy to get back to the hotel after walking around Paris as all you have to do is find the Arc de Triomphe!! And that is really not hard at all!The only thing we were dissapointed about in Paris was the Eiffel Tower, obviously the view from the top is fantastic but we waited around two hours to actually get a ticket and get to the second floor and then again we waited another 1/2 hour to get to the top. The queing system is non existant and it is pretty much a stampede to get into a lift. Not a nice experience however we can say that we have been to the top of the Eiffel Tower!!!I hope this short review has helped others in deciding that the Spelndid Etoile is for them, do not hesitate to book this hotel.Rachael  David x  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JPC4
<Content>Super hotel The Hotel Splendid de Etoile located on Avenue Carnot is a fine hotel and I recommend it. My family, wife and two teenage girls, are very picky when it comes to cleanliness and comfort. The Splendid ranked pretty high in their book. Nicely decorated, it is a bit Spartan, but again, for us,clean and comfortable. The bathrooms are large and function well. They could use some new tile and updating, but otherwise fine. The rooms were larger than I expected and larger than the ones we found in London. The furniture which could use some updating is just fine and fits the hotel well. What makes this hotel a killer place to stay however is the view of the Arch de Triumph. As requested when making the internet reservations, we received a corner room on the 4th floor and an adjacent one on Avenue Carnot. My wife and I took the corner with two balconies. We spent each evening parked in our chairs on the balcony with a glass of wine in full view of the Arch. The girls had a room with one balcony which had a partial (can see most) view. Fantastic! There are some suites with better views, but there are some rooms I am certain with no views, so, make the effort to request these if you are interested.The hotel staff is helpful yet unobtrusive. We did not eat in the hotel at all. For water, snacks, wine and even fruit, we walked about less than a block to a small market on a side street. For breakfast there is a nice caf茅 across the street. We had a great pasta meal at another caf茅 within eyesight of our balcony on the next block. The metro stop, as most have pointed out, is accessible by elevator just outside the front door of the hotel, or by stairs across the street. Note: my wife almost had her wallet lifted from her purse on the Paris Metro (not hotel related), but because she has a habit of keeping her hand over the front top 鈥搊pening purse, she actually caught the girl鈥檚 hand as it was trying to lift the contents. There were two of them in their late teens and they jostled her away from the hand grip as she boarded and used the distraction for one to try the lift. Be careful.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cfarley
<Content>Splendid is Splendid! My wife and I stayed at the Splendid Etoile for 5 days in early April. You can't beat the location. We could see the Arc De Triomphe(spelling) from our window! You have an elevator to the Metro right outside the Hotel doors. Don't take a cab from the Airport, there's an Air France shuttle that takes you right to the hotel. Get a round trip ticket, it's cheaper than 2 one ways. Didn't eat in Hotel, too expensive. There's a great cafe down the street where you can get coffee and pastries on the cheap. Nice staff but try to speak a little French or they can be a little snotty, but then again you're in France! Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ButchsBash
<Content>Great Staff, Great Views, Nice Hotel This being my first time in Europe on vacation, perhaps I expected a slightly bigger room from a superior room. However, we were only there a few days and it was very clean, had a spectacular view of the Arc (thank you to the staff for accomodating the request for a room with a view!) and was very well located to access all of Paris (and right across the street from the Air France bus). Farooq, as others reported, was very helpful in suggesting places to eat and in helping confirm meal reservations.All in all, the hotel was a key part of an excellent 5th wedding anniversary and I'd gladly stay again.One other note... the small elevator was almost comical (we couldnt fit with our bags). Maybe its standard for Europe, but if not, you have to see it to believe it.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mainers
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! We too were a little concerned when we saw the TA rating drop from #3 to #18, but NOT to worry, this place is a gem! We had a standard triple room, with 3 single beds (traveling w our daughter). The room was on the 2nd floor so I was concerned about noise -- but even on lower floors this hotel is wonderfully quiet, not only do the double french doors block out virtually all traffice noise, but a/c and plumbing were very quiet. We were amazed at how quiet it was. The room had a view of the Arc from the balcony, was quite spacious (for a hotel in the heart of the city), high ceilings which gave it an open feel, lovely French furnishings, and a bathroom that was quite large, including two sinks (a real plus with a teenager). It also had a very nice feature - you could close off the entry area to have privacy when getting dressed or using bathroom. As reported, metro is right at your doorstep and Farooq is great at directing you to the sights. He not only told us about which metro to take, but also the exact number of stops between the hotel and the destination! The room was ready early (about 11am), so we were able to clean up after the long flight, before leaving to sightsee. We found all the staff at the front desk to be very helpful, pleasant and professional. Farooq was on vacation for a couple of days, and his replacemt was reallly very nice. We would stay here again and recommend it to others without reservation, esp the triple room.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>atcboy
<Content>Top Notch       View of hotel from Air France bus stop  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a view We have recently stayed here for a long weekend and all 6 of us would reccommed this hotel, It is a prefect location to have as your base to see all the sights. All our rooms had a excellent view and it was central to everywhere we wanted to visit.The bathroom was on the smallside and our bathroom also tended to get flooded, we would recommend this hotel for short stays.The service was slow on occassion as the front desk did not tend to always be manned and collecting and handing in your room keys ment you were left waiting around, and as it was a short stay this was the only time we really had cause to use the reception or any of their services.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>huladolphin
<Content>Wonderful location, great Parisian ambiance       Two beds in the junior suite  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location Wife and I spent 8 days last week of May 2006 at the Splendid. Chose the hotel after reading numerous reviews on this site and others. Our first visit to Paris, usually go every other year to mainland Italy or its two large islands.All was perfect, received upgraded room immediately, large bright room with two big windows and balconies. Hotel directly across the street from the Air France Airport bus stop, 12 euros per person each way, hugh savings...the staff was soo nice and helpful, Mr. Farooq and front desk always time for giving directions and advise..we loved our room, kept spotless.Location was everything, Arc of Triumph was RIGHT there, many of the major sights with in walking distance or we took the Metro..Line #1 right across the street...many small little outdoor cafes and places to eat all within walking distance on Avenue Carnot or surrounding streets..McDonalds, like two blocks from hotel, refused to use.We loved Paris and we loved the hotel and its staff, the trip was perfect, we will return to both again...Most strongly recommend this hotel. Mr. Farooq, possible softer bed for next visit.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay here again No complaints at all. Location was great. Room very nice and easily accommodated the roll-away bed we need for our teenaged son. Staff terrific and helpful - especially the concierge, Farooq. He went out of his way to help me with a rental car problem I had. Even WALKED me to the nearest rental car office. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fancynanc85
<Content>Splendid Etoile is wonderful! My daughters and I stayed at the Splendid Etoile for three nights on the last leg of our 2 week journey through Europe. Our junior suite was fabulous! We had a balcony with views of the Arc de Triomphe and the top portion of the Eiffel Tower. The metro stop is right across the street and the Champs-Elysees is within sight of the hotel. The housekeeping staff had our room cleaned within a few minutes of our departure each day. Robes and even washcloths are provided!! Room service delivered coffee each morning for only 10 Euro for two, which is less than many of the local cafes. The front desk staff were helpful and accommodating. We booked directly through the hotel website so breakfast was not included in the price of our room. At 16 Euro for Continental or 23 Euro for full breakfast, it was pricey, but the many cafes nearby offer better value. We would highly recommend the Splendid Etoile!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My husband  I and our daughter have just returned from spending 3 nights at this wonderful hotel. From the moment we arrived by taxi we were treated exceptionally well. As we were sharing the room they gave us a larger room which had a separate TV room with a single bed for our daughter. Our room was extremely comfortable and very clean and the bathroom was a great size. Although we didn't have a view of the Arc de Triomphe we did look out towards the roundabout which was very pleasant. Farook at the front desk was so helpful and advised us of great eateries in the area. All of the staff were friendly and spoke very good English. The location of this hotel is excellent, just a short walk to the Champs Elysees and the Arc and the RER and Metro are across the street. We took the RER to EuroDisney and had a great day. After travelling around Europe for 24 days on a coach we were delighted to find a laundromat within 5 minutes walk of the hotel - go across the street outside the hotel and walk left, take the first right and then left and the laundromat is down this street on the left (4 euros for a wash and 1 euro for 10 minutes in the dryer). We will definitely be staying at this hotel when next visiting Paris.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Splendid Etoile!!!!!!!!!!! I spent 3 nights and have but good things to say about it. It made our visit to Paris a great experience. First of all the staff is very friendly, the location is magnificent and the metro is 5 steps from the door (no noise). The rooms are spacious, very clean, great bathroom, they have double windows (no noise what so ever) and double shades (no light gets in).The concierge is very helpful and to top it of the Air France bus stop is across the street and is 12 euros from Charles de Gaulle. Buy it both ways at the airport and pay 9 euros each way. Entre Cot restaurant in Champs Elysees is great, steak and fries. Hope this is helpful.Roberto (San Diego, Ca)  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cozy Hotel in Paris This hotel experience was very good. We stayed in both a regular room and an upgraded room. Both rooms had balconies. The regular room was small but very nice and no view. The upgraded room had a view of the Arc de Triumph, yet was very quiet. The staff were very helpful and kind. The resturant was excellent!! 15 to 20 minute walk to the Seine and just a couple of steps from the Metro stop. We would stay here again!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TomLosAngeles
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Concierge! My wife and I stayed at the hotel for a week and half in early May, 2006, and had a fantastic time. The location couldn't be better -- right across the street from the Arc de Triomph. The metro stops right in front of the hotel, a taxi stand is just across the street, and the Champs Elysees is right there. We booked a suite on the 6th floor, and I'm sure that you won't find a better view in any hotel in the city. You can pay twice as much at the Four Seasons and have no view at all, for example. Best of all about the hotel was the concierge, Farooq. He was extraordinarily helpful, and a very nice guy. He was able to get us into the top Michelin-rated restaurants, and get opera tickets as well, all on relatively short notice. But he also had great ideas and suggestions for places to go, places to eat, etc., that you probably would never find unless you were a local. We heartily recommend the hotel to everybody.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandijen
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I have just returned from 5 days Paris where we celebrated our first wedding anniversary. Like someone mentioned recently, I too booked the Splendid Etoile when it was number 2 in the ranks and almost changed to another hotel as I watched the ratings decline over the past few months - I needn't have worried. The service we received was polite and extremely helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The location couldn't have been more central and with a metro literally right outside we could whizz around the city in no time! There's a boulangerie at the bottom of the street where you can eat breakfast for 7 Euros per person. Their croissants au beurre are fantastic! Please do as we tried to do and make an effort to speak their language - you'll get so much more from your holiday.....French is the most romantic language in the world after all!An absolute must is a late night trip to the top of the Arc de Triomphe - there are no queues at that time and the city is just beautiful all lit up. Try to time it so that you're at the top just before the Eiffel Tower 'sparkles' (on the hour and lasts around 10-15 minutes).We love Paris and will have no hesitations about staying at the Splendid Etoile in the future.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paris we love you! Abbotsford, BC Just returned from a week long stay in Paris and at the Splendid Etoile Hotel. Had a fantastic time!!! The Splendid Etoile was clean, comfortable and quiet. Farook at the front desk was super friendly, helpful and spoke great english. It is a great location as the Air France bus drops you off right across the street from the hotel front door, we could see the Arc de Triumph out of our window and the hop on/hop off bus has a stop just on the other side of the roundabout. Secondly, don't let people tell you Paris is soo expensive - it is as expensive as you want to make it. We would eat our breakfast along the Champs at Paul (a patisserie) 3 coissants/2 grand coffees just under 10.00 euro - sandwiches there around 5 euro each. Easy to find lunch for 9 to 11 euro each. Remeber the food quality is great for the price that you pay. The drinks of any kind are pricey. It seemed any museum was around 7.50 euro each to get in (to see Monet's, Van Gogh's, Rembrandt's, DaVinci's!!!). We found the audio guides at 5 euro each helpful (shared). We found alot of english spoken along the Champs but much less off that street. But who cares! Try your hand at the French, so what if you butcher it at least you are trying and they appreciate the effort, and it's fun! Prepare to walk alot which we found great because there is so much to see along the way that before you know it you've walked 3 miles! We are already planning our next trip!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jrfalso
<Content>Great Location Located across from The Arc de Triumph / 10 minute walk to Eiffel Tower / 2 minute walk to Champs De Eylsse, the hotel served its purpose for a comfortable night's rest and locality near the sights of Paris. Concierge was helpful and gave us some good tips as far as pastry shops and general information. Take the Air France bus, it drops you off in front of the hotel, it could not have been more convenient.Room was okay, nothing spectacular. If I leaned over the balcony, I could see the Arc de Triumph. Oh well, they cannot accomodate every request. The rooms are a bit pricey for what you get, but having your own bathroom is important ( first time to Paris). Staff was courteous and helpful. Would recommend, but I have nothing to compare it against seeing that this was my first time in Paris.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing for the price When we arrived we were given a room at the back of the hotel with a view of the building next door. We were not impressed. We had booked a superior double room with a view of the Arc de Triomphe as shown on the hotel's website. Also the double bed was actually two single beds made up separately and pushed together. Not a great start. There were no other rooms available so we were not able to move until the next day. The concierge we spoke to the next morning was friendly and helpful and moved us to a much better room with a view for our second night although there was decorating work being done outside our room. The location is good but make sure you get a good room.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>8841
<Content>loved the hotel justcame backfrom the splendid etoile hotel in paris. it was great and would stay there again. this is about our 8th trip to paris. they are so accomodating. the room was lovely and the bathroom great.the location is perfect. f and s from buffalo ny  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JRChicago
<Content>Solid value, good location, nice views We booked 5 nights directly with the hotel (via e-mail) and saved about 15-20 Euro/night vs any of the web sites including the hotel site. The location is very good, there is a major Metro and RER stop directly outside the hotel which makes travel all around Paris a breeze. Note the importance of this being a major metro stop which serves multiple lines, not all stops have this convenience. Would recommend taking the Air France bus from CDG as the bus make only two stops and one is directly at the hotel. The rooms were nice, but nothing out of the ordinary. Confortable, quiet, clean, reasonable size, helpful staff, but nothing beyond ordinary. Be careful with restaurant recommendations from the concierge, he has a closet full of business cards and could be getting a spiff from the places he recommends. We had much better luck using Access or one of several web sites for dinning recommendations.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A room with a view My wife, two daughters, and I stayed in Hotel Splendid Hotel for six nights. I booked it directly though the hotel by e-mail after viewing their website. I chose it primarily because of excellent reviews on Tripadvisor and largely because we had better experience, generally, in smaller hotels. In my e-mail I wrote what I was looking for and I promptly received a favorable reply from the hotel. We stayed in room 606 on the top floor with breathtaking view of the Arc de Triomphe and the Tour Eiffel. It was a beautifully appointed suite with French furniture and decor but with a pleasant minimalist feel to it. To the delight of my 9 and 11 year old daughters, the staff prepared two separate beds for them in the sitting room. The largest in the sixth floor, the room provided ample space for my family. The marble bathroom, impeccably clean and religiously supplied with generous toiletries, towels, and bathrobes, has very strong water pressure.The members of the staff especially the concierge were very cordial and polite. They provided excellent suggestions for restaurants and helpful tips on how to go about your daily trips around the city. The hotel's location couldn't be more perfect. The Metro station is right in front of the hotel.We chose not to eat any of our meals in the hotel because ther are many restaurants, brassieries, and cafes nearby that offer excellent food for better value. Two of our favourites are the Lateral, only two small blocks from the hotel, and Jacques boulangerie, about three blocks. Our dining experience have been wonderful--courteous staff and expeditious service, and of course, great food. (It is true, the French can really cook!)I will certainly stay in this hotel again on our next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location for tourists but the hotel is ok Stayed there for two nights in March. The hotel has an excellent location. From some rooms (not all though) you will enjoy the view of the Arc. RER and Metro station is just around the corner. Room is big compared with other Paris hotels. It is also quiet. However it's a little bit old and nothing really special about it. The bath room is again good size but quite plain.Service isn't too bad. Most staff speak good English. Didn't use the restaurant so not sure about the quality of food. However there are so many restaurants near by so you will always find something good with reasonable price. If you don't want to spend too much money eating breakfast, try the MacDonald. It's really cheap (when you are used to the London rip-off price) and quality is good.Overall the hotel is above average. I will stay again if there is any promotion.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BoldlyGO
<Content>Friendly but over priced? I booked this hotel for myself, my husband and 12 year old by email and got a very friendly reply, and a triple room. The reviews on this site were helpful, but perhaps a bit American? I can see why our transatlantic cousins and business people would love the hotel - dark wood, powerful showers etc. It is in a great location as others have said. Our triple was a suite with the attached room sofa turned into a bed (room 109), and was very good and spacious with a huge bathroom! It overlooked the side street, and a minus would be not being able to have the windows open. The maid was great and funny too. The reception were charming, and the area very good. Breakfasts at the hotel were not good value for money - we recommend the jolly French famille at the Emperor opposite where you can have anything from just a croissant and coffee to their take on an English or American breakfast! Go down the road, and you are in a French neighbourhood. The French should do something about the dark dank underpass (built in the 70s?) which takes you to the Arc de Triomphe!!To sum up, a very good hotel, but a little pricey, probably because of the location. We are glad we went though as the Metro is just outside the door and our son loved the little lift down!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JLou
<Content>Fantastic Views We have just returned from 5 days in Paris where we stayed at the Splendid Etoile. Fantastic Hotel - we had a superior room on corner of the 5th floor overlooking the Arc de Triomphe and also a clear view of the Eiffel Tower. Staff were friendly and always helpful. They even found us a European adaptor plug to use as my husband packed a USA one by accident. Metro is right outside of the hotel and we found it the best way to get around Paris efficiently. Great little cafe called Lateral on the corner of Rue Mac-Mahon and Rue Tilsitt. We ate there a few times as the food was really nice - large portions and waiters were actually helpful - quite a rarity on both counts.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ilovecheesecake
<Content>Not exactly what I had in mind. I just returned from a wonderful trip to Paris. The fact that the hotel was not what I expected didn't impact the fun we had. I always use tripadvisor when booking a hotel room and I am usually pleased with the hotels I get. This however would be an exception. I do not know who is leaving reviews for this hotel but it is not what everyone is saying. There are much nicer hotels in Paris for less money. This hotel is in an excellent location but that is about all it has going. The hotel itself is average at best. There is torn wall paper all over the walls in the hallways, the rooms are large(for Paris) but there is nothing special about them. I would rather have a smaller room with nice linens and a comfortable bed. This hotel was a disappointment.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel and great staff I stayed at this hotel this weekend and was really pleased I chose the hotel. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, all the staff could speak English (and were happy to), the location was perfect and the room was exceptionally quiet considering it was on a main road. The only down side to the hoetl was the size of the room. We stayed in a standard room and even though it was big enough for us it would have been nicer to have a slightly larger room. I would certainly return to this hotel if I return to Paris, the staff certainly and location certainly made a difference.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A pleasant surprise We decided on this hotel after reading all of the reviews on this site. I read so many bad reviews on hotels in Paris my expectations were set very low for my firs Europe trip.this hotel was a nice surprise. We upgraded to the superior room for a nominal charge through travelocity. The room was of average size compared to american hotels. Pleanty of room for two. Actually enought room to spread out and excercise. the heating is very good. Too good. We opened the windows at night to cool it down at times. The shower was ok with the pressure and temp. It had a shower curtain which i guess is rare. the windows are all french style doors that open to walk out onto the balcony and are double paned which made them almost sound proof except for a few sirens or scooter sounds that would get through.The staff is great. Spoke very good english and always started with the language they knew their guest spoke. Our concierge spoke seven languages.We requested a room with a view of the arch d' triomphe and got one with a balcony view meaning that you could only see it from the balcony. There are only a few rooms with the view you see online. This kinda bummed us at first but turned out to not be a big deal. The lobby area is tiny with a nice little bar area. They had a daily variety of different language newspapers for free. The elevators are hilariously small, but we got a chuckle out of them everytime. We never tried the restaurant or breakfast buffet as there are numerous places in the area at much cheaper rates. They have high speed internet in the room for 14 euros for 24 hours. But there are too also many cafes with free wi-fi close by. The area couldn't be a more convienient location. The metro is just acroos the street which connects to the main line to all the sites. The metro is fantastic, easy and safe at all hours.There are so many restaurants in the area we never ventured futher than a few blocks for our dinners.I recommend if you fly into CDG to take the Air France bus. It's available to all for around 14 euros round trip. It drops you off directly in front of the hotel.Overall we were very pleased and pleasantly surprised.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent for business travel! I stayed at the hotel Splendid Etoile in Paris in March 2006 and I loved it. It's my preferred choice when staying on business, the rooms are very chic, the beds are extremely comfortable, the showers are quite powerful, it's completely sound-proof from one room to another, they even have double doors to avoid corridor noise! Amazing! It鈥檚 also reasonably priced for the location it鈥檚 in: the Champs Elisees are just a minute away; the bus to the airport stops right in front of the hotel and there鈥檚 also a taxi rank. I will stay there again without any hesitation.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Paris!!!!!!!!!!!! Stayed at the Hilton by the Eiffel tower the first night, but I was on a hunt for the perfect hotel (with a view and a terrace). I had seen pics of Etoile Splendid on the internet and the room was even better. The room we stayed in (m+f/22)had a beautiful view of the giant arc de triomph, and a wraparound terrace with three entrances (2 in room, 1 in bathroom). We got some good tv channels late at night, they have many different languages.So close to everything, and we couldn't get lost in the area, as all streets lead back to the arc de triomphe.Also, our friend stayed at a hotel on the other side of the champs ellyses for a more affordable room.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gulfgirl
<Content>The perfect Paris haven My husband and I recently returned from Paris having spent 4 nights at The Splendid Etoile celebrating our silver wedding anniversary. Because it was such a special occasion and we were travelling all the way from Dubai to be there, I had researched hotels extensively on Trip Advisor before deciding on this hotel --and we were absolutely delighted with our choice ! From the moment we stepped through the door till the time we left for the airport we had friendly , courteous and prompt service. The chief concierge , M. Haroun was delightful and gave us all kinds of helpful tips. On the advice of a Trip Advisor member we had asked for room 407 which was a superior room with two balconies overlooking the Arch de Triumph. The room was exactly as we had seen on the web site and well appointed, with clean carpets and extremely comfortable beds. The bathroom was spacious and clean and had a lovely warm radiator! At night when the Arch is lit up, it looks magical through the windows with all the lights twinkling on the Champs Elysee! It was so special to wake up each morning and look out of the window and know immediately you were in Paris !!!Our room rate included the buffet breakfast which was served in a cosy little room off the lobby and we were able to start each day with a cooked meal. However, they do have a continental option with a variety of juices, cereals, fruit and breads which looked quite filling and delicious.The hotel is comveniently located on Avenue Carnot and there is an underpass that takes you to the Champs Elysee--about a 5 minute walk. There is a taxi stand by the hotel door and an RER station right in front as well. There is also a metro station a couple of minutes away. We found the taxis to be very reasonably priced and since everything we wanted to see was so close to the hotel it was easy and cheap to get to. For instance, to get to the Musee D'Orsay cost us about 5 euro by taxi. The hotel has a restaurant and a bar and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food there. There are also a number of cafes and brasseries on and around Avenue Carnot which offer cheaper options. Down the road there are two alimentaries, a boulangerie and patisserie as well as a wine shop so one could also pick up bread and cheese, meats and salads for eating in or a picnic.We had a wonderful time and would love to return to the Splendid Etoile. On our previous visit to Paris we had stayed in the Latin Quarter but we enjoyed our time in the Etoile far more!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing location, friendly staff, great room, good price! What more can you ask for? This was my third trip to Paris, and my first stay at the Splendid Etoile. First, the location is ideal. Not only can you see the Arc de Triomphe from your hotel window (even from our lowest-fare Standard room), the Air France autobus from CDG (#2--Etoile) stops right across the street. There is also a Metro station less than a block away, and an entrance to the underground walkway (to access the Arc, or to cross to the opposite side of the Etoile conveniently and safely) about 50 metres away from the hotel's entrance.The room itself was lovely--well appointed, with a lovely (almost Western) bathroom, ample closets, seating, etc. The staff is friendly and accomodating, and made the trip an easy one.I give the Splendid Etoile my highest recommendation. You honestly can not go wrong with this Best Parisian Buy.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best location ever! To summarise - value for what you get! This hotel is not cheap, but I was hoping it would be worth the price and not a waste.And it was great. On the tip of the roundabout around the arc de triomphe, the location is amazing. Outside the front door you have an elevator down to a major metro station which also houses the RER straight to Disneyland paris. Also, there is a stiarcase leading to the arc de triomphe. Or you can stroll straight dow nthe champse elisse. Perfect.O nwalking in everyone was friendly and immediately I was upgraded from my 250 euro per night junior suite to the 480 euro per night best suite in the palce. The room was amazing and the view of the arc de triomphe unbelievable.The room was clean, bathrobes provided, etc. I cant fault it. The concierge was very helpful My only advice as a general rule waould be not to get breakfast if your stay is cheaper with out. 2 seconds down the champs elisse you can pick up juice, croissants, hot choclate, etc for 5 euros for 2 people.A GREAT PLACE TO STAYCertainyl for romance, I w  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LoungeLover
<Content>All you need I stayed at the Splendid for one night, looking for something central and comfortable. I have sampled a lot of hotels in Paris but this one hits the spot. As others have said before me, it is just off the Arc de Triomphe but also on the other side of the street of where the Air France bus drops you off coming from the aiport. It's a 5mn walk to the Champs Elysees, but it also has some very nice restaurants and bars just down the street and in the entire area of Avenue des Ternes.The rooms are big, the beds comfortable, the view breathtaking, the bathrooms clean and big. I got a great deal at 190Euros a night including breakfast and have to say that I will most certainly be back. It's all about location here. It's just a shame that when I was here there seemed to be some renovation work going on on the 2nd floor, so ask before they give you your room number, because this was quite annoying in the morning.Other than that (and hoping it is only temporary) this is a great choice of hotel!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Colmfarl
<Content>A Gem of a hotel       Arc de Triomphe at night  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Holiday thanks to Hotel Splendid       Dawn From Our Balcony  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rainyuk
<Content>Lovely hotel! We鈥檝e just returned from a one-night weekend stay at the Hotel Splendid Etoile in Paris. The reception staff were friendly, spoke excellent English and couldn鈥檛 do enough to accommodate us. I booked a superior room but upon checking in (which they kindly let us do a couple of hours early) they gave us a free upgrade to a suite, which was an unexpected but very welcome bonus! I enquired at the desk about an iron and within 10 minutes an iron and ironing board were delivered to my room!On Saturday evening, we ate at the restaurant Le Pr茅 Carre attached to the hotel and my hubby, the steak connoisseur, adored his filet steak and said it was one of the best he鈥檇 eaten. I had rack of lamb, which was equally fantastic, and the profiteroles were to die for.The weather was cold and drizzly after dinner on Saturday night and we were very glad of our suite as instead of going for a walk we bought some wine and cosied up in the room by the window, overlooking the Arc de Triomphe and watching the crazy traffic and the lights twinkle on the Eiffel Tower.Tips: (1) We didn鈥檛 take breakfast at the hotel 鈥?even though it looked nice 鈥?as hubby wanted something 鈥榗ooked鈥?so we went to the caf茅 on the opposite corner and had a tasty breakfast of cheese omelette, French bread, croissant and jam, OJ and hot choc 鈥?divine 鈥?all for 鈧?1.90.(2) The bar at Planet Hollywood has a happy hour at around 4 pm (not sure if that鈥檚 every day but it applied to Sunday) 鈥?all drinks half price.(3) The mini bar is a tad expensive - you can buy beer, wine and snacks from the supermarket at the bottom of the hill for much less.I鈥檇 cannot thank the hotel enough for a lovely anniversary weekend as it was pure magic.(there was only one down side to the trip and that was the taxi ride from the hotel to station for the journey home. The hotel kindly called a taxi for us and instead of taking 10 minutes and costing 鈧?.50 as it did on the way to the hotel, it took an hour and cost over 鈧?5! We felt well and truly ripped off 鈥?a London cabbie would have tried all kinds of back street routes to get us there quickly 鈥?this guy sat on one long road just inching along! That was at 6.20 pm on a Sunday evening). Good thing we left in plenty of time!All in all, I would definitely recommend Hotel Splendid Etoile!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>macjellicoe
<Content>Delighted with our choice Splendid Etoile - convenient location, courtesy, and comfort are some of the factors that influence me to wholeheartedly recommend this hotel.Thank you to all previous contributors, your information and comments helped me to decide on and select this hotel as the location to stay on our first trip to Paris.We were delighted with our choice. For us it proved to be ideal.Transferring from CdG airport using the Air France bus was easy, quick, and convenient. The bus has a stance at Avenue Carnot, and the hotel is across the road.The reception staff in the hotel, were pleasant efficient, and have fluent English.The room was a good size, clean and well looked after.Breakfast was included in our tariff, and we were satisfied with the choice available on the Continental Breakfast.With the Metro available just outside the hotel, and the open-top tourist buses available at the Arc de Triomphe (when you come out of the hotel proceed in a clockwise direction round the Arc and you will find the tourist buses) getting to and from all the major sights was easy.We will certainly use this hotel on future trips to Paris.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BERNEY56
<Content>Great for Women traveling alone! Its been quite awhile since I stayed at Splendid Etoile but from reading reviews I'm very glad to know it has not changed! This is the perfect location and setting. As a woman traveling alone for business I felt safe and very much at home at Splendid Etoile. I've longed to go back for a romantic holiday, but not that lucky yet. I have stayed in the room where you are looking at the Arch d'Triomphe gain that rosy glow in the late summer afternoons -- magnificent. I've visited Paris as well as worked there many times and I have yet to find a more convenient location. You can get to most everywhere without a transfer and find it most convenient for business and sightseeing. This is not the modern hotel with business facitlities -- its just a much more enjoyable option than staying at La Defense at a much more reasonable rate than the other business hotels in the area. Some of the most memorable memories I have is of the Splendid Etoile bathrooms and those huge lovely tubs! Hopefully they still supply the bubbling bath gel....  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rtpro
<Content>GREAT HOTEL   showReview(3914787, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chyswife
<Content>Fantastic - just back and booking to return asap          The view from the main balcony  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything I had hoped for and more   showReview(3789242, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rcbaxter
<Content>Very comfortable, brilliantly located hotel. Great choice.       View from balcony  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!   showReview(3703286, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>woodley188
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(3639658, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful view and romantic stay   showReview(3545545, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, great hotel   showReview(2789351, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We opted for the lower priced hotel on our tour - AND WON BIG TIME!   showReview(1623536, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely, excellent service   showReview(970525, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OLIVNord
<Content>H么tel "splendide" !! Accueil et attention formidables !!!!!   showReview(22600887, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manhattan94
<Content>vista spettacolare!   showReview(21776012, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>chris99999
<Content>Agr茅able s茅jour Paris   showReview(21137614, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La situaci贸n del hotel es...   showReview(20890581, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PHILIEGE
<Content>Magnifique !       Chambre 606  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lucabis
<Content>Posizione Strategica   showReview(8513306, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儵銉炽偣銈夈仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161075, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>montvaloise
<Content>Pour combler toutes vos attentes   showReview(6320129, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ兗銉儠銉┿兂銈广伄绌烘腐...   showReview(21801892, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉诲嫊銇屼究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19158059, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙儶銇嚤鏃嬮杸銇嬨倝姝┿亜...   showReview(19922999, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

