<Author>PhillyAsthmaDoc
<Content>Punta Cana Holiday Disaster I am not the type to write reviews, but felt compelled to for the sake of my fellow travelers.Rooms a disgrace in the casitas: broken toilets, broken AC, had to take headboards off wall to close blinds, no blinds in some rooms. No refrigerator or cooking facilities in the kitchen.Resort food awful.Not child friendly.Reserved things that were not available such as cribs and golf carts.Incompetent staff who have no desire to please the guests.2 of 3 families in our party left the resort early.Resort gave us 40% off because of all our problems, and it was still not worth it. TRAVEL AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!The beach was absolutely gorgeous however.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>djo822
<Content>Incredibly Beautiful       punta cana sunset  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NewJerseyRed123
<Content>great for R  We just returned from the Punta Cana Club  Resort. The place is beautiful and kept very clean. Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted with punch. The staff was very friendly and accommodating to our needs. We stayed in a junior suite which was more than enough room for 2 people. Each morning we had breakfast at the buffet which included smoothies, juices, and an assortment of breakfast foods. Dinners were at the various restaurants on the property. Reservations were needed, but all of them were available. La Yola is a beautiful restaurant on the marina. We also ate at Cocoloba, La Bamboo and others. The food was excellent, some more pricey than others. Drinks are expensive and are kept on a separate tab with tax and gratuity put on. All the restaurants are open with big fans and very comfortable. The beach is wonderful. There were times when we were the only ones in the ocean. The water is a gorgeous blue with fish swimming by. You can usually find shade if needed and have a drink. The pool is very nice as well. It has a swim up bar and many seats both in the sun and the shade.It is definitely a place for relaxation because there is no night life available. There is a lounge and a bar in the lobby with someone playing music. The Six Senses Spa is a must. It's beautiful and offers a lot of things. I had a very relaxing one hour facial. Great!!!The use of the internet is also available at a rate of $2 for 15 minutes. This came in very handy for us.It's easy to get around because the little shuttle cars always ready to take you to where you want to go. All in all, our stay was wonderful and would recommend the resort to anyone who wants to get away from it all!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CPMoser
<Content>Quiet, Relaxing Stay       Entranceway to Punta Cana  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>SoyMeche
<Content>Operation: Caribbean Solo Escape SUCCESS!!!       Breakfast at the Resort  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jerseynurs
<Content>Horrendous experience Nothing positive to state about my stay @ Punta Cana Hotel Resort- The room was dirty and smelly- Bed linen and towels were repulsive--Believe it or not was laying on a hammock and was sprayed with insecticide all over-- and was told by workers not to worry that they were merely spraying bugs and that this was customarily done daily @ 6 PM- There was only a very small part of the beach that one could bathe in- the rest was dirty and dangerous--No life guard on duty!! you swim @ your own risk!!!--Food was High School cafeteria quality and overly-overly priced- Nice ocean view but did not compensate all other aggravations- will never go back to this resort and would not recommend anyone to go there.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LLTB
<Content>A Bad Choice We stayed here for one week. We will never go back; we travel all over the world and have very reasonable expectations. We were woken up every night to the sound of people screaming. It was the WORST service that we have ever seen. The room wasn't that clean and the walls are very thin.The food was so bad that we would split a main course, so we wouldn't have to order two meals that are 5x over priced. Bad expensive food. When we were treated poorly, I contacted Nicholas at guest services, I told him what we were unhappy with and he wrote it down and nothing ever came of it, not even a sorry. The grand finale was 40 minute check out because of mistake that THEY made on our bill and were going to charge us for it, so we almost missed our flight while we waited for them to fix their mistake. The only good part of the trip was the beach. Beautiful beaches with nice shade and chairs. We loved the water and water sports, but that was the only highlight. I would not go back and I would not recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>landona_grandamerica
<Content>Great place for romantic getaway for 2, not so good if you want nightlife. I just returned from a 4 night stay at the PuntaCana Resort. We booked it through hotwire for $79. It seems to be on there everyday. It will be the only 4-Star hotel being offered for $79. We actually booked the hotel for 3 nights, and needed to extend for one more day. The front desk wanted $250 to extend another night. We checked out, went to the business center and booked another night on hotwire for $79. It was rediculous to have to pack all our things up and take them to the front desk only to take them back to our room 10 minutes later, but the hotel was not willing to extend the stay for $79. Their loss I guess, because now Hotwire just took their commission.The Punta Cana Airport is actually owned by the resort, and transportation is very easy. Lots of shuttles took out party of 3 for $15. It was a ten minute drive to the resort. This property is HUGE. Miles and Miles and Miles. There are buildings with hotel-style rooms and there are also small beachhouse casitas all over the resort. Because the property is so large, you hardly ever see big groups of people. You can spend the day secluded in a beachside hammock and not have people around you. You can rent a golf cart for $35 per day, but if you consistently tip the bellmen 100 Pesos (about $3) they will take you wherever you want and you won't have any problems. Whenever we needed to get back to the reception area we would call the front desk and a golf cart came to pick us up within minutes. These employees are paid 1500 pesos per week, so a 100 peso tip is very nuch appreciated.The only downfall to this property is the food situation. We had a hook-up at another all-inclusive resort (we had to rent a car to get there) so we did not have to buy any food. There is no city or anything you can walk to and get food. The ONLY choice is what the resort offers, which Im sure is expensive. Sorry, but unless you bring your own food you are forced to eat at the restaurant (probably around $25 USD per plate). You can walk to the employee store which is a 5 minute walk from the reception. Here they have snacks and bottled water for really cheap. If you tip a bellman, they can drive you to the store. They don't tell guests about it to keep them from going there, but they are not going to deny your money once you are there.All in all, if you are just with your spouse looking to hang out on the beach all day with no one around, this is the place for you. The rooms are clean. Ask for an ocean view. It was awesome to sit out on the balcony in the morning and watch the ocean. We also rented kayaks for awhile (FREE) and that was really fun. For $79 per night, this hotel deserved my thumbs up.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>e_manBrooklynNY
<Content>March was a good time to go.       Catch of the day, Mahi-Mahi.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Nightingale0527
<Content>Not bad - Read on We stayed at the Punta Cana Resort and Club from 2/28-3/4.The property is close to the airport, about 15 minutes. Only paid $15 each way for pvt shuttle to the hotel/back to the airport for me and my husband. Quiet, very relaxing, not much nightlife or activities (this is not the hotel for you if these things are impt in your vac). The room was a good size. We were given a sort of a garden view (bldg next to the gym). They provided 2 bottles of water everyday. The audio portion of the TV was a bit messed up so had to rely on the caption feature of the TV. There were a couple of nights that we did not need AC, but could not enjoy the natural breeze as there were no screen doors to ward off mosquitos/insects (this was not a big problem however as they spray regularly).The property is pretty vast. We rented a golf cart for one day just to explore the property. Cost was about $35 for 2 per day. Truth is, you don't need the cart unless you are going to the area where the six senses spa is, and even at that, you can always take the shuttle. Most other areas are better enjoyed by foot - beach, the Ranch (not much to see in my opinion), Tortuga Bay (very nice properties), Eco reserve. The beach had white sand and turquoise water, but not very clean, it had a lot of seaweeds. Was a nice walk though with great views.They have an ecological park with several freshwater lagoons (some you can swim in - very nice, refreshing, swimming with fishes and if lucky, turtles); I didn't care for the hike around the tropical forest, though did it anyway (make sure to use insect repellant prior to the eco tour). Breakfast at La Cana was good with a variety of American and local fare with local fruits, juice bar for smoothies, plus fantastic view of the beach. You are on your own for lunch and dinner. We brought boxed lunches (tuna/chicken salad with crackers, cookie and fruit cup), so had those for lunch. 2 out of the 5 nights we stayed there, we also ate in with cup o' noodles and spam. Also brought lots of snacks to take to the beach as resort prices are ridiculously expensive. We ate at Franco's Pizzeria (which had more mexican selections than pizza ??), Mama Venezia (Italian) and Bambu (French/Carribean/Mediterranean). Sad to say, all were terrible, both in quality and price. Food was not good at all and were prohibitive. For example, I ordered seafood spaghetti at Mama Venezia ($23) and sauce tasted like it came straight out of a can and seafood consisted of mostly chopped up squid. Bread /bread sticks served was cold and stale (think day or days old bread leftover from breakfast?). Ordered chilean sea bass at Bambu for ($47), for that price, was expecting a good size portion. Instead, it was no more than a 5x2 inch piece. Had to eat some more snacks when I got back to the room. Because of the bad food experience we cancelled our reservation at La Yola, supposedly the best restaurant in the property. We tried the six senses spa. We tried their steam, signature facial and massage. Nice ambience with soothing music and aroma. My husband and I both enjoyed it, though it is more expensive than back home.Staff are generally pleasant and try to please, but some are indifferent and do not seem to like their job (eg: people in the activity center, down by the beach where you get towels/rent non-motorized equipment). All in all, I would still recommend this hotel. You can use all the facilities (gold club, tortuga bay) even though you are just staying in the Punta Cana hotel.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>clmcc
<Content>Punta CAN'TA Among all the resorts and hotels we have visited, the Punta Cana Resort and Hotel is the absolute worst. The general approach at the front desk, concierge, restaurants, and throughout the hotel is one of general disinterest and sometimes rudeness. The simplest of exchanges often become a hassle with hotel staff, few attempts are made to provide any real customer service, and the food is appalling. Some of the apparent rudeness seems to stem from a lack of comprehension, but in many other cases it is a very clear lack of proper customer service ethic. Many staff do not greet visitors warmly and convey a sense that they resent their work and are glad to say no as often as possible. When we are told someone will follow up, nothing happens. The fact that an exorbitant service fee is built into the experience is maddening and perhaps explains why there is so little effort to deliver any service. The few exceptions were notable and appreciated but did not outweigh the many frustrating and stressful encounters.The resort and natural environments are beautiful which makes it a great shame that the experience cannot be a more positive one. However, we would not choose to return to the Punta Cana Resort nor would we recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>stylingolf
<Content>Convienient Paridise Two couples from Atlanta...We scheduled this trip last minute based on maximum beach time in just 4 days of vacation and hoping for above average immenities. It met our expectations and didnt break the bank. We had the 2 bedroom beach casitas for 2 nights and couldnt get any closer to a beautiful beach than these fun nicely equipped cottages on the beach. We dont like all inclusive due to the quality loss in the food and acomidations and this property was a nice choice for us as it has many resturants on property but still allowed us to go off propety to the nice resturants of the area and experice the culture. Jellyfish was the resturant we found to be the best. We reccomend this property in just a 3 hour flight from Atlanta and only a 5 minute drive from the airport, we think you would too.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Cdn-Traveller54
<Content>One Night Stay We spent one night at this resort due to weather conditions in Toronto en route from Aruba. Considering the short notice the hotel must have received regarding our arrival, they deserve kudos for their efficient handling of such a large and not necessarily happy group. Check-in was uncomplicated and they had one bar that remained open and the pizza restaurant. This was all inclusive for us. We were put up in Building 35 or Sumbador. Our room was spacious, clean and immediately cool upon turning on the air conditioning. The bathroom was large, clean and had all the amenities one should expect from a 4*+ property. The only compaint was the lack of hot water in the morning.The breakfast buffet was included the next morning. It was excellent with fresh juices, fruit, smoothies, made to order omelettes etc. Check out was efficient as we headed back to airport to continue our journey home.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ASZNewYork
<Content>Wonderful and Restful Vacation We just returned from 10 glorious days at The Punta Cana Resort and Club. It was our fourth trip and perhaps our best yet. The property looked outstanding and the staff was terrific. They have some new faces in Guest Services (Carolina, Nicholas and Milca) along with Karina and Victor who seem to keep everything running quite smoothly. This year, we were even invited to join the chef, Rojalio and the director of Guest Service, Nicholas for an outstanding dinner to show off the new chef's talents. It was delicious and ran from lobster to filet mignon to a pecan tart for dessert.If you are looking for excitement, this is not the place for you. If you are looking forward to total rest and relaxation, it is an oasis. The beach is never crowded and is quite peaceful. The pool at the main hotel is perfect to float in on the wonderful rafts which are provided. The pool at the Golf Club is usually empty and directly abuts the beach. There is a lovely terrace right there for a perfect lunch or drink. The Six Senses Spa is also there at the Golf Club. The mostly-Asian masseuses give Thai massages that rival any spa to which my husband or I have ever been....anywhere.The food continues to be good, but I must say, we did miss the evening buffet at LaCana. LaCana continues to have a wonderful buffet breakfast every morning with everything from an omelette man to a smoothie maker and all things in between. We missed being able to go to the dinner buffet every few days, which we had done in years past...just to break it up and indulge in some of their wonderful salads and vegetables, which are grown right on the property. Perhaps next year, they will bring it back. The restaurants were consistently good and offered us varied menus. We enjoy everything from the fresh fish at the Marina restaurant, La Yola, to the delicious thin-crust pizza at Franco's.The golf course is outstanding and is maintained beautifully. I think the fee they charged for me to ride in the cart (I do not play)with my husband while he played seemed excessive at $40. By contrast, when my husband played at Cap Cana golf course, there was no charge for me to ride along with him. Cap Cana's golf course, Punta Espada, should not be missed. It is about 10 minutes away and well worth the trip.All in all, it was a very pleasant trip, as it has been every year for the past four years.We always rent a golf cart for our entire stay and find it quite enjoyable. It gives us the mobility to go from the hotel to the golf club to the marina without having to wait for the shuttle. There is a reason we choose The Punta Cana Resort and Club each January for post-Christmas relaxation and I hope the above review answers that question.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>koipond4026
<Content>Great place IF you like bugs! We had flight problems in transit from Aruba to Toronto and our flight landed in Punta Cana where all passengers were put for one night at the Punta Cana Resort  Club.Although our recent travel has mostly been to Aruba we have stayed in many Caribbean destinations over the past 20 years.Wouldn't go back to this one if it was all-expenses paid!The room would have been ok IF it wasn't full of bugs (huge spider and hundreds of mosquitoes), if the air conditioner didn't sound like a machine gun, if the food at the buffet had been identifiable OR edible.The front desk called us 4 times between midnight and 5 a.m. with a wake up call that we never requested. We set the alarm for 5 a.m. We didn't need a wake up call at 1 a.m. to confirm they would be waking us at 5 a.m.! Between the calls, the noise of the A/C, and the bugs there was no possibility for sleep. The next morning when we all re-grouped in the lobby to go back to the airport for our onward travel home, almost every passenger had complaints of non-functional lights, AC, televisions, and an wide array of local wildlife in the rooms. Also, it seemed every passenger got multiple wake up calls including 1 a.m. and 2 a.m. to confirm the 5 a.m. wake-up call. Not one passenger I spoke with indicated they'd asked for any wake-up call whatsoever.I believe most of us were in the villas or casitas - maybe in the larger buildings things would have been better. We did not sleep or eat at this all-inclusive property but we would have liked to do both. Just wasn't possible.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>MichiganGolfer
<Content>Great Trip       View from our room.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Scanvest
<Content>Good Caribbean Location if you don鈥檛 need great service and get a good deal       Bar by the Beach  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>rolyexposito
<Content>A pleasant surprise Aesthetically beautiful and unique, staff was very attentive, especially with front desk  concierge staff. The dining options were varied and the food display was excellent. furthermore, they were very caring of my special diet needs and I truly appreciate that. The gym was well equipt and I never missed a beat with my work outs. The location and view from one's balcony is breathtaking. Overall, I give them a very good rating and would recommend the hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>fyreman132
<Content>5 star prices for 1 star service! I just spent two months in this place, from June 26th to August 23rd (for work), and can't say too many good things about this place. I named my experience here A beautiful nightmare. I'll start by mentioning that I was robbed during my first week there. Someone stole my Ipod, digital camera, leatherman tool, and all my computer recovery cd's from my room. Of course I reported the incident but they did nothing to reimburse my loss. About 5 weeks later my cell phone grew legs and walked out of my room as well. So the lesson learned here is USE THE SAFE! The food, I had diarrhea for 6 weeks! Should I say anymore?Cold showers, leaky rooms, doors don't lock, a/c doen't work, floors are extremely slippery when wet (but they are pretty), and the service is painstakingly slow. Oh did I mention the food sucks! The breakfast at La Cana is good only because of the view of the ocean as you enjoy waiting 15 minutes for your coffee, dinner at La Choza is pleasant as long as the tractor isn't out a 8:30 pm dragging sand while you try to enjoy the ocean breeze, and the menu at La Yola is appetizing as long as you have plenty of cash! The menu at Francos Pizza has got to go, because if Dominican food is what you want, it won't be here, in fact it won't be anywhere in this resort. You won't even hear any local music, there was simply no culture in this resort. I might was well have stayed at La Quinta in Central Florida! Oh, l can't forget to mention the night club, the one that has only 1 employee dancing waiting for the guests that never arrive. The crickets in the garden were having a better time rubbing their hind legs.It seemed the only time guests stayed here is when a flight got stuck or was overbooked so they threw them all into this place. Hmmm.........Other than the fact that the location is very nice, I would never want to stay at this over priced motel ever again. There are just too many deficiencies to point out, the best part of my stay here was riding the catamaran, swimming in the springs, and going to the spa. The place is in dire need of maintenance and new management, it has potential, just not right now.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	2	1	2	

<Author>Garyintheus
<Content>Inflexible and misleading Its a shame, the hotel is in a beautiful location but suffers from very poor management and communication. Advertises itself on having 6 or 7 restaurants to choose from. Once arrived we foumnd some evenings there was only one available, plus a pizza snack place.Lost a night because of hurricane Dean and despite numerous negotiations the hotel refused to credit any amount back, not even an amount for food that wasnt taken.Orbitz were just as bad argueing my claim should be with the hotel. The hotel argued my claim should be with Orbitz.The resort has gone drastiacally down hill since we stayed a year ago. The buffet was closed despite advetising its availablity as an option. The resort was nearly empty and I guess there is just not enough business to keep the buffet open.Without boring the reader there were many other small irritating things that were wrong which marred the stay. Especially the inflexibility of one restaurant that refused to serve the children ice cream for desert despite having it available in the restaurent next door, less than 30 feet away. We were told it wasnt Carribean food so the children couldnt have it!Such a shame because with the right management and right investment this place could be a true gem.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>arosa7050
<Content>Beautiful resort This resort is perfectly lovely, and while the service is not top-notch, it is certainly fine. The grounds are beautiful, the beach is terrific (with free kayaking and plenty of hammocks), and the place never felt crowded. For families, there is plenty to do, including the fresh water spring, the ecological reserve, horse-back riding (but don't bother with the $15 photo on plain paper with CD that they offer after your ride -- it's music on the CD, not your photo!), and petting zoo. The food is fine -- the evening buffet is hit or miss, but the Italian restaurant (remember to make a reservation in the am) and breakfast buffet were great. Sitting at the pool (not crowded, not loud), I overheard another guest say to her companion, this really is paradise here. She was right. And for the price, I think one can overlook spotty service. After all, it's not the U.S., and you are on vacation, so try to relax!We stayed in one of the low-rise buildings, with a view of the water beyond the lush vegetation. The spacious room's decor was simple and tasteful, and the porch was lovely.It is necessary to hound the front desk if you want anything. Upon my arrival, I was told to sit and wait for twenty minutes before they would check me in. By the time I returned to the desk and insisted they check me in (it was well past check-in time), it was a full 40 minutes before I had my key. But it is such a lovely place, I didn't really mind sitting and waiting, with my complimentary welcome drink in hand. I would go back in a second.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>mellowmellow
<Content>okay Just got back from a few days vacation at this resort. I went on recommendation from family that has been there in the past. Booked the all inclusive and a junior deluxe suite. Overall the beaches are beautiful and the people are friendly (except the guy at reception on my first day). However, there were some negatives: I missed my flight and called the hotel to see if they were willing to waive the charge for the first night -- I was informed, no chance, whatever the reason I wasn't there, I would still be charged. Fine. On my arrival, the next day, the guy at the front desk couldn't find my reservation -- despite the fact that they had charged me for a room the night before. All the same, after over 30 minutes and a call to the reservation desk, he claimed to find it. When they found the reservation, I then asked to confirm it was a junior suite. The guy told me no, it was a deluxe (standard) room. Only after I noted that I had booked and paid for a junior suite AND produced a print out of my online reservation did he agree to set me up with a junior suite. Not only that, but after they found the reservation, he informed me that even though the reservation was for 4 nights, I couldn't extend my stay even though I had missed the first night. Hilarious and horrible business, I had made no mention of staying an extra night, and obviously, if I had wanted to, I would have had to pay for it. All the same right at that moment, extending my stay there was the farthest thing from my mind.The rooms are nice enough, no view to speak of as the gardens aren't much to look at, but it was bright and spacious. The sheets are thin and worn and the pillows are useless. I would ask for a copy of (and check) every bill you get at the resort. It is important to note that the all inclusive is only worth it if you are going for a short period of time and don't mind eating at the same 2 or 3 places out of the many options everyday. Breakfast is a buffet spread at La Cana restaurant near the pool. Good spread and good view of the ocean. Dinner options are limited to Franco's Pizzeria (which is awful) and Mamma Venezia (italian) and Anani. Venezia and Anani are good enough but it seemed as though at least one of the days, one of Mamma Venezia or Anani was closed. Also, each offers are limited set of entrees and the same dessert menu. Also very disappointing was the lazy attitude of the guys working at the water sports center down by the beach. I would recommend going to this place only if you want to laze by the beach or pool and not if you want to engage in the many advertised water activites on the hotel's website. I wanted to scuba but because there were not enough people interested in doing it, the guys at the center refused. I was informed maybe in a few days if more people were interested. The general impression was unless it was a big group, they were not interested in conducting any of the advertised activities.Overall, my impression (shared with at least two groups I spoke to who had previously been there) was that this was an okay place that used to be reasonably priced, but prices without a corresponding increase in services.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	3	1	

<Author>SOBEMiamiBeach
<Content>Very Good Experience Arrived at the Punta Cana airport (PUJ) and learned that our Avis rental car was located 20 miles away - there is no Avis rental car office at the airport.But, things got much better from there. The Punta Cana Hotel van was waiting outside. We explained our situation, the driver checked with the hotel to make sure we had a valid reservation, then we got in the van and were at the hotel in about 10 minutes.The checkin process was efficient and friendly, the bell staff helped with all our luggage in a very friendly manner.We stayed in one of the beach houses, called Beach Casitas. Definitely worth it - you are a 2 minute walk to the water's edge. Rooms had properly functioning air conditioning, cable/satellite TV and modern bathrooms. (Our beach casita had 2 separate bedrooms and 2 separate bathrooms).The beach is magnificent. A picture postcard of what a beach should be! The entire property was immaculate in terms of cleanliness.Staff at all the restaurants and at the concierge desk were warm, friendly and always willing to help or answer questions.The natural spring lagoon in the Ecological Area is a great experience - you definitely should try it - just remember to bring a towel.Food was ok - 2.5 stars out of 5 for the food.Now, maybe we had such a great experience because we visited during slow season (July 5 through 7). I don't know - but I do know that I would come back to this place.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>melma880
<Content>Very Disappointed Tourist Aesthetically nice, lack of attentiveness with front desk  concierge staff seemed annoyed when asked questions re: resort activities. The dining options limited  food horrible. If have diet restrictions hotel is not for you. No motor activities limited availability for excursions. Room not ready @ ck-in  30min wait. Review bill at checkout for currency errors. Will be BORED if single, professional. Active prostitution in hotel lobby! Brush up on your Spanish otherwise the staff will ignore you. TRULY DISAPPOINTED.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Nicisnewmom
<Content>Great Honeymoon! My husband and I stayed at the Punta Cana Resort and Spa for our honeymoon. We have both never stayed at a resort out of the country but were excited at our first foray into paradise. This resort has many good things about it as well as a couple of things which we both agreed needed some help. First of all the resort is beautiful. I felt like I was in the middle of a Corona commercial every day! The weather was beautiful everyday (90 degrees and breezy), the ocean gorgeous and all of the buildings were very caribbean. Coming from Chicago it took a little bit of time to get used to all of the buildings not having air conditioning (except for our room, which I would like to add was very comfortable) but the breeze was wonderful! The food included in the plan was okay, some was terrific and some not so good but that is of personal taste. The things that were not included in the plan were very expensive. Lunch was not included for us and we spent USD $20-$50 every day for lunch. Of course you could have been more economical than we were, although I have to say that we are not big alcohol drinkers. The drinks were not included and they were also quite expensive (you even pay for water!). This resort is not for people who are looking for a lot of nightlife. We saw mostly families and low key couples. It was the perfect place to relax and enjoy the company of your fellow travelers!Things not to miss: Our favorite thing was the swimming lagoon in the Ecological Reserve! This was a nice and cool place to swim with the clearest water I have ever seen! Don't be afraid of the fish or turtles, they are very people freindly. Watch out for: expensive food / drinks and brush up on your spanish! Most of the staff does try to understand but their english is very limited. They are very receptive to people who are trying to learn spansih. One thing about this resort that we did not care for was that information was not readily given. We had a difficult time booking excursions and were not given very much indication as to what we were in for. I would have liked a lot more information. Also beware that not all of the restaurants are open every night and you will need reservations for all of the restaurants except for the buffet. That really puts a damper on your daily or night time plans!All in all this was a beautiful resort but not one for the extremely picky!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ARK_Travelers
<Content>Scam - OK hotel but management seems to want to run it down MARGIN SCAMThe hotel pulls a double charge scam that nets them at least 3-4% on every transaction. They start off by charging you in Dominican Pesos. Then they convert this to US dollars using a rate which is favorable to them. When it comes time to check out, they convert back to Pesos at another favorable rate - effectively taking a nice transaction spread for themselves twice. When you get your credit card bill, you'll see what I mean. What you are quoted as owing is much less than what you actually pay.We stayed at the hotel for several days and were really looking forward to everything that the hotel offered - beach, golfing, water sports, ecological reserve, etc. Unfortunately, the folks at the hotel would only give us a twin bedroom claiming that ALL the other rooms were sold out for everyday we were there - even though people arrived and left every day! I wondered where our correct room was in all this - we patiently asked several times and then gave up trying to switch to a different room. Management was awful. Some guy named Jose saw the checkin line get really long and decided to duck into the backroom and not help anyone out.Positives:* Many activities: beach, ecological reserve, golf (costs extra), non-motor water sports, etc.* Spacious resort* Relaxing* Lack of college kids partying* People oftentimes seem to keep babies in the baby pool rather than letting them run amok in the main poolNegatives:* Awful management* Some staff were really pleasant but majority were unhelpful* Golf staff was pretty bad all around - caddies, pro shop + hidden extra charges* Food not great* Bar staff* Outdated and unclean rooms* Nobody speaks english and their spanish ain't great either (the resort is owned by some Americans - funny how nobody can speak the language)The hotel was well laid out and really spacious. As other reviewers have mentioned, there are a lot of people here, but it never feels like that with the ample space on the beach and elsewhere.We wanted to find reasons to really like this hotel. But in the end, we had to be honest. Unless management/staff changes occur, we probably will spend our money elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	2	4	

<Author>TT&JJJ
<Content>Spring Break 2007       Family fish pic  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>YetAnotherCanuck
<Content>A wonderful family vacation We stayed at the Punta Cana Resort  Club for 7 nights from Jan. 29 to Feb. 5, 2007. We chose this resort because it seemed to suit all our requirements: a beautiful location, good food, a quiet, dignified atmosphere, and family-friendly accomodations.We stayed in a 2-bedroom nature casita, which was absolutely perfect for us. There were 4 of us, spanning 3 generations. So my husband and I had the queen-bed bedroom to ourselves (including our own bathroom), while our 3-year-old and her grandma happily shared the other bedroom, which had two separate beds (and its own bathroom). The bedrooms were not luxurious, but they were clean and comfortable enough. My only complaint would be the pillows, which were a bit too firm for my taste, and the air-conditioning unit, which I found a bit noisy. But those things can vary from one room to another; my daughter and mother had no such problems. All in all, we got what we expected for the price, and I'd say it was very good value.Each casita comes with an open-air living room, which was important for us because we all had different bedtimes - my daughter much earlier, grandma much later. So the livingroom was a good place to hang out for whomever wasn't in bed yet. There were some mosquitos, but by keeping the two ceiling fans turned on at full speed and using some insect repellent, we weren't really bothered. Our little gecko friends helped out too. ;-)We were very careful never to get any tap water into our mouths, not even while brushing our teeth, and I'm happy to report that none of us had any gastro-intestinal problems. We left a generous tip for the room-cleaning staff every day, along with a note (in Spanish) requesting extra bottled water, and this worked very well: we always had a generous supply of bottled water, enough to take along to the beach, etc.BTW, here's a tip, especially if you're staying in a nature casita: there's a lovely little swimming pool amidst the nature casitas that nobody seems to know about, probably because it's not indicated on any of the maps of the resort. (I guess it's a new pool and it just hasn't made it onto the maps yet.) It's near the south-west corner or the tennis courts, but sheltered by lots of vegetation. There are signs that lead to it if you're in the area of the nature casitas; that's how we happened to find it. It's a wonderfully quiet place to have an early morning dip before breakfast or a cool swim in the middle of the day. It's got a built-in waterfall/grotto feature at one end and an extra-shallow section for small children at the other end. Some lounger chairs too. And because of all the trees around, it gets a lot of shade (unlike the main pool and adjacent wading pool, which get practically no shade at all). We ended up going to this wonderful little pool at least once a day and we usually had it all to ourselves. :-)Our casita was a very pleasant, leisurely 10-minute walk from the beach. No shuttle required, although we could have used one if we had wanted to. Some people rented golf carts to get around the resort, but we really didn't find this necessary.As for the beach, it was absolutely gorgeous and it never felt crowded, with plenty of lounger chairs and even some hammocks. Beach towels too. However if, like us, you require some protective shade to enjoy a day at the beach, you need to get there early to make sure you get one of the palapas. But failing that, you can usually still find a cluster of palm trees.As for the water, it was the perfect temperature and calm enough for smaller children to enjoy. (Yes, there was a bit of seaweed but the staff does a good job of keeping it under control and we weren't bothered by it.) My husband is a serious swimmer and he was able to go for very long swims every day along the whole length of the beach. Other water sports we enjoyed were kayaking and windsurfing. The beach activities staff were always very friendly and helpful. We didn't go snorkelling, though. The water near the beach isn't really clear enough to snorkel and we never got up the momentum to go on a snorkelling trip. However, we did take a guided tour along the nature trail to one of the more out-of-the-way cenotes that is particularly beautiful, great for swimming (though not with small children!) and crystal clear. If we ever go back, that's where I'll be taking my snorkelling gear.Finally, the food. My husband  I are very much into good food and, though we're not food snobs, we tend to travel on our stomachs. The food at the La Cana was, in our opinion, really quite good for a buffet restaurant. Both at breakfast and at supper, there was always a wide variety to choose from (including some local specialities, which we appreciated very much) and, as far as we could tell, the food was always freshly prepared. All in all, we were quite impressed with the buffet offerings - which was a relief because you don't really want to take a 3-year-old to an 脿 la carte restaurant more often than you have to. That said, we really enjoyed La Choza restaurant for lunch: it's right on the beach (very convenient) and the food there was quite good, especially the seafood. And for three or more people, La Choza's local version of paella is worth a try. Another lunch option is the pizzeria by the main pool. Your best bet there, in our opinion, is the pizza. The other stuff we had there was rather forgettable. We had dinner at the Italian restaurant one evening and that was a nice change - mostly for the ambiance. The food there was quite good. But again, with a 3-year-old in tow, it wasn't so good that weren't equally happy to go to the buffet at La Cana every other evening.The staff at this resort was generally very friendly and helpful, especially at the lower echelons. Based on previous reviews, I was braced for a lengthy check-in process upon arrival (at 10 p.m., no less) but it was fine. OK, the front desk staff seem a bit less than eager, but they were always polite. And beyond the front desk, the staff was always extremely friendly. It really does help if you try to speak a bit of Spanish. They genuinely appreciate the effort.If you have children, definitely visit the petting farm and the adjacent ranch. A shuttle will be happy to take you there and pick you up again. My 3-year-old got to ride on a pony for the first time ever and that was the highlight of the week for her. :-)The kids club seemed well run, though there were only two small children using it during the week we were at the resort, so it's hard to tell. And I have no other kids club experiences to compare it to. But the young woman in charge seemed very nice when I chatted with her. (I took my daughter to play in the playground there, but she's still too young for the actual kids' club. Maybe next year. :-)The fact that this resort isn't all inclusive is a bit of an inconvenience at times. Daily additional expenses include lunch, all beverages (except at breakfast) and most of the 脿 la carte restaurants at dinner. Fortunately, you don't have to carry cash around, or even your credit card, since it all goes on your tab via your room key/card, which you use like a credit card. But these separate expenses do add up. Then again, you don't get the heavy-drinking party types at this resort that you might elsewhere. What you do get is a nice mix of families with (usually younger) children, retirees (many of whom come for the golf), and couples who are looking for a nice quiet beach vacation. And they come from an interesting variety of places, too: France, Germany, the UK, Spain, Italy, the US and Canada, among others. We really enjoyed the wide mix of nationalities.To sum up, we thoroughly enjoyed our one-week stay at this resort. For our purposes, it was exactly the right choice: quiet location, beautiful beach, child-friendly environment, good food, two-bedroom + livingroom accomodations. It wasn't all perfect, but it was very good value for the price. We would go back again, and maybe next time we'll spring for one of the beach casitas - a bit pricier but more conveniently located.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>CatznKidz
<Content>Loved this place! We went in February - weather was sunny and fantastic for sailing, swimming , beaching tennis or anything else. Everything was top notch and exceeded my expectations. We didn't even try any of the more formal restaurants on the property because the breakfast and dinner buffets were so good. So many choices, including smoothies made to order for breakfast.  A few Latin specialities too at each meal , which was nice. Service was great and people working there very nice. Try a little Spanish-they are very understanding. Most everyone there speaks English anyway. The nature walks and visit to the animal farm well worth it-check out the huge iguanas! I don't think you would find a more elegant resort that is quiet ,peaceful, beautiful and family safe only a 5 minute shuttle from the airport (very big and modern).  I can't wait to go back and do the water aerobics and morning stretch classes again.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>solotown
<Content>Great golf and food, but other problems I was so glad to find this site and see all the reviews, and that is why I ended up picking this resort. I stayed here from Feb. 18 to Feb 24. I had never been to the Caribbean at all, was going alone, am not a big drinker or party person, wanted a quieter atmosphere, and I'm a big golfer. I had read this had two 18 hole courses, but there is only one, with the other supposed to be under construction but I never saw any indication of that. The course is very nice, not plush but pretty and in good condition, and the holes that run along the sea are beautiful. The 18th is fashioned after the 18th at Pebble Beach. Both 17 and 18 are two that are right along the sea and gorgeous. Cost for 18 is $110 but if you buy a 3 round pkg. you get a break of about $30, which I did. Pro shop staff is great. Eat at the outside grill there after your round. The spa is also at the course and offers many choices with a staff that is very pleasant and welcoming, greet you by name and are eager to please.My problems started immediately upon arrival. They had no record of my reservation. I had the paperwork from the travel agency but still they could not find it and told me the resort was full. I was told they might send me to another hotel. I told them I had been booked at another hotel and switched to this one because of the golf and atmosphere. After 4 hrs of waiting, phone calls to my travel agent's emergency line (it was Sunday), phone calls to the local Funjet Rep (only minimally helpful) and conversations with the front desk manager he finally came to me and said he had a room. So I waited about another hour and a half before it was ready. There was never any apology about not having the reservation or the wait, nothing. During the course of my 5 day stay I heard from 2 other guests that had this same experience. One was a couple with 3 little girls all under 5. I felt bad for them having to wait around after a flight with those children.The room was a typical 2 double bed room, nothing fancy but adequate, and on the beach front. I never could get the fridge to work, and yes it was plugged in, but all I needed was water and I just used ice to get it cold. The a/c fan never would shut off, so if I got cold I turned the cool button off and then just got outside air. It was cleaned everyday and I got the extra water and towels I asked for, but I left trinkets for the housekeeping so maybe that helped.My second problem and a BIG one in my eyes and I left one day earlier than planned because of it: My room got broken into at 2:30 a.m. on the 24th. I was sleeping in it at the time. Fortunately I woke up and screamed and the guy left without harming me or taking anything. But the hotel was just barely apologetic, sympathetic, empathetic, or anything else. I got one I'm sorry from the front desk manager and that was it. When I asked for a refund for the night of the incident and the next night when I would not be there I was told I would have to take it up with my travel agent. I was in a beach front hotel room on the ground floor of the hotel bldg on the end by the marina. I was in the very first room and the security guard's post was right outside my entry door. The intruder entered via the sliding glass door on the beach side (opposite side from entry door). Even though I was a female traveling alone, I never felt like anyone was scoping me out for something like this, watching me, or the like. I am a very careful person and always aware of my surroundings, plus I made sure every night that those sliding glass doors were locked and secured with the metal pin through the frames. But they are old and the intruder got past them without even breaking the lock. My brother has suggested maybe it was in inside job.......I never felt unsafe there prior to this, but if I wanted to go to the lobby or that area after dark I waited for a shuttle or walked with others just as a precaution. This was a very frightening experience.What I have learned from this experience is to always ask for a room on at least the 2nd floor no matter where I am. And I HAVE taken it up with my travel agent and I WILL be taking it up with hotel ownership. I will not return to this resort because of the problems upon check in and their attitude and lack of concern and compassion about this incident.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>rustyztwo
<Content>A good value I'm just back from 6 days at the Punta Cana Resort and Club. While the resort is not quite as nice as the Melia where I stayed last year, it is a good value and a great time!Hightlights: The golf course and spa are both superior - they are located about a 10-15 minutes walk to the left or a 3 minute shuttle ride away. The pool there is lovely and usually empty. The beach is not overcrowded and beach chairs were pretty easy to find. The two ala carte restaurants on the meal plan were surprisingly beautiful and the food was better than expected. The La Yola restaurant comes at a premium but is a charming and delicious place to eat. The buffet breakfasts in the Cana restaurant on the terrace were ideal. We stayed in a standard room which was clean and cool.Not so Highlight: The service is slow and can be frustrating especially if you do not speak Spanish - although the staff is friendly and tries. This is par for the Dominican Republic. They charge you for drinks including water in the restaurants and add a 16% service charge and tax to your check. There is little to do at night outside of the evening show that we managed to avoid each night.Tips: The golf course does not give you ice in the cooler on the cart so bring some in a freezer bag from the room. They give you two free bottles of water each day (and you can ask for more) but avoid taking it from the fridge or you'll get charged. The nature walk has two natural springs that fish and turtles are in, the kids would enjoy feeling them with some bread from breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Vacata
<Content>Fantastic! Excellent! Flawless! During our Feb 10-17th stay we were in paradise. The resort was stunning, staff beyond friendly and helpful and the food was fantastic. A big thank you to Raul  Alexander - you were both so wonderfully helpful  kind! Our kids (5  3) had a blast in the kid's club. A big hug to Marlene at the kids club - you were great!We are looking forward to returning next year! Thank you!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BCRBoston
<Content>Good and Bad First the bad: Due to extreme weather our original flight was canceled and our arrival was pushed back a day. We contacted the hotel directly and notified them and they informed us that Expedia was required to deliver to them a fax as the booking agent. We contacted Expedia and were informed a fax was delivered and confirmed with the hotel later that day we were all set and they scheduled us for pick up at the aiport. Upon arrival however they told us that they did not have a room for us that b/c we did not show on that original date we were a no show even though we talked to the reservation and the room was prepaid which the hotel staff acknowledged they still said that if you did not show the first day the room would be canceled. The hotel denied ever receiving the fax. After haggling with the staff and pleading our case they provided us with a room. The room was fine but was located in the nosiest part of the property which was fine for a couple days but we were clearly given one of the less diserable rooms. Be warned that we did all we could to avoid this and got lucky by getting a room at all b/c it seems that this hotel and others appears to overbook and will bump guests for whatever reasons they can find.The good: The hotel is a very nice property, well maintained with comfortable rooms and nice amenities. Although the hotel was full we never felt crowded (except for maybe the busiest time at breakfast at the buffet). The beach was nice and the water was great. The staff was adequately nice but not sure how good the service would be if you had a problem. The food was decent but you can not drink the water so a word of advice is to bring some water with you as it is expensive onsite without anywhere to purchase it nearby.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>v100
<Content>Unexpected Excellence Revisited This visit - February 10 to 17 - was the second year running we visted the Punta Cana Resort and Club so we had a basis for comparison year to year. How did we do the second time around? Very well indeed. Transport from the airport by hotel car was on time and excatly where it was supposed to be. Because our rooms were not ready (they never are), we had a gratis Planter's Punch at the reception desk while we went through the paperwork. Then, lunch at Franco's Pizzeria, poolside, and the rooms were available.What has changed in a year? Not much. A new room card key is being used instead of cash at all the venues. If anything the food quality has improved in all of the restaurants we visited; La Choza (good hamburgers and excellent fish), La Yola at the Marina (anything is superb and rather expensive and the best Pina Coladas in the area); Mamma Venezia (excellent Italian fare and a most reasonable quality wine list - glasses of very fine red and white house wines are $5-$7 each; and Anani with Carribian specialities in a spectacular room and a most outstanding dessert - Dolce di Leche in a large almond (fortune cookie type) shell. Rich, glabrous, delicious, like molten toffee. The basic buffet restaurant, La Cana stll puts on an extensive display of fine foods for breakfast and dinner. Note - all at the restaurants, drinks - with the exception of coffe and tea - are extra and world class wines are available at very good prices. La Cana offered roast suckling pig (which my wife enjoys) our first night there, so the room business was forgiven.If you need amusement, shows, gambling, etc., the Punta Cana resort and Club is not for you. If you play golf, tennis, the sundry water sports or just want to work on your tan, quietly, this is the place. Couple of advisories: The pizza at Franco's Pizzeria is still the worst in the Carribean. Towels for the pool are now available at the pool - you don't have to shlep them from the towel place on the beach. If you have T-Moble cell phone service, check with them to make sure their partner Orange (in the Dominican Republic) is running at Punta Cana. We had no cell phone service with Orange during last week. Watch out for the bargain cigarettes at the duty free shop at Punta Cana airport. The Marlboro cigarettes seem to be locally made and have no Virginia tobacco.We again loved the Punta Cana Resort and Club and will be making plans to visit it again next year.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>quimbydog
<Content>Thought it was very nice - could use some updating I don't understand all the bad reviews - I thought the property was nice enough and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Hey guys - quit complaining about the English problems - it's not an English speaking country! We speak limited Spanish, and we got along just fine. Room is basic and clean, the beds are somewhat uncomfortable and do need some updating. Maid service is thorough and friendly. I thought the food was fine - yes, some things are different, this isn't the USA (rolls eyes) so try something different! The buffet is OK - it's a buffet, folks, what do you want? The reservation restaurants were very good and reasonable with some nice wines. The Pool lunch place was good as well. We had fun in the disco/lounge - yes, there was a lot of local music - it's the DR! I think you catch my drift here - enjoy the differences in culture or stay home. I would come back again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>YrMajesty3
<Content>Incredible Resort!!! First , know that I am a bit of a foodie and a heartless customer service critic. I spent a good deal of time researching this resort and was disheartened by a handful of negative reviews in the past few months. I prayed that I didn't make a mistake with this choice.My fears were completely without merit. Our experience was fantastic from the moment we walked into the lobby until checkout. I do agree that my husbands fluent spanish was very helpful. I don't speak spanish but still got great service!We were 2 adults and 3 kids (10,12 and 13). We wanted a do-nothing 5 day casual beach getaway. We got it ....and with the best service in a gorgeous, well maintained resort. I ran into several other very discriminating American travelers who all agreed. We just could't figure out how anyone could give this place a negative review! Especially for the environment.Meals at the buffet ( beautifully situated to lookout over the beach and ocean) were very fresh, high quality and well done with so many choices that never bored. We also really enjoyed the beach grill for excellent seafood (we ate in our bathing suits). Service at both places was extremely friendly and efficient. We stayed in a beach casita (room 410) which was just perfect!Complete with open air living room featuring mature coconut trees and tropical plantings. It was literally on the beach within an easy walk of everything. I highly recommend this type of room stay....really unique! However, others we talked to really enjoyed their more traditional rooms....they all have beautiful veiws. Lots of folks used golfcarts to get around but we didn't find it necessary for our room location. The beach was clean and gorgeous and an intimate but quite adequate size. Better than a postcard. Seaweed was cleaned up every morning in the wee hours. But it was never that much to begin with. I'm not a fan of the sun, so I was happy to find much shade under the many coconut palms and grass umbrellas on the beach. My hubby had a great time utilizing the free catamarans, kayaks and windsurfers. A very short walk away was part of the eco-park with several picturesqe hidden swimming holes......really cool! I really enjoyed my books in such a majesic environment.Definately do the 2 hour horseriding excursion. You walk to the ranch where there are many well kept and healthy horses. They give you the choice to walk, trot or gallop on the beach and resort compound(which is immense). If you want constant activities....this is the wrong resort for you. If you are a golfer, you will be extremely happy. Some of the very well travelled golf folks said that this resort offered the best golfing they've ever had. Another couple had a great spa experience with a Thai Massage. Don't bother snorkelling here...nothing to see. We were never charged for the the dozen water bottles we were supplied with every day just for the asking. They keep the minibars unplugged unless you use them (not broken as was mentioned by another poster). No bugs anywhere ( and we were in an openair beach house ). Plenty of beach towels and chairs. The pool area was a very pretty and pleasant environment to read and suck back a potent coco-loco rum drink out of a fresh coconut......get one. The freshy made pizza at poolside was fantastic! I could go on and on. My only complaint was that the airconditioner was unusually loud in the beach villa and my stay was a little too short. I would definately go back to this resort and even bring my parents. Perfect for the older folks.Email me if you'd like more specifics. Oh, and don't tell too many people about this place!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klausBoston
<Content>wonderful people We stayed 9 days in the hotel and these were wonderful days. The most striking was the excellent service, and that the hotel staff always smiled and was extremely friendly and helpful. I have been in many hotels, also in the Caribbean, and the friendliness of the hotel staff was truly outstanding. Indeed, this is the first time I am writing a review but I promised myself I would do so for this hotel. The food was good, the cassitas we had were very nice, it was a great vacation!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>djbrot
<Content>A Horrible Start The review here is simple- Its an absolutely beautiful property,however the rooms need care and the the help needs to understands what the word service means.Our trip started out by being informed that the Casita we had booked and payed for 6 months ago was not available and the best they could do was put my family in 2 adjacent rooms. Highly disappointing at best. We did find tour experince was pervasive as we talked with many guests.After getting past that downer we realized how pretty and unhurried the property was, we were never crowded and the beaches were great. It was a great week to lay back and do minimal activities. This is a place to unwind not a place to be active all day.The food was passable at the included retaurants and very good at the pay as you go ones.The golf was phenominal with green speeds close to my own clubs.Downsides- as mentioned the service was horrible, they have to learn to smile, stay focused in a task, not talk to their friends while helping you, and how to honor any kind of reservations ( i think dinner reservations were simply suggestions!!) to make it short- this is like my old report cards  could do better this place has so much potential but is run by incompitant help and needs a complete managment re-d0 to reach its full potential- would not go bac even though i loved the grounds.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	1	5	

<Author>JMSBoston
<Content>A lovely time spoiled.... What a shame! This property has much to like. Lovely grounds teeming with native birds and beautiful flora. Handsome, if faded public spaces. Great golf. Very good tennis courts and a head pro (Felix) who is excellent with all levels and ages. Nice (but not great) beach - only 30 feet of which is easily swimable, and much of which is covered with seaweed and a surprising amount of trash. Good (not great) food. Nice pools - including a hidden pool by the tennis courts. Nice horseback riding experience for all ages. Good water sports. However, the service experience was absurd! A literal laundry list of irritations including:- missing room reservations on arrival compounded by surly, not my problem front desk staff - preponderance of staff that doesn't speak any English - sheets that don't fit the bed (perhaps they don't have fitted sheets in the DR)- next day laundry that never shows up and requires several phone calls- activities staff (for bikes, carts, etc) that is rarely at their desk, and when there is surly at best...no bikes today- mini-bars that don't work- A/C that doesn't work - insufficient beach/pool towels, beach chairs, wait-staff- random items that appear on all bills, and are waived only if questioned at check-outThe ownership has really dropped the ball. This is a resort that has clearly seen better days and a management team that needs to be given a wake-up call. What could be a great family vacation spot is well on its way to becoming a bargain basement facility better suited to the transient flight crews that fill the lobby each night than upscale travelers looking for a nice getaway. Perhaps if management was spending less time and money building gazillion dollar golf chateaus, they would have more time and attention for the base facility.Important note - you can't drink the water in the DR (or even brush your teeth with the tap water). First hand experience shows that one accidental mouthful in the shower and 36 hours later you are bent-over in cramps and on you way to the resident Doctor. While that is the case everywhere in the DR, at this resort, it is made more galling at this resort due to the fact that water bottles cost $1 - 2 each and are a constant challenge to find - make sure to buy extras at dinner and bring them back to your room.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	2	2	

<Author>Jonath
<Content>A Mixed Experience December 30, 2006Just returned from 8 nights at the Punta Cana Resort. Overall a positive experience, but an odd one. What follows is feedback that I would have found helpful before picking this resort.Overall: the property is large and beautiful, reasonably well-cared for, a little shabby in places. It is quite laid-back and if you are looking to just collapse and do nothing in a warm undemanding enviornment, then it's a perfect choice.Activities: We did the 2 hour horseback ride which was great - a group of 9 guests are attended by 3 helpful and sweet guides, and we were taken all over the property. The horses are all well-cared for, responsive, and I felt safe, even for a first timer going at a pretty fast pace. Katia, who seems to be the manager ( or one of the managers) of the Ranch is very informative and fun and helpful. However, the activities office, where horseback riding, water activities, local tours outside the compound, bike rentals, golf cart rentals take place, is a difficult and hostile office. Next door to the ranch is a delightful petting zoo, with well-tended animals in a shady welcoming enviornment. Kids loved it, as did their parents.The main pool is delightful, clean and big and with a good vibe. And housekeeping is terrific - very thorough and friendly.Food: A real mix. The best restaurants are Yolla, a sensatonal grill by the Marina, La Chosa, also a grill right on the beach ( their grilled fish is superb ). Bamboo is pricey but fun and tasty and the best service of any of the restaurants. Mama Venezia also has delicious food but sketchy service. Anani feels like a bunch of kids are playing at running a fancy restaurant - disorganized, slow, and overcooked food. La Cana, the main buffet where most people do breakfast and dinner is mixed - main meat courses are quite good, desserts are showy but not so tasty, the fruit is bizarrely tasteless, inspite of it being a tropical location. The worst is a place called The Grill in the newer Toranga part of the resort. Openly hostile service, inetable food, they refused to wipe down the dirty table etc. etc. Downride mean.A few more cons: The air-conditioning in 2 of our 3 rooms was broken and incredibly loud - after repeated calls about it, they finally sent someone from mantenance to the villa at 9:30p when the kids were asleep. Just bizarre. The internet service is ancient and constantly breaking down - if that's important to you, don't come here, it worked maybe 5% of the time. And lastly, the service, or rather the mood of the employees, is all over the map. Particularly in some places, like the Sundry Store and at the Front Desk, it is actively hostile, with the employees basically baiting the shoppers, assuming they don't speak any Spanish.Overall: it's got alot to recommend it but there is a feeling that the money could be better used elsewhere. It's not wildly expensive but it's hardly a bargain either. What I have taken away from the experience is that I would rather spend the same bucks at a nicer place and stay a few less days. Hope this helps!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	2	1	

<Author>SeekingAdventure
<Content>A wonderful place to stay!! After reading all of the other reviews, I had to write and say that I absolutely love this resort. I visited for the first time in 2001 (as a single traveler) and immediately fell in love with the resort, the people of the DR and the country. I have since been back about 3 additional times. Everyone was so polite. I communicated by either English or (broken) Spanish and seldom had a problem (when in Rome, speak as the Romans do), although I was always able to find someone who worked there who spoke English.I enjoyed this resort because it was so intimate, anywhere else, I would've been lost in the sea of people. I went horseback riding, I took the day trip to Saona Island, I learned to scuba dive, went snorkeling, swam, enjoyed the beach  the associated activities, swam in the Lagoon (Ice Cold), went to the nightly shows and walked and enjoyed the grounds and along the way I met  enjoyed people from everywhere. I have stayed in both the hotel and the beach villas - they were all clean and welcoming!. When I first started going, it was all inclusive, I haven't visited since the resort went a la carte. There was an office there which assisted the guests with excursions and I utilized them each time I visited. I never had a problem with service. I even sprained my ankle there on one visit and the resort  medical staff on site were always helpful and respectful.Although I loved this place when I first visited, I am now even more bias than before, the last evening of my first visit there in 2001, I met the man who eventually became my husband. We returned and had our nuptials there (Oct '03) with 30 family  friends in attendance. They all absolutely loved the resort and the beauty that it offers. I look forward to my next visit.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>arbqueen
<Content>Beautiful but boring! We were a party of 12, (three families) Kids ages ranged from 6 to 19. There was absolutely nothing for the teens to do at night and there were no other teens on the property to hang out with. The disco was all Spanish music and not much fun for the Americans visiting. The staff speaks very little English, and although they appeared to be very friendly, it was quite difficult to communicate with them. We wanted mayonaise and they brought salt, we wanted powdered sugar and they brought ketsup; it just went on like that, which got annoying by the third day! The bugs are horrendous at the buffet in the morning, so if it's cool outside you need to sit out there. None of the food or drinks were very cold, nor was the coffee or tea very hot. Everything was just luke warm. The food was so so; two of the kids got sick on the last day and of course we were careful not to drink the water unless it was bottled. I do not suggest going there in the summer months, as it will be unbearable heat. The rooms are kept extrememly cold, however the wall a/c units are loud and will disrupt your sleep. The mattress is as hard as a board and although we stayed in the beach casitas with a gorgeous view, we were quite disappointed in the room. It was small, and not well lit at night. The walkway at night is not well lit and the floors throughout the resort are quite slippery, so be careful with the shoes you bring. All in all, the resort is beautiful just as nature intended it to be, however, we all felt as though we were truly in a very poor country as the accomodations were fair at best. It's a wonderful place to escape to for complete relaxation, and I suppose if you take alot of board games and drink alot of alcohol you will make your own fun, but don't look for entertaining shows at night and don't expect much from the disco because it's just not there. Personally, I don't think think we will ever go back .  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ahdzp
<Content>need some renovation, Maybe a 3star or less         
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>merlot59
<Content>Good Vacation- Depends on What You Want! July 28- Aug 4, 2006We just returned from Punta Cana Yesterday. We are 2 professionals with teens aged 13 and 15.We travel to a different destination each year for summer vacation and picked this resort because we wanted a 2 bedroom beach villa, that was close to airport. (Didn't want to take all day to get to LA Romana) The resort is beautiful, as was our beach villa. There were 2 very private rooms, but we were unable to enjoy our open air living room due to mosquitos, and they were also a problem at nite in the rooms. We brought 3 cans of bug spray and used all 3.The food at the lunch and evening restaurants was excellent, but there were problems with the buffet. (I am not a buffet person).The butter was rancid, even after I brought it to their attention. The milk was not cold enough for teens to drink, and bugs again were an issue for me.The beaches were beautiful, but I thought too much sea weed. The kids were not affected, and we all loved using the kayaks, hobie cat, and wind surfers. They took us out snorkeling, and that was also fun. ($24.00 per person/hour for snorkeling)Beach bar service was limited in that the beach waiter left at 3:00 and the beach bar closed at 4:00.( We stayed on the beach till 5:30)Deep Sea Fishing was beautiful, but quite rough. We took Meclizine prior and I highly recommend that approach. Only caught a baracuda, but saw beautiful dolphins. ($125.00 per person/ half day)Trip to Saona- DONT DO IT! The resort services failed to tell uswe had to leave before breakfast (or room service available), and that the trip took 3 hours there, and 3 hours to return. (Very long trip for 2 hungry teens) The catamaran to Saona was great but basically a booze cruise. They had Coke, but no bottled water even for purchase, and after what we had brought was gone- that was a problem. Food on Saona not great. We cancelled both horse back riding, and Bavarro Runners trips. No one wanted to leave the resort again. ($85.00/person to Saona)Golf course was spectacular, but water only available at the turn. Bring 5-6 bottles when you set out. (There is no drink cart that comes around)Absolutely no activities for teens outside of the water sports. In the evening the fooseball, ping pong and pool were not available. During the day there was no organized soccer, beach volleyball, etc. One nite there was a Latin Dance show, otherwise- nothing else. If your kids only want to read or watch HBO, that would be great. (ours are more active) We tried to take the games in the beach activities center out for the evening, but that was not permissible.There was nothing written in English that gave you all the information you needed- like restaurant times, available activities, a resort map, an island map, possible excursions with costs, daily activities, etc. I realize that not speaking Spanish, and going to a Spanish speaking country is my problem, however had everything been written in English, it would have saved me a lot of time and effort. We enjoyed our family time together, and thought the resort was beautiful, but had some expectations that were not met. We would have enjoyed a relaxing week had my husband and I been alone, but it was not what we had hoped for entertaining our kids.For the above reasons, we would not return. If you are traveling there or plan to I would be happy to provide you with any information I can- email me : merlot59@yahoo.com  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RTill
<Content>Wonderful Vacation Spot !!!! Outstanding vacation. Where are the people? From what I read in other reviews...my commnets.......1. Service was outstanding. Lobby, bars, restaraunts. Can't figure out what anyone could complain about.2. Food was good to very good. Youth loved the buffett and 'create your own pasta dish'. I found the other (non-buffet) restaraunts very good, and, did I mention the service?3. Charges to the room - I don't know, too many Presidentes on the bill to keep track. Didn't care !!4. Things to do - went snorkeling twice, 4 wheeling on the beach, played golf twice (beautiful, yet difficult course), got massages, deep sea fishing, water polo in the pool, rested under beautiful palm trees with a pina colada. You get bored, it's your own fault5. The biggest fear - the weather was great. DON'T worry if the Weather Channel has you for 60% showers every day. Its the tropics, they're clueless (unless there's a hurricane in the neighborhood). I had rain showers predited every day - we saw 1 late day thunderstorm, 1 everning thunderstorm. Otherwise great great weather6. Most everything is open air - no AC (only 1 restaraunt we went to had AC), but, with the wonderful wind off the water, no need. Mid 80s and very comfortable - more tropical in morning than late in the day (mid-June)7. Yes, there were some ants in the 2 bedroom Villa bathroom. Don't leave anything to eat on the counters, they'll go away. A shot of bug spray helps too8. Yes, there was some seaweed. The beach is manicured every morning, all seaweed removed, if you're squeamish about stepping on water grass, go around it. 9. I never got a single mosquito bite - and I'm usually the 1st to get them.....10. Nobody in the family got sick in any way. Ice cubes are made from bottled water, have at it. Leave $5 on the counter in the room with a 'mas agua por favor' note and you'll have enough in the room to stay liquidated, brush teeth etcI've been to the Caymans, Aruba, Jamaica, Bahamas and now the DR. This place is #2 on my list of all the islands above (sorry, had a great time in the Caymans 10 or so years ago). I'd go back in a heartbeat. The only complaint I have is that I have to fly thru Miami International Airport to get there. That place is a mess. Be sure to have at LEAST 2 hours between flights on the way home if you're stuck going thru Miami.....  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RoColorado
<Content>Relaxing Value Vacation My husband and I went to the resort in late May/early June for 8 nights. Overall, it was a relaxing vacation spot and the hotel was very nice, but not in a luxury class. For the money, it was a very good value. The room was spacious and comfortable. In addition to the two included meals, they provide a few free bottles of water in the room each day. This was nice given how hot it was. We only needed to buy a few bottles at meals and on the beach; and they were reasonably priced, so I do not see the need to carry water with you.The beach was beautiful ,white sand and the surf calm. Although the hotel said all the rooms were full, the beach and pool were not crowded. The included non-motorized water sports are a nice benefit, although the equipment could have been in better condition. The diving and snorkeling were also not very good, not much to see on the reef here. It was a pleasant place to lay in the sun or under a palapa and read or rest, and swim in the ocean. The pool was also fairly uncrowded and quiet, with the exception of when there was a water polo game going on. They had free floats for the pool, and enough for all those who wanted to use them.The music at the beach and the pool got monotonous, especially after 8 days. They only had one CD they played over and over. It was nice when they forgot to repeat playing it.The food was good, but not exceptional overall. The breakfast had a wide selection, including cooked to order eggs and smoothies. The dinner buffets had a nice salad bar, but the rest of the food was average. They tended to overcook the fish at La Cana. They did have pasta every night as an option. The food was better at the table-service dinner restaurants which were included in the meal plan, but there were only two and you need to make reservations. We especially like the mushroom canneloni at Mama Venezia. Lunch is not included, but the pizza restaurant by the pool had good really tasty pizzas. The service at the restaurants was good overall.The shopping at the nearby shopping center was so limited and hardly worth the 15 minute trip. As our luggage was delayed on the first day, we needed to get some essentials at the gift shop at the hotel. It had a very limited selection, and was very expensive as we expected. I would recommend carrying a swimsuit , sandals, and sunscreen in your carry-on just in case. It also is not open in the evening.The nightlife was limited to the bar and a small disco at night. The disco played the music so loudly, you really could not talk to anyone. They did have some live music as well, again played so loudly, that we chose not to dance in order to spare our eardrums.The service at the hotel was average. We experienced a few problems, like not being picked up at the airport with our pre-arranged shuttle from the hotel. The staff at the water sports center did not go out of their way to provide windsurfers. We really felt like we were imposing on them, even though the equipment is included, and they were just sitting around. Even speaking Spanish did not seem to help much. There wasn't consistent service for food and drink on the beach or by the pool, so be prepared to walk over to the restaurants to get snacks.Check your bill for incidentals, as we had a few charges on our bill that did not belong to us. The hotel deleted them in the end, since we had copies of the receipts for the charges we made.We did not really see the need for renting a golf cart to get around. The only area that is a distance away is the spa and golf course buidling, There are free shuttles there and back all day long, although they do not run on the posted regular schedule. Make sure they plan to bring you back to the hotel,though. We waited over 45 minutes for a return trip, despite numerous calls to the hotel desk and the service posted as running very 15 minutes. Occasionally the golf carts and shuttles were annoying, as they shared the pedestrian path and some people drove too fast and close to the pedestrians.This was a good bargain vacation and a great place to just relax!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breathtaking resort a friend and I stayed at the Punta Cana Resort for four days. before we selected this resort we read the reviews....and have to disagree with some of them...check in and check out was fast, no more than ten minutes, the staff was on top of everything and extremely gracious (despite language issue)..the pool and beach were fabulous, the room ( junior suite deluxe) was beautiful..no bugs, mildew etc.... my only problem was the food...although the restaurants are nice...the food is not great...the breakfast at La Cana is good if you stick to the grill ( eggs and pancakes made to order) and Anani has really good shrimp/ crab spring rolls, the lobster and salmon were totally dry and overcooked. One tidbit if you go shopping in Bavaro please check exchange rate and know peso to dollar rate...they will try to rip you off.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gregghamer
<Content>A Fabulous Vacation First and foremost, this is an excellent facility and is one of the most beautiful settings you will find at any resort in the Caribbean. We visited for Memorial Day weekend with two families (10 people) and were immediately met at the airport by a hotel rep who whisked us through immigration and took us right to an air conditioned bus for our 15 minute ride to the resort. We stayed at The Resort and Club, not at the much more expensive sister resort Tortuga Bay, and were very pleasantly surprised with the service, accommodations, food and the entire staff at this resort. We are discriminating travelers and have had the good fortune to have stayed at some of the nicest hotels in the world and I can honestly say that, while this is not The Four Seasons, it is only one notch below Four Season stature. The staff and management were extremely accommodating and could not have been any nicer to our group. Check in was a breeze and all of our reservation requests were perfectly met including being assigned two beautiful 2 bedroom beach villas right next to each other. The food at all the different restaurants was very good (again, not Four Seasons but quite acceptable) and the breakfast buffets were outstanding. (the setting alone at breakfast was worth the price of admission) The beach, pool and mariner were never crowded and were as nice or nicer then those at most any other resort in the Caribbean. Overall, for the money, Punta Cana Resort and Club is one of the best bargains in the Caribbean and you will not be disappointed. With the following additions, this would be a world class resort: towel service at the pool; nicer furniture and better lighting in the rooms and waiter service at the beach and pool. I highly recommend this resort for a very relaxing vacation in a beautiful setting and I congratulate the management for a job well done.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! Best Vacation ever!       The beach  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure Relaxation       True Relaxation!!!  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bulwark0904
<Content>This Resort Had to Change It's Name: Bad Reputation Warning! This is the infamous Punta Cana Beach Resort (which had several negqative reviews at debbiesdominicantravel[']) with a new name and -finally- some new buildings (bungalows previously used were not even weather-tight, rain seeped in through the walls). Beware of surprise extra credit card charges, the staff was furious when I had the dominican money to pay for phone access charges to 1-800 numbers, they really wanted my credit card number. Very isolated and this re-invented resort no longer even pretends to offer much in the way of activities. Having been to Punta Cana and the north side of island (Sosua), I highly recommend sticking to the much more popular north.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LouisaAtlantaGA
<Content>This felt like an exclusive private resort !       ahhh a day on the water  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Princessnaughty
<Content>Anniversary Relaxation Paradise       Reception  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing family and famil orientated- exceeded expectations. Just returned from a wonderful stay at the Punta Cana Resort and Club. The hotel was very well maintained and set in beautiful grounds with a lovely stretch of beach. All the staff were exceptionally friendly, and helpful. The hotel was very family orientated, with a good range of day time activities, but without any hype. The food was good - especially the breakfast buffet - way way better than we'd expected as it was included - they make yummy smoothies with fresh tropical fruits. Good watersports, and tennis as well. We were there over Easter Week which was very busy but standards were not compromised in any way by the large number of guests ( the hotel was actually full) Would return in a flash given the chance! Contrary to other reports I saw on the trip advisor we found check in very fast an efficient, and they gave us a room with a sea view at our request.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lovs2Travel
<Content>Most Beautiful Resort In The Caribbean! April 7-11, 2006: The Full Honest ReviewCheck In: No problem. I even arrived before the 3:00pm check-in time and only waited out 15 minutes. The front desk personnel assured me it would be worth the wait and they were right! I got a third story room with a beautiful ocean view!Staff: Always very helpful and polite.Weather: Perfect! I had 4 full days of sun and not a cloud to speak of! I watched the sun rise over the ocean every morning. What a treat! (Note: last year I did have rain, but just like anywhere you live or stay, the weather is something that cannot be controlled and can鈥檛 be bad or good all the time)Beach: Immaculate! The site is right on when it states 3 miles of beach. It took me about 45 minutes to walk from one end to the next. Usually I had the whole beach to myself. It was amazing! The water is clear and the sand is soft and white. Yes, there is a little seaweed that some might complain about, but what do you expect to wash up out of the ocean?!? The beach is perfect!Pools: The main pool is nice and clean and has plenty of chairs and also floating rafts to lounge on in the pool. I highly recommend the golf club pool. It is at the far end of the beach past part of the golf course. It is about a 30 minute walk (or 5 minute golf cart ride, but why spoil a good beach walk) from the main restaurant. The pool is a bit smaller but that is the attraction. I spent every morning at the beach there and barely bumped into anyone until a little later in the afternoon. It was truly relaxing. The bar staff was great. I ordered a few sodas and they were so prompt in service and made a good effort to make friends.Accommodations: The room I had was newly remodeled and beautiful. It was kept spotless by the maid and stocked with water every day! There were no bugs in the room.Grounds: Beautiful! There is so much room at this resort! There is plenty of room to walk aroundFood: The main buffet (La Cana) is right on the beach. The view is spectacular. The staff is so attentive and the food was great! I just ate fresh fruit for breakfast and dinner and one evening they had steak and seafood skewers that were incredible! As I didn鈥檛 eat too much I did notice the wide variety. There is something for everyone! Ecological Reserve: Beautiful trails! The walk takes about 1 hour just as the sign says. Do use bug spray on the walk though. I got several bites. However, I really could care less about a few bug bites when I heard birds singing and butterflies flying in front of my face like something out of a dream!Ranch: This resort even has horses, goats, cows, chickens, and iguanas on the farm. Check it out! It is a nice addition to the resortActivities: This resort is designed for relaxation, not excitement. You can kayak, sail, swim, walk, golf, and relax until your heart is content. One night they had dancers and another night I saw they were playing a movie on the big screen. I was there to relax, so the lack of entertainment was just fine with me.Excursions: I didn鈥檛 go on any since I visited the country last year, but I would highly recommend a Jeep tour of the countryside or visiting a local town for shopping. Higuey was about 1 hour by taxi and seemed to have plenty to do.Check out: After reading the reviews I was a little concerned about how my bill would look. I had made and received several phone calls (mainly local to a friend in the nearby town of Higuey). Check out took me 5 minutes and my bill was $2.00 US! That is it!! Travel tips: Take $1鈥檚 for tipping and make sure to leave the maid a nice tip. They work hard! Just a few dollars a day is nice. Take aloe, because if you are fair skinned you will get burned. Thankfully I am not but I saw a lot of red people. Take snacks for lunches. That will help cut costs a lot. Plus, when you are busy swimming and laying out in the sun lunch just doesn鈥檛 seem all that important.Summary: I am 100% sure that I will return next year! This resort was nothing short of perfect! I wanted to relax in paradise and this is it! Any of the negative reviews should be ignored entirely! Everyone I talked to at the resort was having a great time! Also, I have been back for 2 weeks and still feel happy and relaxed! NOTE: If you are looking for free drinks and lots of drunk, crazy people to party with this is not the place to go!! If you have any questions please feel free to contact me at kari.anne@yahoo.com. I am happy to help!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rikkilyn860
<Content>Loved this resort - truly an escape from the hustle and bustle We stayed in a Junior Suite for 10 days and had the best vacation ever. This is a relatively new location in the tourist game and they are doing very well. Don't expect the caliber of service you may get from locations that have been doing this a LONG time (Hawaii, etc.). The staff were polite, the room was beautiful, the food was o.k. - trying to be American - I would have preferred traditional native food - a few problems with money because we brought travelers checks and little cash (big mistake). We went to some of the other hotels which were in very public locations and didn't like them at all. This resort is private - 15,000 acres - private beach, security (not really needed), store, small bank, etc. You don't get harassed on the beach by vendors, very nice place. We will definitely go back this year. Absolutely beautiful golf course - I don't golf but I loved driving the cart for my husband and reading a book, having drinks and getting sun - I would highly recommend this location if you want a private, quiet, romantic, family atmosphere. If you truly want to escape from the world.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GoJags99
<Content>Our Experience was fantastic!       Sunrise  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>golfingcouple
<Content>Golf and Beach were amazing! My husband and Iwent to Punta Cana resort for 8 days in March to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. We are avid golfers...9 and 17 handicap and loved the golf course. We played 8 rounds in 6 days (took 2 days off) and never got bored for a second. Many different ways to screw up a hole! The resort was quite quiet... some families with small children and couples. The beach was never crowded when we arrived mid afternoon.  We were a little surprised at how much we spend on extras. Lunch at the golf course was about $50 if my husband had 2 coronas and I had a glass of wine. We spend tons of $ on the golf course on water and (his) Coronas. I bet we each bought 4 or 5 waters from the traveling cart at $2 a pop. We had dinner once at Cocolobo (golf course) Food was fantastic and service was excellent. Probably spent about $110 with a $45 bottle of wine. We ate twice at the marina restaurant! The ambience and food was perfect. The waiter was a little pushy...wanted an extra tip. We asked for a copy of our bill right after breakfast and I spent about 15 minutes in the room checking it against our receipts. It was correct. Just didn't know what the $20 charge on the first day was. It was the deposit on the lock for the safe. They took that off. Checking in was very frustrating. We arrived at 3:30 and there was only one person in front of us and 4 people behind the desk. We stood there for over 30 minutes! No explanation other than that they are on DR time. Our room was very clean but towels and bedding was worn a bit. Yes, the ac was noisy but needed. There was a security guard outside of our Jr. Suite 24 - 7. Even when I got up at 3AM to go to the bathroom. Only caught him sleeping once. Side trips: We went to Saona Island. Very glad we went but we weren't prepared for the 90+ minute minivan wild ride. It was very educational to actually see the poverty of the island. So sad. The tour guide bailed out on us because he had to have a random drug test mandated by the tourism department (he said) The sub was ok but he got off 1/2 way back to the hotel in his home town. Enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A terrible experience, will never return again This is the hotel that definitely does not live up to their rating and price. I have seen others' reviews on this resort. All the good things they mentioned should be expected for this so-called 4-star resort. I had such a terrible experience. I suppoesed to stay there for 5 days, but couldn't stay any longer after 4 days, so we checked out a day ealier. There are too many bad things to list here. Let me just give you some examples. First, it took us about 1 hour to check-in. 1 HOUR!!! And there was like one person in front of me. I don't know what kind of working pace they are on. The package we got was all-inclusive. And later we were wondering what kind of all-inclusive is that: breakfast and dinner, and we have to pay for drinks! WOW. ALL-INCLuSIVE!!! Here comes an even better one, the first day we checked in, we wanted to reserve a table for the restaurant, and they said it was full. Hmmm, ALL-INCLUSIVE again! So we ended up in the buffet restaurant. The second night we got to the restaurant, we got seated and all other regular routines. Now the real thing start: we are only allowed to order one item out of each categories: appetizer, soup, main course, and dessert. It's ok, we can take that. After the appetizer, it took about 30 MINUTES to get to the soup, then, it took another 45 minutes to the main course. And over there was not bust at all. Maybe totally 1/3 of the seats were full. And there are many waiters and waitresses walking around. Our waiter particularlly seem dont care what we want. I dont care how fancy the restaurant, it won't need to take 2-and-half hours to finish a dinner, and totally 4 dishes. after we got the main course, it took us 5 minutes to finish and run out right-away. Look at the word: RUN! We just can't wait to get out. There are just too many bad things. And one incident has already taken me so long to write about it. Overall, I don't have a good experience, I would not suggest any one going there, and will never return again.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too many problems I concur with the review below. The front desk was a disaster, both for checking in and checking out. It was always swarming with airline personnel and it seemed that other guests could never get any reasonable level of service.Our beach villa was ready at 3 pm arrival (though none too fragrant -- more on that, below) but it still took nearly an hour at that desk to check in after waking up at 5:30 am to get to Puntacana. Oh, and we never got our welcome drink that was part of the deal; we wouldn't have known about its omission except that we read about it later on....The best part about Puntacana was the friendliness of the staff, the beautiful and challenging golf course, and how spread-out it was, affording privacy and plenty of choices for the guests. But the resort is not the feast for the eyes that we've come to expect in the Caribbean: there's lots of cement, very little in way of landscaping or flowers, the beach is covered with seaweed and debris, and the view to the south from the beach is of a construction site in the distance (let's just say there's TONS of development going on down there.)We had one of the more deluxe accommodations, but it smelled dank and mildewy, and the BRs were very dark (no views to speak of, which one would expect in a 2BR beach villa in the Caribbean.) The outdoor LR area always felt very dirty -- yes, of course it was open to the elements, so that accounts partly, yet we've stayed in plenty of other places in the West Indies with similar open to air common areas, and they never felt dirty like this. Our feet were always black walking on the gritty cement, and there were teeny ants that swarmed the kitchen.The beach activities were, frankly, a joke. In 8 days we were never once able to get a snorkel (though we could get masks and flippers most times we asked) because they were always taken. Also, for the entire resort, there was only ONE sailboat. One! The staff member at the beach hut said there were some others but they were broken. Broken seems to be the operative word at Puntacana. The golf cart that we (finally) got (three days into our trip, even though we'd reserved it months earlier) was so decrepit that to start it we basically had to remove the back seat and jiggle with the engine....not exactly the safest or most convenient system, but by that point in our trip we knew that if we asked them to repair it, we'd never see another golf cart for the duration.On the plus side: the food wasn't bad, provided you didn't get stuck at the dinner buffet and figured out that in order to eat at the two other a la carte restaurants on the meal plan (Mama Venezia and Anani) you had to call at 9 am sharp the day BEFORE you wanted to dine; otherwise you'd be shut out. Yes, the service was very very slow in these restaurants, but somehow that didn't bother us much -- you're on vacation, after all, and who wants to rush? The restaurant at the golf club, Cocolobo, which is NOT on the meal plan, was excellent and we splurged and went there a few times. Well worth the added money, and especially because Puntacana is relatively inexpensive.........Which leads to the main point, and that is rates: having been all over the Caribbean at resorts that cost between 2-4 times as much, Puntacana IS a pretty great bargain. So yes in some respects you get what you pay for -- you're obviously not going to get at Puntacana what you get a Mallihouana or Four Seasons Nevis or Sandy Lane -- but you do get enough of the elements you want in a Caribbean vacation, so I say that if you go with relatively low expectations and be prepared to upgrade a bit by going off the meal-plan occasionally, etc., then it's not a bad deal.For my money, though, I'd rather see Puntacana charge a little more and up the basics: get a decent front desk going, freshen those dark smelly rooms, clean up the beach and buy some more equipment, etc. The location and acreage are great -- they have all the elements for a terrific family beach resort -- but the way it is now, the whole place is a near-miss. We will not return.PS No one in our party of five ever got sick, not once!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>funkatymom
<Content>The good, not-so-good, and why we look forward to returning. We rented a 2 BR beach villa and it was perfect for our family of 4. My two boys are 10 and 11. I've been on many tropical vacations from affordable/ basic accomodations to the most expensive/ most luxurious accomodations. I expected this to be somewhere in between and in most areas it exceeded my expectations. I prefer a good middle of the road value anyway.  We came from Texas and my family learned as much Spanish as we could before our trip. The Dominicans and former Haitians working at the resort patiently helped us improve our Spanish while we were there.  I'll share the good and the bad and you can take it for what it's worth, but I want to be very clear that we loved our vacation and would definitely return. The beauty of the water, the beach, the trees, and the flowers makes everything else seem like background music.  MANNERS: Grounds keepers, waiters, bell boys, front desk, and activities employees were extremely polite. We encountered maybe 50-100+ workers and only one rude person amongst them. Our Caddie (PoPo) was the terrific! The caddy my husband had previously spoke badly of the other golfers in the group, offered almost no assistance, and rudely rushed everyone. Don't recall his name and who wants to remember the bad anyway? MOSQUITOS: Repellant is a must. If you are one of the fortunate few to have a beach villa very close to the water, I suspect the breeze will keep the mosquitos away. We went through 1 can of spray our first 2 days and lots more after that. The best spray we used was an aerosol can of CUTTER Family with Deet. As long as we had it on, they stayed away. We also brough a combo sunscreen/bug repellant and it worked well. Had to purchase a bottle for $12 when we ran out.LACANA RESTAURANT (free breakfast and dinner buffets): We thoroughly enjoyed the food. My kids are openminded and we love trying new things. Breakfast highlights were the fresh smoothies and fresh fruits. There were many good dishes at dinner. The kids enjoyed the pasta bar and the whole family enjoyed the 20+ desserts offered nightly. Watch your bill though. The kids joined us without checking in and we caught an extra $20 buffet charge on our bill. It was an accident, but over the course of the week we caught 2 or 3 mistakes on our LaCana bills. If you don't like the drink prices and it bothers you as it did me, ask for your cokes in a bottle. Instead of paying $6 for 3 cokes, we payed $6 for 12 cokes by ordering bottles with separate glasses of ice. Service here varies. They can be extremely slow taking your drink order and getting it to your table. Tips are automatically added, but an extra $1 each time you eat will probably get you quicker service if you sit in the same waiter's section.OTHER RESTAURANTS: We ate at the Italian restaurant once. The service was outstanding. The food was good to great by American standards. The desserts were perect. This is great if you don't like to try everything on the buffett, but we like our variety.POOL RESTAURANT: Slowest service in the world, inaccurate order at our table and 2 tables around us, overcharged us on the bill, but we didn't want to wait for that to be fixed so we just paid it. Pizza was delicious here!RENTING GOLF CARTS: I mistakenly thought everyone should have one. If you plan to play golf daily or close to daily it might be worth it to you. The golf course is an extrenely long walk and the shuttle between the resort and the course does not come every 15 minutes or even every 30. It was at those times that we would have liked to have our own cart. If you aren't playing golf, aren't staying at the nature villas, and have no health problems or feet problems, then you absolutely do not need to rent a cart. We loved our walks and never came back tired from walking except when we started back from the golf course.ACTIVITIES: This is where the resort was lacking. Compared to other Carribean or Mexican resorts, this one is not up to par when it comes to activities. They rarely keep to their posted schedules and often don't show up at all for certain activities. We spent some time asking around about the Spanish class before finding out that we were in the right place, but the activity director teacher wasn't there. When we asked workers about the class, they would say, Let me call my boss. They would tell us where to wait for the class to start. Our first class started 45 minutes late! We weren't angry and the teacher was nice, but we were disappointed. The same thing happened when we showed up for the Bachata dance lesson. It started 30 minutes late. The Salsa class also started 30 minutes late. My kids love archery and it is supposed to start at 4pm daily. We saw the target and the kids went several times even waiting til 4:30 for someone to come. Our trip was 8 days, the archery was only active on 1 day of our entire trip! Someone must have tracked down the activity director that day. The kids wanted to play beach soccer, but again the activites person never showed up. Sailing, wind surfing, kayaking, and water polo were always available during the hours they were supposed to be and the workers were frinedly and helpful. When I went to check out snorkelling fins, I was told they didn't have enough masks and snorkels because those were being used on the excursion. Luckily we brought our own masks and snorkels and only needed fins. THE BEACH: The beach is perfect and we loved it. There are plenty of chairs and palapas most of the time. After a few days there, some chair savers showed up and all of a sudden there were no palapas from breakfast til dinner. As uncomfortable as I was doing it, I slid two chairs away from a palapa so that we could use it. The previous people had thrown a towel and book on each chair around breakfast time and were nowhere to be found. I've decided that if they aren't in the water or nearby for a reasonable period of time, then they shouldn't be marking their chairs. It's disappointing to see 10 empty palapas with saved chairs. After one day of that, I decided to make room for my family. Good stuff: no beach bugs, no mosquitos, beautiful water, and tranquil beach.I would love to learn more about the Dominican Republic, but this was our first trip and we decided to stay inside the bubble. We did no outside excursions.SNORKELLING: Visibility wasn't as good as some places I've been, but the lagoon visibility was great! I'll try an excursion next time.ECO-TRAIL and LAGOONS: We enjoyed walking the trail and spotted a black snake. I'm pretty sure it wasn't poisonous because I saw a picture of a kid holding an identical one. We went in the freshwater spring Lagoon and has it all to ourselves at noon. It was one of the best experiences of our whole trip. Take your snorkles here! The call it the fountain of youth.GOLF COURSE: We've been around, but trust me when I say, the majority of the staff here is stuffy. In the beginning you feel like there are too many of them invading your space. Our caddy PoPo was delightful and if you ask for him, you'll be happy. The course itself is a 10 on a scale of 1 to 10. I loved the bunkers because they didn't slow me down. :-) The water holes were beautiful and it was just perfect. Don't let anything stop you from playing this course while you're here. Bring change for tips. The bar, caddies, and beverage cart did not have change when we asked.2 BR BEACH VILLA: Open living area with 2 fast fans and a nice breeze. Gorgeous landscaping with every color of the rainbow. Maids clean thoroughly daily and leave 2 bottles of water per room. If you take theses to the gym, you can refill them for free. We also chilled them in the fridge. Close toilet and cover drains to prevent mosquitos. It usually worked. Had little itchy bugs in the bed one night out of 8. Overall we were very happy with the accomodations. They provide everything you expect from blow dryer, q-tips, sewing kit, dry cleaning (ready early and didn't cost much more than we pay at home).If you plan to play alot of tennis then you may benefit from staying at a nature villa. If you plan to be at the beach then stick with beach villa or hotel rooms.WATER: You can't brush your teeth with the water or rinse your mouth with it or you will very likely get sick. One of my sons vomitted profusely after brushing his teeth with the water. We brought a vomitting drug with us from the doc and he was as good as new in less than 12 hours. It was the water because we all ate everything we could try and never got sick from the food. I found that covering the faucet with a wash cloth helped me remember. Bring extra toothbrushes in case you forget and touch them to the water. There were 4 of us there for 8 mights and only one of us got sick. He wasn't sick long thanks to the medicine. Check in was slow and they almost placed us in the wrong type of room. We were supposed to get some type of birthday surprise and that didn't happen. Honetsly, we enjoyed our vacation so much that the little things that weren't quite right didn't matter. I'm only telling now so that you know what to expect. If you expect perfection, you won't get it. I've learned not to expect perfection in the Carribean or Mexico, but to expect beauty and a good time. This place gave us both. On a scale of 1 to 10, I would rate it an 8 (taking into account it is in a third world country).Overall we were very pleased with this beautiful resort and their services. Facts: We paid about $4,400 for RT airfare from Houston, 2BR beach villa, including breakfast, dinner, watersports, activities. We paid $100 for 18 holes of golf and $60 for 9. A 16% gratuity was added to all beverage purchases. Drinks started at $2 for water and cokes. Beer, wine, and other drinks were pricey but I don't recall how much. We rented a 4 person golf cart for on day for $40. We feel that we got a reasonable deal on this vacation and good overall value. We were bothered by the drink price gouging though. If a resort can't provide healthy drinking water then they certainly shouldn't be charging extra for bottled water. We usually tip 20% for good service and would prefer to do our own tipping, but we don't own the place.Feel free to email any questions.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PamWestchester
<Content>Don't bother! My husband and my 8 year old twins and I planned to stay for a week during President's Week. What a dump! The bathrooms were laden with mosquitos, the rooms were dirty and the service was really bad. It took forever to check in. When we got to our so-called two bedroom villa, we discovered that what we really had were two rooms that were not adjoining in any way. We ended up moving to another hotel. Don't waste your time!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great once you get past the front desk! We just returned from our trip to Puntacana. I will start with the good things as there were many. Great golf course, great beaches, good diving (ten minutes from beach to reef), great people once you get past the front desk. The food was fine, although I would suggest bringing plenty of snacks and whatever you like to drink because the on-site store offers almost nothing.Now to the things that were very frustrating. We arrived at the airport at about 2:30. Me, my 18 month old daughter and my 3 month pregnant wife. There was no one to pick us up (something we had scheduled and paid for) so we had to take a cab. The cabs should run between ten and fifteen US. Once we got to the hotel, I waited 25 minutes behind ONE person to even be acknowledged by the front desk. When we were finally greeted we were told that our room was not going to be ready until 8 pm that night. We had booked a Deluxe suite and they had apparently allowed a airline pilot to have the room until 7pm! By this time our daughter was delirious from no nap and my wife from no food. We FINALLY got into our room at 8:30 that night . They apologized and offered us a 100 dollar credit. In between checking in and out the trip was great. At check out (another 45 minute ordeal) there were 200 dollars worth of spa charges that I had to convince the front desk weren't mine. Also apparently the maid ahd been making phone calls on here cleaning trips as there were 25 US worth of charges for local calls. I couldn't convince the guy that I nor any of my family knew anyone in the Dominican Republic to call. Finally, to top it all off, they tried to renege on the 100 dollar credit by saying we hadn't used it properly! Bottom line, if they get the problems worked out at the front desk, can have more polite and competent managers than Felix. They could have an great resort. We will consider returning.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise!!!!!!! We just returned from this wonderful resort!NO BUGS, NO BAD BATHROOM EXPERIENCES(because of the water).We stayed 5 nights. It was our first experience in the Dominican Republic! We absolutley loved it in Punta Cana!This hotel is first class. From the lobby on was nothing but relaxing and fun! The people who work here are very attentive to your needs! The first night i thought the shower was broke and called the front desk and they were there in 5 minutes. We just didnt know how to operate shower.(hint-on faucet handle-pull down and turn).Also everyday we left maid tip and she left us more water and coffee on request. The food is excellent especially at Anani and Mamma venezia's! Also the buffet at La cana is wonderful. The beach is quiet and clean(take towels to beach early and put on lounges as they fill up fast especially the huts). Anyway we will definitely go back next year.And the next.......  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rate it a B+ My husband , 3 children (ages 11, 8 and 8) and I just returned from 5 nights at Punta Cana Resort and Club. We went through Hotels.Com and got a good deal on a 3 bedroom beach villa. The night we checked in, we realized that the deadbolt had been removed from one of the doors to the children's rooms. The staff was attentive, friendly and courteous, and it was replaced in a timely manner. The rooms smelled moldy, and the air conditioners were loud and inconsistant (frightfully cold or muggy and hot.) My husband can sleep through anything, so he was content. Although the beach, pool and grounds were gorgeous and clean and the weather was fabulous, we were disappointed that the hotel did a bit of embellishment on their website. It is an enormous place, with many more than 400+ rooms. The Ecological Tour was lead by a non English speaking man who took us through the blazing sun to see a mini zoo and some paltry gardens. The buffet food was fresh but not remarkable, but the service there was hard to beat. Our best dinners were at the Italian and Dominican restaurants, but they took over 2 hours! The Italian Restaurant was closed due to a bug infestastation (I saw thousands of them), and the Italian dinner was served in the Dominican Restaurant. (Buffet is the way to go with children, as they dance afterwards on a nearby stage). Lunches were very tasty, but pricey. Take snacks! None of us drank the tap water, and we all stayed healthy. The Children's Camp was good. Our girls rode ponies and went on a boat ride. The fresh water lagoon is a dream to swim in, and eating lunch at the golf (Tortuga Bay) restaurant was a treat because it was incredibly beautiful. Our children loved it, and we enjoyed our family time with them. If this were an American hotel, I would rate it as average. Look at the Dominican Republic, and you appreciate the extraordinary beauty more than the air conditioner and inconsistant service in restaurants.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>convertibledonna
<Content>Tropical Paradise!       Villa  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>relax and get away from it all Myself, my two toddlers, my parents and my sister's family just came back from the resort. We had a great time. This is not the place if you want activity and excitement all the time. In fact there is no nightlife, very few places to shop(except a small mall by the airport) the closest supermarket is about 1 hour away. Since we have kids, we weren't really interested in these activities so it didn't bother us too much. My family rented a 4 bedroom villa on the golf course and we had a golf cart for our use during our stay. Three people in my party played golf on 3 days and they found the course to be in immaculate condition. My brother in law is a scratch golfer and he found the course to be challenging and loved the course design and ocean views! We went to the main beach every morning and found it deserted despite the fact that the hotel was pretty full. The beach is such a large expanse that you rarely feel crowded there. There was some algae but the resort did a good job of cleaning up the beach in mornings so you didn't really see it. I was very concerned about the water before I got there but they informed me that the water at the villa was filtered. We drank only bottled water but we used regular tap water for brushing our teeth and thankfully none of the kids or adults got sick. We tried the pizza place, the golf clubhouse grill, la choza and la hoya. The food was decent for island fare but the SERVICE was so slowwwwwww. Since we were not on any meal plan - we charged most of our meals and it would take on average 20 minutes to get this processed. This was the only negative that I have to say. All in all, this has been the most relaxing vacation I've had with my kids. Already planning on returning the same time next year!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Relaxseeker
<Content>Great place to relax!       Coco locos from LaChoza on the beach  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unexpected Excellence We just got back from the Punta Cana Resort and Club in the Dominican Republic. In short, we loved it. The basic (Deluxe) rooms were fine, the beaches superb and not crowded - although the resort was at 77% occupancy, and the food was excellent.Punta Cana Resort and Club is Modified American Plan - that is,the guest pays for his/her lunches and drinks (alcoholic and non alcoholic and bottled water). Our tab for lunches, drinks at the lobby bar, bottled water, candy from the Mini-Bar in the room came to just $400 for the entire week.The food is exceptional - the basic buffet for breakfast and dinner is La Cana, a huge open building with a very amiable and very well trained staff. La Cana caters to an international crowd and the selection of foods on offer reflect this. No Starbucks here. This restaurant is free as are the two reservation restaurants in the Reception Building, Mama Venezia and Anani. The wine lists at both are good and moderately priced. The food is excellent.If you have the opportunity, book dinner at Cocolobo in the Club House (about 10 minutes away by golf cart) Marco and his staff produce small miracles of world class food in this Oscar de la Renta designed restaurant. We were astounded by the Tuna Stuffed Tomato in a Persimmon Sauce and would gladly travel to the DR for another taste of this dish. If you want to make a power statement, they will set up a table on the beach for you and your party for only a $200 charge. Highly recommended.Back at the Resort beach(s), La Choza is great for lunch and has a very good hamburger. This restaurant is extra cost.By the pool, Pizzeria Franco serves lunches poolside. Here are some excellent salads, a decent Spaghetti Bolognase, and probably the worst pizza in the Americas. Avoid the pizza - all variations. This restaurant is extra cost.At the Reception Bar, Ramon makes Pina Coladas of rare quality all day.Avoid the offered Lobster Tour. Ours was something right out of the Marx Brothers in a converted school bus with a thatched roof and no springs careening around the back roads of DR at high speed. All in all, a great, totally relaxing vacation. Great accomodations, wonderful food, uncrowded, unmanic, unstressed.We'll go back next year.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ScottSe
<Content>Best Island vacation We just got back from Punta Cana Resort  Club last night and as always its time to write a review. I am an Airline Pilot and use trip advisor for other peoples opinions on our winter vacations. We brought our 2 children and our Nanny. When we go on vacation with the Nanny she is there for vacation not work. The grounds where spectacular. The resort is very clean. We stayed in building 5 on the first floor. It was a good building to be in because it was close to everything. My wife raved about the beach. We typically take a winter vacation somewhere warm every year and almost always end up in the Carribbean. The beach is a long, never crowded stretch of sand that is easy to find shade. I will say this, bring your sunscreen!! My wife is a dermatologist and we had a hard time keeping from getting sunburned! The one negitive we had was if you forgot something from home get ready to pay..Prices where quite steep for sundries..I paid $28.00 for a 5 oz. tube of sunscreen. The beer (Presidante) is about $5.00 drinks are typical Island drinks and are also around $5.00. My kids are 5 and 3. All they need is a pool and playground, this place had both. There was a supervised kids program, but since a family vacation we did take part. Food was above average. We have been to the typical Club Med, Sandals thing and the food was better. Buffet style with good selection. They also have 4 other restaurants availible. we tried the seafood and italian above the lobby. These were very good! we mostly went to the buffet so we sould not bother other guests with the kids, but when we did go up there it was quiet and the kids did well. I am a golfer and got to play 3 rounds. The golf course is wonderful. Pete Dye designed it and he did a wonderful job It streches out to 7159 yards and the conditions were excellent! they broke ground this winter on another 18 designed by Tom Fazio. The club owns the international airport so all of the flight crews stay at the resort. For this to happen the airlines have to periodaclly check the resort for food and water contamination for safety sake..We did not drink the water in the rooms, but had it at the restaurants and ice in drinks and we all did fine. The staff did a great job. Reading some of the other reviews made me worry a little bit, but I could tell while we were at the resort some people are made to argue. We see them at the airport everyday. All in all a great family vacation and we will be back next year!! Any questions I can answer, email me at FRTDOG540@aol.com  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Keep this gem a secret Bravo to the staff. They took an incredibly beautiful property and added the genuine friendliness of the Dominican people and came up with a recipe for a great, economical...laid back vacation. I have stayed at Bavaro Beach and Palace- both in Punta Cana. Punta Cana Resort and Club far surpassed both in quality of food, cleanliness of rooms, staff attention to detail! Enrico is doing a great job with food services! This place is the ideal get away destination. No screaming kids- at least not many. No drunks falling into the pool, Just incredible sunsets, astoundingly beautiful beaches.I chose this place as a value and as the only Non- all inclusive resport in the area(breakfast and dinner included) it was so much moe than I expected. Food was above average- remembering it is island food and you don't go to the islands for the food! The property is immaculately groomed and kept. Staff everywhere. So are you getting that I liked this place! WARNING: Ignore any other reviews that complain about the food or the rooms. I was just there 2/5-2/13 and we talked to nobody who was disappointed. Eveb my buddy who is critical and picky said that he was also pleasantly surprised. Go and enjoy. Say hi to Ruth at the pool and to Bianncha the La Choya!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I look forward to my next visit My girlfriend and I stayed Jan 18th -20th. As always we read reviews and took the ones written into consideration. We are airline employees and understand that, a person will have a bad view of a vacation if it starts off bad. We loved it. and as far as the food we never got sick. It is the non potable water which makes a person sick. The food was good and plentiful. I didnt have any issues with my charges. I will return  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better than expected We just came back and loved the resort. The grounds are beautiful and the beach not crowded. It was windy every day. I don't know if that's always the case or just last week. I seldom like buffets but found these to be very good with lots of variety and excellent desserts.I drink beer: Presidente is five bucks and Heineken six in the mini-bar.The people who work there are a real plus; friendly and accomodating.Only two complaints:1. We drink a lot of water and, at two bucks a small bottle, it really gets expensive (we found a free water supply in the gym adn another at the tennis courts)2. Check-out was horrible. Only two in front of us and it took fifty minutes. Everyone's mini-bar bill was incorrect and caused delays while they rechecked.All in all, a great place and we'll go back.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value Although the property is large, if you need to relax it can be done here. For the price it beats most Caribbean escapes. The grounds are lovely, the staff accomodating and the beaches nice. I stayed in a basic room, I was ready to upgrade, but they told me to look at it first...I was pleasantly surprised. OKAY, the morning meal included was fine, ever hear of bacon wrapped sausage? If you chose lunch you were on your own, now about dinner..not the best. The presentation in the a la carte included restaurants was impressive, however for some reason the food wasn't.. The buffet was a buffet, you know what I mean. Regardless, if you need r and r and food is not your only reason to live, this might be the place for you. I was prepared for the bugs, but had no issues. Oh, don't waste your time going to the shopping area near the airport, unless of course things pick up there...unless of course you are a bowler. Think about brushing up on your conversational Spanish.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gailgarcia
<Content>Simply Paradise We just got back from a fabulous trip from Punta Cana. We stood at the Punta Cana Resort and Club. We didn't know what to expect, we heard mixed reviews about it. As the saying goes... see for yourself. It was like paradise. We didn't want to go home. The scenary was breathe taking. The resort was just beautiful, the restaurant's were just great, the food was fantastic, nothing to complain about. Every restaurant was a joy. The wines were excellant, the front bar was enjoyable, we met a nice lady named Delores behind the bar, very friendly person. The people at the front desk were very helpful, they gave us a beautiful room with a gorgeous view of the ocean. The beach was great, it was nice and clean. The poolwas also great. I suggest you rent a go cart, if you can. It takes you all around the resort. It's only three and a half hours away from us and it is worth every single minute. Paradise is not far away.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sharbar13
<Content>bring your imodium! Just back from Punta Cana, this was my second visit and my second time to be disappointed.I was with my two children and yet again we all ended ill and unable to enjoy the resort due to the dire need to be in close proximity to the bathroom!! This was not actually funny as it should have been a great holiday and we had travelled from Ireland. Apart from that, watch the bills if you are not all-inclusive as they tend to be wrong.Unfortunately the staff in the resort don't speak much english and if you don't speak spanish it can be a problem when trying to communicate, I felt at times that they understood what they wanted to understand and if there was a problem they played dumb.On the upside, the children really enjoyed themselves, especially the childrens activities such as the kiddy disco etc...and the beaches were beautiful but not as clean as one would expect. The cost of seeing a doctor out there is over priced also, last year I paid USD150 for a doctor to see my son and prescribe an antibiotic, unfortunately my other child was ill a few days later (the water makes you very sick) and I forked out a further USD80 for the doctor! Where else would this happen?! I guess it's just the Dominican Way! I have left the resort and Island with negative feelings and really doubt I will ever visit again, there are nicer places where you won't be ripped off for bad food and service.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1/2 Wonderful, 1/2 not so wonderful We went from 12/17-24. The resort itself is beautiful! Nice clean pools, pretty beaches, lots of palm trees and chairs. Loved the ecological trail and lagoon. Horseback riding was great. A golf cart makes it more fun-but you must book before you go. We had a 3 bedroom villa on the beach for our family of 5 (3 teenagers, mom and dad) Rooms, beds, bathrooms, Lobby, fitness room, restaurants were all very nice facilities. Golf club is beautiful and peaceful-a great place to spend the day. Now for the 1/2 not so wonderful. The service was not always great. Check out took 45 minutes-and there really weren't any complications with our bill-they were just slow. One guy behind the desk trying to do three things at once. There were other workers-but I'm not sure what their purpose was. On to the food-First let me tell you that we took Imodium with us and we needed it for two of my three kids. They were sick for 24 hours, and we never ate off the resort. My 16 yo was sick enough to make me break into the mini-bar and get him the 6.00 gatorade!! They did provide bottled water in the rooms-which we used instead of the tap water. You can get bottled water at meals -but you pay for each bottle-which I found a bit obnoxious. I think if a restaurant doesn't have potable water they shouldn't charge you-especially when you have it with wine or other drinks. Service in the two sit down restaurants was painfully slow. I like a well paced meal-and can certainly function on island Time just fine-but we waited 20 minutes at least between courses, and frequently sat with empty water/wine glasses hoping someone would notice. One night dinner took over 2 1/2 hours. The food in those restaurants was pretty good-but not huge portions and you waited a long time!!! And when there were only four dessert items on the menu-there was no reason for them to be out of anything-especially if you were the first customers of the evening. No substitution was offered. The buffet was hit or miss-the kids liked the pasta bar, and there were some good things from the grill-but I tried all the salads and didn't like any of them enough to want another serving. Service was a bit better-although one night it took asking three people to get our drinks. They are quick to clear your plate-but unfortunately take your silverware too-so if you come back with a new plate you have to wait awhile to get utensils. But-I will say almost all of the staff were kind and gracious-I think sometimes they just didn't know! All except for an employee at the pool. We returned hot and tired from an excursion (word of warning: don't do the Bavaro Splash!) and just wanted to jump in the pool- but couldn't locate towels. Asked the person behind the pool bar and she told us they had none and WE would have to go down the the beach and get one. She was totally uninterested and unwilling to pick up the phone (right in front of her) and ask someone to do their job. So we did! We eventually got 1 towel-but only by flagging down a manager walking by. We gave up trying to get another! There was really little entertainment at night to speak of besides a 4 piece band in the lobby. Apparently there was a Dominican Folklore show-but that was the night of the 2 1/2 hour dinner-so we missed it. I would probably not return to this resort-while it is a beautiful facility,and I loved the beach villa vs. 2 hotel rooms for our family, I think it needs better management and training of some of the staff in certain areas (maids, waiters at pool and beach were all excellent). I think for the most part their employees are all good, kind people who are eager to do a good job-I'm just not sure they know how to do that. And they certainly need to revamp the front desk-you could miss your flight waiting!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Horrible time The service is awful. You will get sick with the food. They might find additional charges in your bill. Get a safe box.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>family vacation fantastic We are a family of 6 and travelled non-stop to Punta Cana from Philadelphia. Upon arrival to the airport things were a bit slow, but remember we are on Dominican vacation mode! Weather was fabulous, no sweater or umbrella ever neededCheck in was very disorganized but thank goodness the travel impressions company we booked with had an English speaking agent waiting for us at the lobby! Her name was Gabriella and she assisted with the LONG check in process and gave us helpful information in order to have a relaxing week! This area could use some tweeking! (get an interim bill before check out to go over charges prior to the hectic check out time!)Yes it was wonderfully relaxing and everything went well despite the language barrier. We stayed in 2 modest deluxe rooms with an ocean view and it was carribean beautiful! As a family, we probably should of stayed in a villa on the beach but the 2 rooms were satisfactory. (who spends much time in their room anyway?) The maids, Olga and Rosa Maria were very attentive and made sure we had ample towels and extra water bottles. (we also brought water bottles with us as you shouldn't even brush your teeth with the spicket water!)We left $2 daily in each room. We had fresh flowers too in our room. Look out for little bugs though and some missing light bulb or a broken curtain rod etc... and watch your wet bar charges as we were billed for some items and never touched the wet bar. We lucked out as one of the refridgeraters was empty so we stocked our water bottles in there! (ask for an empty wet bar?)The dining was great for us as we liked the buffets because of children who can't stay still long enough for the other 2 restaurants.(there were 3 restaurants offered with the package we purchased.)However there are plenty of places to eat! The food was very good and the selections amazing! As for the staff they were friendly and attentive and very pleasant! Lunch time was not included so we packed and brought small snacks to the beach and ordered frozen drinks at the club house. We also ordered pizza from Francos.We arranged for a golf cart and a word to the wise do this at time of booking and confirm well before arrival! Could be the communication barrier or just disorganization but we did not get a cart until 3 days after arrival, despite my efforts in booking in advance over the internet. Exploring got easier and the kids loved it! My husband even managed to do 9 holes!The resort has 4 swimming pools and the main pool had lots of people in it and the other 3 were deserted! Please note, it never seemed very crowded no matter where we went. The beaches were well groomed where the lounge chairs were but traveling to the club house from the lobby some of the shore line was filled with debris. The help is constantly cleaning, gardening etc... The golf course area is truely gorgeous but lots of developing going on!We ventured into the ecological park and swam in some lagoons! Amazing! We even brought a blow up mat, goggles and snorkels which came in handy in the watering holes and the carribean and even the pool! The horseback riding was fabulous but again confirm your reservations and make sure you have a confirmation!We did go to the galleria(shopping center with complimentary shuttle) and could have easily skipped this adventure as it was a disappointment. Should of stayed back and enjoyed another gorgeous sunset at the punta cana resort and hotel!If you are into relaxing and maybe a little exercise with very little night life. (swimming, health club, lots of walking, tennis etc)this is an awesome affordable place! Lower your expectations a bit and go into Dominican mode and you will return home with wonderful memories!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very lush and tropical The Punta Cana Resort is a gorgeous place. The lobby was my favorite - open air, with nice tropical furniture - a place to really relax and enjoy the beautiful warm weather. The grounds also are beautiful, with tropical trees and lots of flowers. Even the restaurants have a very open, Carribean feel to them. One attractive feature of this resort is the beach villas. While I never saw any from the inside (and another reviewer commented that they need updating), the fact that they are literally on the sand makes them quite appealing (although apparently quite expensive).I was surprised that most of the other reviewers did not like the food. (Perhaps since we were there so long ago (January 2003), there have been changes in personnel.) We ate mostly in the La Cana restaurant and the food was incredibly good - I am not exagerating to say that it's the best hotel restaurant I've ever dined in.There were a few negatives: Our room (a deluxe room) was not particularly nice. The front desk was very inefficient. (It took them about half an hour, with various trips in and out of the back room, just to get us checked in!) The beach was too windy most of the days we were there to do any watersports. (One employee told us this was a fluke; another told us it's almost always like that, so I won't know which is the truth.) And there is some topless bathing.All in all, though, it was a wonderful, relaxing vacation in a true tropical paradise.By the way, I suggest renting a golf cart. It helps you get around and, especially if you have kids, it's lots of fun!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time We just returned from this resort and I found it absolutely beautiful and a huge resort. I was reading the previous review and I have to disagree with some of the comments they made. The room was fine. And they don't only have one pool if they had walked through out the whole resort he would had found out that there is more than one pool. The beach was clean there was some sea weed but if you walk past the La Choza grillthat part of the beach was completely clean of sea weed. This resort is very quiet so if you want to party this is not the resort for you but if you want to unwind and enjoya complete relaxation, this the one. I have to agree that the food is not the greatest (except when we went to Anini restaurant). The desserts are delicious though. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that it isn't all- inclusive. Breakfast and dinner are included in price but you have to pay for drinks; any type of drink alcohol, juice, water, soda (Except during breakfast ). If you're buying lunch, it's very pricey. Please bring mosquito repellent I made the mistake of forgetting mine and when I went to the store at the resort to buy one they were charging 5 times the amount I would pay in the U.S, so try not to forget the essentials. Other than that is great.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what you're led to expect After months of hearing about the Punta Cana Resort and Club some friends and I decided it was time to see for ourselves. The excitement on the drive from the airport rapidly turned into disappointment as we entered our rooms. Before I continue, however, let me note that I travel to the WONDERFUL DOMINICAN REPUBLIC frequently. I've stayed in the good, the bad and the ugly and expected this one to be among the jewels of Punta Cana. Not so.Upon walking into our rooms we first noticed the beds - low to the ground and as hard as a rock. Pillows? Plan to wake up with a neck ache. Better yet, bring your own. In fact, the best part of the room is the bathroom. Very nicely done. I actually thought about sleeping in the tub.Meals are VERY expensive and the food resembles something like clay pigeons (desserts), the muck you were served in the school cafeteria when you were young (mushy, bland, no flavor) and unfortunately, road kill. Funny thing is - it tastes just as I'd expect road kill to taste (the roasted pig served as nightmare fodder for one little boy who ate at the next table). Equally shocking was the prevalence of prostitutes accompanying men from North America. You can assume we wrongly interpreted this but after seeing so many odd-looking situations we asked someone on the staff if this was indeed the case. He confirmed that there are many, many situations like that at the resort.The beach here is awful. We chose Punta Cana because several visits proved to us that this area is the consumate vision of paradise. White, fluffy sand with towering cocunut palms dotting the landscape. But here? Rocky, hard terrain and lots of weeds. The beaches are also very short. Yes, it's also true that the chairs are disgusting. I understand that with constant use they aren't going to be pristine but for a hotel that is positioned as being a five star golf resort, I was appalled.The pool (there's only one) is also disappointing. Not only is it visually uninteresting but your poolmates are a collection of dead insects. Don't plan on getting prompt service at the swim-up bar. On that note, don't expect a prevalence of fresh towels either. We arrived around 4 p.m. and were told the supply was gone for the day. (A very kind pool boy offered to get some from the laundry room for us.)After day one we considered giving up our reservation and heading up to Paradisus for the remainder of our stay. However, no rooms were available. Obviously, next time we come to Punta Cana we'll AVOID the Punta Cana Resort  Club and stay at Paradisus.By the way, the bugs are HORRENDOUS here. Bring bug spray. On a positive note, the staff was warm and welcoming (all except the front desk).  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Samba
<Content>We'll be back! On our car trip to look for investment/rental property in the Dominican Republic in late August, our last leg (a short two days) was spent in Punta Cana, and fortunately spent at the Punta Cana Resort and Club. For people, especially couples, NOT looking for a huge all-inclusive resort, the Club has an enormous amount to offer. The location, only 10 minutes from the terrific little airport and on a lovely piece of property, is very appealing. The sea waters are calm, shallow and clear, looking much more Caribbean than the somewhat rough looking seas where the huge all-iclusives are located. Though it is not as lushly landscaped as the bigger resorts, it is certainly quite tropical in appearance and well maintained. The junior suite where we stayed was clean and inviting with an especially nice marble bathroom. Not the height of luxury, but we are talking about a spacious suite of rooms with seaview and breakfast and dinner for two at only $250 per night. We have spent considerably more than that for modest hotel rooms on other islands, so we found this to be a very good value. Over-all, the staff is very friendly and helpful and will anticipate your needs. We only ate dinner in two of the several restaurants on the premises, and both meals were quite satisfactory. The buffet breakfast was extremely diversified and served in a restaurant that opened onto the sea, providing refreshing breezes. The restaurant was clean and comfortable and a very pleasant way to begin the day. Although I found it inconvenient to lug my laptop out to public areas in order to have gratis high speed wireless connections, I was very impressed that their tech person was there and available at 11 pm when I had some difficulties logging on. One of the highlights of our time there was an early morning swim I took in the large and pristine pool. The only swimmer at that hour, it was especially delicious to do my laps accompanied by the very mellow music playing at the pool bar. This is NOT a jumping, active resort with loads of things to do, but it was exactly what we were seeking and it hit all the marks. I highly recommend it and look forward to returning, the sooner the better!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swillyone
<Content>What to expect at Puntacana Resort We went to this resort 8/17-8/22. We called the resort a few days before and asked that they pick us up at the airport ($35), which was very nice. When we arrived they had a big sign with our name on it and we waited in no lines. She pretty much did everything for us. It was about a 10 minute drive to the resort. The resort was nice and secluded(knowing some Spanish is highly recommended). The first room we had was crap (deluxe standard). It smelled and it was hard to explain it to the housekeeper and at guest services. The housekeeper sprayed some awful spray in the room to cover it up. When the head housekeeper walked in she was coughing so badly she understood the problem and let them know about the room. I went in other rooms and they smelled the same. They offered to give me a different room the next day, but i'm sure it would smell as well. I ended up upgrading (for extra money of course) to a junior suite, which was very nice. The food was average. Nothing was horrible, maybe just questionable (octopus was in some dish). La Cana the main buffet was never crowded. At times I wondered how many people were really at the resort it was so quiet. My husband did have the runs for a couple days. Based off of this website I brought some tums and imodium so he was ok. Franco's Pizzaria was the best place that we ate. The beach was beautiful. The wind never stopped blowing. There was topless sunbathing, but not a big deal. You never have to worry about getting a chair. Like I said, you wonder how many people are at the resort at times, because nothing is ever crowded and it is almost always quiet. We went horseback riding on the beach ($40- for two people). Nice but they give you hardly no instruction or tips about riding. There is no nightlife. There was a show one night, which was entertaining (a band, some native dansing, and flame blowing). The disco was usually empty. Most people were Europeans or Latino. Very few Americans.A good list of things to bring with you are magazines (they are $8.00 in the resort shop), medication (tums, imodium, pepto, tylenol, itch creme for bug bites), plastic bottles of water and soda ($2.50 at the resort and not included in the buffet), snacks (candy bars/chips are very over priced at the shop and mini-bar), and lots of singles for tips. Everything we found was overpriced in general. Bike rental-$15 per person/per day. ATV-$110 for two people. Maybe i'm just cheap. Oh yeah, at the airport we paid $6 for two regular sized sodas.With all that said, have fun.........I did, but I doubt I will go back any time soon.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful family vacation       Evening view of the beach  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>finishpro1
<Content>Oh My God!!! My husband and I stayed at this resort for only one night (thank god) due to US Air messing up our flight. So, they put us here for the night until we could fly out the next day.The room we stayed in was a one level bungalow that looked like it had been built 50 years ago and had never been updated. Don't forget your bug spray if your planning a stay here because they will eat you alive (even in your room). And ant's, well, let's just say they have found out that the doors are not weather tight (matter of fact you can see daylight all around them, that goes for the quarter size spiders and their hundred babies too).The food scared me and my husband. We ate very little during our short stay (which also had to do with the dead flies in the food at the buffet). Be prepaired to pay a pretty penny for drinks. We just had water which came to $4.00 for two (which was rounded up to the nearest dollar since they hate our change)The beach was a course salt and pepper with beach chairs that had body size stains on them (gross!) The sand and water was loaded with seaweed and there was no netting around the outter edge of the swimming area to keep the sea creatures out.The staff could have cared less about you and were very standoffish.After spending a week at the Iberostar Bavaro all of this was a shock to the system. My advise, do some research. For a little over $3,000.00 a couple you can have an all inclusive vacation that will leave you wanting more somewhere other than here.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LovinTheLowcountry
<Content>The truth ArrivingWhen arriving in Punta Cana Int'l Airport, I highly recommend getting the VIP service offered by the hotel. Someone greets you at the plane and expedites your trip through customs while also summoning a porter to help with your bags. I was very impressed with this service and thought we were in for a great experience.The cab ride over was uneventful and a charming driver gave us the highlights as we made our way.Check InOnce there, we were greeted by a friendly porter and ushered to check in. Everything was explained and we were asked to leave a deposit of $25 for the safe deposit key. The staff was uncomfortably inattentive and somewhat laissez-faire about answering my questions. We did receive some cold washcloths for our faces which was a nice touch. Also, the hotel has a standard conversion rate for DR pesos to US Dollars. Everything for sale is in US Dollars. This is so they can maximize the exchange. If you think the DR is a cheap travel destination, think again, this hotel does everything to nickel and dime you and over inflate their prices to reflect common US charges, i.e., a cocktail or beer will run you $4-6 and a hamburger will run you $8. Nothing is cheap here. If cheap is what you're looking for, rent a private villa that come with cooks and maids. It's much more efficient.Room We were checked into our Deluxe Suite which was two floors. The room had marble flooring but the furniture was very worn and in need of replacement. The fixtures in the bathroom were also lacking as well as the fluorescent lighting throughout. Once upstairs, we discovered that the AC wasn't working. I notice a previous review mentioned the same thing. The bedding was akin to something you'd find in a cheap motel. The sheets were very thin and the pillows were very small. Don't expect the heavenly bed. We were very uncomfortable when it came to sleeping. After calling to complain about the air, they sent a crew who re-charged it only to have it blow warm 2 hours later. It took us all afternoon and evening to finally get another room. When we spoke to the front desk, they were very unhelpful. At this point, I wished I were home. It was no way to start a vacation and left my wife and I with the impression that once they have you there, they can treat you how they wish because they know there's no where else to go and you've already paid. This was a recurring theme when it came to service issues.Also, be prepared with bottled water. All the water on the property is non-potable. Don't brush your teeth with it and try not to swallow any in the shower. The pressure in the shower and sinks was abysmal. Be sure to rent a golf cart as the property is expansive and to see it all, it's beneficial to have your own transportation.Getting Around ResortWe found the golf club to be the most relaxing spot. Not only was the pool less crowded, they had a very attentive wait staff that served lunch and beverages. The grounds themselves were very tropical but I do feel the resort could do a better job of cleaning up the debris in the less trafficked areas.FoodThe food was a real disappointment all around. After trying the different restaurants and then the buffets, we really were dissatisfied. All the restaurants were open air which left for a very muggy dining experience. The food on the buffet reflected the temperature as all the breads were soggy, the cheeses overcome with precipitation, the cereals mushy, and the overall dessert bar unappetizing. Everything seemed to sweat except for the hot dishes which were unappetizing in the warm setting. For breakfast, you can wait in line for a custom omelet which was good. At night, the pasta station also had a long line but with slim offerings. Neither sauce was that appetizing. There was a red sauce and a cream sauce and you had a choice of bacon, onions or garlic. Warning: Almost every morning, the hotel allows merchants to set up right outside the main dining entrance. They haggle you and beckon you to see their goods. It is very uncomfortable the way they approach you and hound you. Tip: Avoid them by going in the back entrance. I found it hard to believe the hotel allows them to harass their guests. Besides, the crafts were over priced and not that appealing.The best food we had was at lunch at the golf club. We had grilled kabobs served with french fries. Not my idea of a great lunch anywhere else but when I tell you, the food was the pits all around, take it from me. DepartingYou have to check out at 12 regardless of your airline departure. They nickel and dime you ever chance they get including leaving. For every hour you're there past 12, they charge you $20. I went to check out and requested a printed receipt of all my charges. Be sure to keep your receipts for all your transactions. My total and there's conflicted by nearly $100US. At this point, all the staff shuts down and acts like they don't understand. I also learned that the $25 deposit for the safety box wasn't standard and they asked me who asked for it when I checked in. Luckily, I remembered the guy's name. They still didn't believe me. At this point, I caution guests to ask for receipts for any extra charges. I found it unfathomable that the staff would do this to their guests and risk losing their jobs. Needless to say, I couldn't wait to go home. This had to be the worst vacation ever. It's good if you're in college and don't care about these things but for the money, I would expect better.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>RicardoSonora
<Content>A beautiful and relaxing resort My wife and I stayed at Punta Cana Resort and Club from May 6th to May 14th, 2005. We are in our mid 30`s. Although this review is not about our previous travel, I do have to mention that both of us are experienced travellers that have visited many places in the United States, Mexico, the Caribbean, Europe and Asia. Also, we have stayed in a wide variety of hotel categories.We planned our trip to Punta Cana with little time to do research. We chose Punta Cana Resort based on the combination of ammenities and price that it offered on paper. A few days before our departure, I decided to read some reviews about it and I have to admit that I was quite uncertain on what to expect. I was crossing my fingers beacuse I alone chose the hotel, and now that we are back, I am glad that we stayed there. We had a fabulous time.Here is the review by subjects:Rooms:We stayed in a deluxe oceanview room that was located on the 2nd floor. The view from there was marvelous. The room was comfortable, well maintained, and spotless clean. Everything in the room worked fine and the maid did a good job at keeping the room clean and restocking the water bottle supply. A $3.00 USD tip every other day helped us on getting extra bottles of water.The rooms are not what you would find in The Ritz-Carlton, but they had everything we needed at a beach hotel.Grounds:The grounds at this hotel are a perfect balance between well manicured gardens and luscious natural rain forest. Everything is well maintained without creating a totally artificial ambiance for you.There are palm trees, tropical plants, and ivys everywhere. The resort has its own ecological reserve that is indeed worth visiting. Inside this reserve (ojos indigenas), we visited the natural spring lagoon and the water was the clearest that we have ever seen. Of course, we swam in that beautiful fresh water pool surrounded by rain forest and we had the opportunity of watching the fish and the turtles that were swimming around us. There was nobody else there, so the feeling of peace and the chants of so many birds made us forget that we were in the middle of a resort.The golf course next to the ocean, the club house, the buildings, and all the rest of the facilities were very nice and well kept. The resort is huge, so there are many things to see and do at your own pace. You may rent a golf cart, but it is not necessary. There are little golf cart shuttles that take you everywhere in the resort and they are punctual. Important: No problems with mosquitoes or bugs in this resort because they spray nightly.Beach:The resort has four beaches that are somewhat different from each other. Three of them are located on the main front and one is located in front of the club house (our favorite). The sand in all four beaches is white, but not really soft. There is a coral reef a few hundred yards into the ocean that makes the water very calm. Also, the water has various shades of turquoise color that are beautiful. TIP: get a massage at the beach palapa. The massage therapysts are excellent and the view is amazing.There was a considerable amount of sea weed (it was diligently cleaned everyday off the beach), but that had to do with the season that we were there. Rainfall season makes sea weed season (that is also true where we live) and it makes the water a little merky.The beach at the Club House was our favorite. The club house is very nice and they have a great pool (though we did not use it because we like the ocean better). The beach there is very pristine, the sand is softer, the water is beautiful, and there was much lesser sea weed. There were days that we would lay on that beach totally by ourselves. As a consequence, the beach drink service there was excellent. There are no bothersome vendors at the beach or anywhere nearby the resort. This is very nice given the agressive sales techniques that street vendors apply in the DR. Food  Drinks:Punta Cana Resort is not an all inclusive Resort. Only breakfast and dinner are included in your plan. The food at the restaurants that are included in the plan is good. La Cana offers a varied breakfast that has a little something for everybody. The same for dinner. The Dominican restaurant offers good food and a nice ambiance with live piano music. The Grill at the Club House offers very good food at the beach and La Cocoloba has excellent food with an elegant atmosphere at night. La Yola has also very good food and this rustic-elegant restaurant is located on the Marina. Thus, it offers a special view of the ocean at night. These last three restaurants are not included in your plan and they are not cheap, but they are worth it.WE TRIED EVERYTHING THAT WE PLEASED AND WE DID NOT GET SICK AT ALL. EVERYTHING THAT WE SAW WAS HYGENICALLY PREPARED. You just have to follow common sense rules: do not drink faucet water, do not take too much sun, do not drink too many coconut cocktails.Since the resort is not all-inclusive, there is a wide variety of beers and hard licquor that you can order. Also, the drinks are generously prepared. You do not have to get up every ten minutes to order another watered-down rum and coke.Service:The service is excellent. The staff was always friendly and eager to please us in every way that they could. Some of them spoke English, but of course, speaking Spanish helps a great deal (logical, uh?. If you go to China it helps to speak Chinesse). The resort gets guests from many different countries: United States, France, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden. Is it logical to expect that every employee speaks all these different languages? No!!! If the did, they would not be working at the hotel as waiters!. Thus, either practice a little Spanish or a little patience.The staff really go out of their way to please you at this resort. They were even calling me by my name by the third day. If you want to be picked up by the shuttle at a certain time at your building, they will do it...If you want ice in your room, they will deliver it promplty at no charge...If you want extra towels in your room, the maid will leave them there, etc... The maid even would check on us in the early evenings to see if we needed anything. Ramon (the bar tender at the lobby) even gave us a box of cigars as a present during the last evening that we spent at his bar. It only takes treating people with respect and some generousity to get excellent service.Activities:Punta Cana Resort is a place to relax and find your own activities at your own pace. They offer plenty of activities to do: beach, horseback riding, massages, salsa lessons, sailing, kayaking, bowling, golf, etc.. However, it is mainly a place to relax and enjoy the beauty of the ocean. They also have live music at the lobby bar every night and they open a mellow night club during the weekends. If you want a resort full of people, with loud music, constant activities going on around you, long lines, and lots of kids crying, then you may be better off at some other resort. We went to the caribbean to relax.Punta Cana resort is a beautiful place to enjoy the sun, the caribbean sea, to eat and drink well, and to be spoiled in a rustic yet sophisitcated atmosphere. It is not a massive tourism oriented resort where you wear a wrist band that makes you more of a number rather than a person. In addition, it was a great value for the money that we paid. The fact that the resort is not an all-inclusive reduces the cost per night paid for your stay. Thus, you have more opportunity to choose whether to stay at the resort or to wander around other places, take excursions, etc.. at the same cost.There is lot more to see in DR than what you can see inside a resort no matter how great the resort is. You may want to take excursions to the mountains, to Isla Saona (highly recommended), to Santo Domingo, etc. Thus, you may not want to pay for food, drinks, and activities that you are not going to consume while you are out.As you can see, we highly recommend this resort and cannot wait to go back!  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Travelled Solo I just returned from a three night stay at the Punta Cana Resort  Club. I travelled solo, and did not at any time felt ackward about it. The resort is beautiful, lots of palm trees and flowering plants. The decor is also very nice. The cost of a cab drive from Punta Cana Airport was $10.00. Here was my observation. Pls. note that I am Dominican born. On the way to the hotel, I noticed many Haitians along the roadside, and commented it to the cab driver, who told me that there were many Haitians (that crossed the border illegally) in the area of Punta Cana.At the hotel, I also observed that all the ground workers were also Haitians. A few spoke Spanish, and some did not. There was also a Haitian employed as baggage handler, maintenance workers, etc. I inquired around about the many Haitians in the property, and was informed that they formed part of cheap labor. The workers I encountered in the restaurants, bars, front desk, etc. were Dominican.Speaking to Dominicans in general in the area (cab drivers, etc.), I learned that many Dominicans feel threatened by the situation, because they are being overlooked for jobs, because employers are opting for the cheap labor, and unemployment is high in D.R. LA CHOZA RESTAURANT: Is located on the beach - nice ambiance. Lunch (for one) with soft drink was about $28. The food was good.LA YOLA RESTAURANT: Located in the Marina. I thought it looked better in the picture on the internet. (I preferred La Choza). Lunch (for one) consisting of an appetizer, meal and a soft drink came to $45.00 plus tips. I did not think it was worth it. Food was O.K.FRANCO'S PIZZA: Nice location, near the pool. For lunch I had spaguetti, a slice of chocolate cake, and two soft drinks. Came to about $26. Food O.K.LA CANA: (serves breakfast and dinner buffet): I thought that the breakfast was good. Selections for dinner was very much limited, and I thought that the food was just O.K. However, I liked their deserts and fruits. I must also add, that this buffet was included as part of the package. For the amount paid, I don't think that I could have asked for more. I thought it reasonable.BEAUTY SHOP. There is a beauty shop on the premise. They offer body massages (on the beach or in your room), facials, hair brading, and other salon services. Fees charged appeared reasonable. However, I did not get any of the services, so I cannot comment on it.ROOM: I had a standard deluxe room. Nothing fancy, but very clean, and it also had a balcony facing the beach. I thought it was nice. My only complain was that the air condition did not worked one evening, and it was very warm in the room. I had a sleepless night. I informed a staff member about the problem early the next morning. However, when I returned to the room mid-afternoon, the situation had not been taking care of. I had to inform them again, and then it was repaired. I had air condition, but was not able to adjust it or turn it off.Room service also removed all the soiled towers one day, and did not replace it. Took two showers that day, and had no tower to dry up. At about 8:30 p.m. one of the housekeepers knocked on my door, asking if I needed anything. She had towers on her hands, and I told her I could use one. Strangely enough, the day before another housekeeper knocked on the door in the evening while I was in the shower, she also wanted to know if I needed any towers. I don't understand why towers were not replenished at the time the room was made.The day before my departure the room attendant added some sprigs of flowers to a small plants on a vase in the bathroom. She also created a fan from the toilet paper, and added a flower at the center. Nice touch.I noticed that Dominican guards were stationed at the entrance of the units, throughtout different part of the day.The resort felt very safe, and everyone was very respectful and friendly.ENTERTAINMENT: There wasn't much of that at the time I stayed. However, I learned that they hold a Dominican folklore dance show on Saturdays, and that La Cana Restaurant have Dominican food, etc. on that day. Too bad I left before Saturday. Missed that show.GUESTS: It appeared as if Most airline crews stay at this hotel (pilots and flight attendants) from U.S. and International airlines. Most of the uniforms for international flight attendants were very chic. They often congregated in the main lobby prior to their departures.Other guests: At the time of my stay, there were not many people at the hotel, and this was specially noted at the time of dining. However, of those present, I saw Spaniards, other Europeans, and very few Americans. Not too many children at this time.I was told by a worker that some people went to the hotel for short stays, and by another, that some well-to-do Dominicans stayed for weekends.LANGUAGE: Not all workers at the hotel speak English. I observed that most of the European guest spoke some Spanish or made an effort to speak it.GIFT SHOP: There is a gift shop on premise. It carries some clothing (all white) and some souvenirs. I would only recommend it if you need something at the last minute. Not the best place for shopping.The hotel offers a free shuttle to the Bolera shopping center, starting at 6:00 p.m. I thought that this was a waste of time. No gift shops there; very few establishments, i.e. restaurant, pizzera, ice cream palor, bowling place, video, etc.I got a taxi (through the hotel) to take me to the Bavaro Plaza; a large shopping center, with lots of selections for Dominican crafts, souvenirs, products, etc. The cab fee was $48.00. You can shop for two hours. Pls. Note that many of the paintings sold are Haitians, if you want Dominican, you should state so, and they will show you the Dominican work. I also encountered some Haitian shop keepers and workers at this center. A few spoke Spanish or English, others spoke neighter. Other shops were owned / operated by Dominicans.Do not pay the first price quoted; get them to bring the price down.The cab driver, also gave me a sort of tour of Punta Cana, he showed me where the other resorts were located, and also a few areas where new villas had been built; and we also passed an area completely populated by Haitians. Temporary homes were built there for them, because they were working as construction workers (again cheap labor) for new resorts being built at this time. We also passed another small community of Haitians, and another new area, named Mayombe, or something to that nature, populated by Dominicans that recently migrated to this area (in search of employment in the resorts). I learned that when you go to a resort in Punta Cana, you miss out a lot on Dominican culture / life. Also there isn't much in Punta Cana, outside of the resorts. Lots of forest / bushes/ unused land. I would suggest to those that have only visited Punta Cana in DR, that they also take side trips to other regions of the country, and also go to Santo Domingo (the capital) so that you can really see the country (DR).THE AIRPORT: New, and I thought also very nice. It was quick getting out upon arrival. Nice reception, you are greeted with Merengue music, and girls dressed in Dominican Customs. You get to take a picture with them, that you can purchase on your return trip. Nice souvenir photo. I observed that Mostly all workers at the airport were Dominicans. On departure, I found things a bit more slow with checking in and baggage inspection.GENERAL OPINION OF THE RESORT. I thought it was very nice; beautiful scenery. A good place to vacation for the purpose of relaxation. The staff appeared down-to-earth. They were also very friendly. However, remember that this is not an all inclusive resort. You need to budget for lunch, drinks, cabs, other expenses, tip, tours, and this could add up to a significant sum. As a woman travelling alone I felt very safe. The staff was also very attentive in the restaurants, bars and lobby, etc. They were also very friendly and respectful at all times.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>smiyaj
<Content>Take negative comments with a grain of salt Our family returned from this resort today after spending a week long vacation for spring break. Most of the positive comments written on this site were quite accurate. We found a truly beautiful resort, well-maintained. The staff was excellent and quite eager to please. Language was not a problem as there were plenty of English speaking staff on hand in all parts of the resort. Having lived in the Caribbean for a few years, I have to say that the people of the Dominican Republic are some of the most considerate and eager to please of all the islands.The food was well varied, but again, not spectacular. If you keep in mind that you're in a third world country for vacation, you won't be disappointed. Mama Venezia's was nice, but we found the food selection at La Cana to be just as good. Anani was also nice, but we experienced similar 'short-staffed' snafus as other commenters. Tap water throughout the resort is NOT potable, so you will find yourself paying $2.50 US for a 500ml bottle of water at meals. You also receive water in the room daily at no additional charge. This is noteworthy as our family had to pay for lunch daily and our water bill was $15.00 for lunch plus taxes and gratuity. You'd be better off taking a case of water from Walmart on the plane! La Yola was our favorite......for the food and the view. Total bill for our lunches for 7 days was over $500.00. Plan accordingly.There were some activities for the kids, but this resort is not designed for loads of entertainment. It is much more European in nature and as such, the focus is more on beach and relaxation. While there were more Americans than we anticipated, the majority of the crowd was Spanish, English and French. If you desire relaxation, you won't be disappointed.Our villa was in excellent condition, beautiful beach view. Maid service was daily and again.....no complaints here. Beach chairs were always available, as were pool chairs. The only people who may have had a complaint were those who chose to start their day in the early afternoon. Golf carts were difficult to obtain on Friday through Sunday, but by Monday there were plenty.A note to all of those with the negative comments......please keep in mind that most of the world does not operate on the same time schedule or with the same intensity as our lives in the more industrialized settings. I overheard several comments in the airport about different resorts and 'lazy' staff, lack of food, poor transportation, high costs, etc. This should make us all realize the true benefits we have in our home countries. If your perspective has been derived only through vacations in the Caribbean, I would suggest you consider how these people must live; the limitations they face; and the fact that in spite of it all .... most of them are truly happy and content. If you're a clock watcher or type A personality....you might want to find another place to vacation.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>saladgirl
<Content>so relaxing I almost cancelled this trip based on some of the horrible reviews posted on this site; however, I'm glad I decided to see for myself. I was only there for a three night stay and was only interested in the beach and water, so this was the perfect retreat. The grounds are beautiful and secure and the beach is large and uncrowded. Many people rent golf carts to get around, but I was happy to walk around and explore the place and never felt the need for a vehicle.  The staff is amazingly warm and friendly. Even though my Spanish is pretty much limited to what I picked up when my kids watched Sesame Street, I had no problem communicating since everyone seemed to understand a little English. I have to agree that the food is not so great. I only went to the main buffet for lunch and dinner. The fresh fruits and breads were excellent, but I wasn't impressed with anything else. Don't worry- you won't go hungry since there are many choices.  If you are looking for an exciting vacation with night life, this is not the place to go. You are also isolated from Dominican culture. However, if you are looking for a relaxing, private beach vacation, this place is paradise.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One more thing to look out for I agree with most of the reviews that this property will be just what you expect. It is quiet and the staff is excellent, with one exception. Be careful when dealing with those that greet your vehicle. When we were checking out on April 4th I told the bell captain that Apple Vacations would be picking us up at 1 PM and left our luggage (with Apple tags all over them)with him. At 12:45 we headed out in case the driver was early. The bell captain indicated that the waiting taxi at the door was our Apple Transportation. The car was a regular taxi and the driver was not wearing the typical Apple flowered shirt. This did not seem odd as the driver who had delivered us the previous Thursday also drove a taxi and was not wearing an Apple shirt. Upon arrival at the airport, I gave the driver $3.00 as a tip and he demanded $10.00 which is the normal fare. Turns out the doorman had put us in a regular taxi. The doorman's actions were not a mistake. He even indicated that the driver was definitely from Apple Vacations. Apple officials at the airport were sympathetic but I was forced to pay the $10 anyway. I know I am only out seven dollars but this not make for a happy ending to our vacation.Once again, the resort was excellent. Just watch out for this type of scam.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation at Puntacana Resort  My wife and I just returned from 5 nights at the Puntacana Resort  Club.We flew from NY's JFK on a direct flight that took a little over 3 hours. We were meet at the airport bay a young lady who wisked us through customs. We were placed on an air conditioned van for a quick 5 minute ride to the hotel. The driver was very nice and informative. At the front desk of the hotel they gave us a cold moist scented wash cloth and a welcoming cocktail. Our deluxe room was very clean and modern with a small patio area. The maid did an excellent job and put fresh flowers in the room each day. The grounds very beautful and clean. Staff was busy cleaning the grounds, pool and the beach everyday. The food was good but not great. The Lacana buffet breakfast and dinner were good and staff was very helpful and friendly. Dinner at Mama Venezia and Anania was good but again not great. The service at these two restaurant was a little unpredictable and they appeared short staffed. Both restaurants were very clean and beutiful. We experienced no food realted illness. Drink bottled water. They put 4 bottles of water in your room each day. There were no mesquitos to be found.Plenty of hotel security staff present day and night. The beach and pool were great. Plenty of lounge chairs. Make sure you visit the pool and beach at the golf clubhouse. The pool and beach is very quiet and not crowded. The best food was served at the pool side restaurant, the beach restaurant and golf clubhouse restaurant. Have lunch at these spots. Not a lot of night life, but we went just to relax and enjoy the sun and water. Rent a golf cart in advance because they are hard to get once at the resort. The golf course is spectacular. Improvements need to be made in a slight upgrade on food and ala cart restuarant food service. I will glady go back again. It was a great vacation filled with lots of relaxation.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mkoury83
<Content>Beautiful, but some things to be aware of... Just returned from a brief stay at Punta Cana Resort and Club. This past trip was my third time at the resort, and all three times I go with Domincans.I am decent at Spanish, and never had any problems communicating with the staff at the hotel, and I think the level of service you will recive tends to be better if you at least make an attempt to speak the language. The hotel is dull at night, but I think that has some appeal, because it adds to the isolation/retreat a Carribean vacation should be. I think too often Americans want to have constant stimulation, but here, the opportunity for nothing but total relaxation is possible. Go to bed early, sleep in late is what I enjoy about Punta Cana. I do think it helps to have a person whose native language is spanish, simply because it makes every interation in the hotel easier. The staff is very good, and most communicate easily in English, but as a courtesy, try using Spanish if you can. The pool, beaches, and restaurants are all beautiful, and rustic. Staying in a villa is a must, especially one right on the beach. Overall, this place is not somewhere if you want to have lots of things to do, but if you want to eat well, drink well, sleep in, and take lots of sun, this is definitey the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful place to relax We just returned from a 3 night stay at the resort that was far too short. The pace was leisurely and relaxed - just what we were looking for. We found the service and our room to be mostly great. We stayed in a 2 bedroom villa with a view of the beach right out our front door. Of course, we didn't spend much time in the room - we were on the beach. The beaches were gorgeous and uncrowded. We were able to go snorkeling and sailing for no charge and did not have to wait or make reservations to do either. We had no problems getting reservations for dinner and normally ate from 7:30-10 p.m. or so and then went to the pool or lobby bar for drinks and conversation before we went to bed. Breakfast featured wonderful fresh fruit (the best mango we've ever tried) and lots of other options. We found the staff eager to please us, but we also treated them respectfully and tipped appropriately for their services. They also appreciate your efforts to learn just a few phrases in Spanish, though my husband is nearly fluent which helped. Another big plus of this resort compared to others we've visited was the lack of vendors around harassing you to make purchases. Most of the time, it felt like we were almost the only ones there. The only time we really noticed how many people were there was during meals at the buffet, but even that was never crowded.Also, for those concerned about malaria, we never saw a mosquito while we were there. They must spray like crazy, though we never noticed them doing it. I鈥檓 almost sorry we spent $60 on the malaria medicine before we went. The only bad experiences we had at the resort were with some fellow Americans who were acting, well, ugly. If you expect to go somewhere that is just like the US, with the same pace of life, language, and food, this is not the place for you. Most of the complaints on this website seem to come from people who did not do much research on the resort and what it offered. If you want casinos, lots of free alcohol, and a more Americanized experience, then the Punta Cana Resort and Club is probably not for you. If you want a beautiful, relaxed place where you can act independently to discover your own activities, I'd definitely recommend this resort. We're already talking about going back next year.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wjep767
<Content>Good value, little to do other than golf       3000 bldg from balcony  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Longislandlady55
<Content>Loved the stars and moon lit nights, but If you want to go to a resort that offers no or very little included actvities, no night life and only two night performances in one week that were terrible.And way below what would be considered four star quality; then go to this resort.( not even a piano at the bar! DEAD, DEAD!} The resort itself is beautiful. The service was good. The employees work very hard and were very nice. the food was fair. The restaurants Anani and Mama venezia were quite elegant. La Choza was overpriced ;and I got sick from the food. How ever, Unlike other Punta Cana Resorts that are ALL INCLUSIVE AND OFFER many fun activities, this resort cost me nine hundred dollars more for Lunch.( lunch and all beverages were not included} They are a three star hotel and charge five star prices for meals and drinks.  I just got back from this resort and was extremely disapointed .I saved for this trip to go with my family of four. In order to get any fun time I had to go on paid excursions that also cost alot of money. At the pool, nothing to do. Activities that were listed were rarely announced. My daughter attempted to learn how to wind surf, no help from the beach workers. The only horseback rideing availble was at 11am-12pm. The sun was so hot that my daughters came back sick from the ride.  The hotel Lobby was a great disapointment. It was dirty and the lounge chairs had seen better days. We paid forty dollars a day for a broken down gulf cart that got us around the resort as there was really nothing to do except lay in the sun. My villa was the best part of the trip. It was in front of the beach and there were many beautiful moonlit nights. There was alot of construction going on; so it was pretty noisy in the morning.  I would not return to this place. It is over priced, compared to other and much better real all inclusive resorts where they have fun actvities and nightly entertainment. The advertsiements for this hotel are misleading and even false.The place is BOREING! We took a walk through their nature ecological maze. We got lost. Yes, there were lagoons, but I would not recommend swimming in any of them!Be careful with the souvenir people; anywhere in Domincan Republic. They will charge you twenty bucks for something you can get in the states for three dollars.. Tanned but, Disappointed in Long Island  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back!!!! We just returned from Punta Cana Resort and Club. We were there during Februray vacation and to our surprise it was not crowded but enough people that it felt festive. We had a wonderful time. I have read all the other reviews and can't believe the negative ones. The staff was clean and very polite. Most spoke very little english, but were very sweet and eager to try. They loved the kids and gave them special attention. We never felt unsafe. They have excellent security.Our room was right on the beach and was kept spotless by the maids. (They do like to come a little early though). One day they were having problems and we had no water for about an hour. The resort is not completely inclusive. Included, you have your choice of 3 restaurants. One is the buffet which was good and 2 very nice a la carte restaurants. You need to make a reservation at the 2 a la carte restaurants. Out of the 7 days we were there, there was only 1 night we didn't get in and it was only because we waited untill late afternoon to make the reservation. There are 2 other fine dining restaurants not included. We tried La Yola. You have to go for the atmosphere alone, it is breathtaking looking out over the ocean. The food was very delicious but not very unique. We never had a problem finding a chair at the pool. We loved taking our golf cart over to the club house for lunch. They have a quiet pool and a very pristene beach. Every afternoon there was hardly anyone there. They have 1 gift shop with not very much to buy. My husband was thrilled!! If you plan to use cash bring lots of small bills. Change was a problem is US dollars or Pesos.This resort was a breath of fresh air. You could be as involved or as uninvolved as you wish. They keep things spread out enough so you never feel too crowded. My family and I have made a great memory and would recommend it to any family.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CTNY
<Content>A Great Vacation My boyfriend and I went to the Punta Cana Resort and Club from February 19th- 25th and found that it provided us with everything we wanted in our vacation. The deluxe room was large, very comfortable, right on the beach, and so clean (especially the bathroom, which seemed brand new). There are 3 main beaches at the resort: the beach outside of our room which was really nice and uncrowded; the longer main beach which was beautiful but windier; and the beach in front of the golf clubhouse, which was gorgeous and felt very remote and quiet. The expansiveness of the resort is impressive, for there's a lot to explore. We rented a golf cart for the week and found that it was definitely the way to go-- especially because it allows you to go to the golf area's restaurant, pool, and beach. That area is a must, for the food at the Grill is great and it is in the most beautiful part of the resort. The food at the included restaurants was good as well- the buffet at La Cana is decent, varied, and included in the price of your stay, and Anani, also included, has very good food and a romantic, more formal atmosphere. La Hola is fantastic in its location and decor/ furnishings; we enjoyed the appetizers, but the main courses were only okay and very expensive. La Choza and Franco's Pizza are great choices for lunch.If you are looking for nightlife, this is not the place for you, because it is a low-key resort. We were usually so tired from our long days in the sun that we didn't even care that there wasn't much of a bar scene! There are a number of bars, however, so whenever you want a cold Presidente or a pina colada on the beach it's no problem. The people who work at the resort are SO nice and friendly; the language barrier didn't really matter, for even though I barely speak Spanish we never had a problem getting what we needed or getting around. Although we were there for five and a half days, we wished we had stayed longer because there were things we wanted to do- tour the nature preserve and swim in the freshwater pools, go on a half-day fishing trip- that we just didn't have the time to do. I found the Punta Cana Resort and Club to be beautiful, very well maintained, and extremely relaxing. I recommend it highly. One warning, however: don't take anything out of the minibar!! They completely overcharge you- we have no idea how a few waters and a snickers bar added up to the price we were charged!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Slice of Heaven In January 2005, we stayed at the Punta Cana Resort and Club and had a wonderful time. Before leaving for our trip we read the reviews on this site and were very worried about what we might find and experience. Throughout our stay we could not understand any of the negative experiences that some of the reviewers had at Punta Cana Resort and Club. After traveling around the world - Europe, Africa, the Caribbean, and the South Pacific - we have experienced It can't get much worse than this to extraordinary accommodations/facilities. I would place the Punta Cana Resort and Club at outstandingly civilized and wonderful. If you are looking to spend a vacation with a drink in your hand the entire time and participate in fraternity type activities, this is NOT the place for you. If you are interested in being in a polite and sophisticated environment with some Dominican culture, this place is for you!Our experience was wonderful from the very beginning - they greeted us with cold towels and cold tropical fruit drinks so to refresh ourselves after our flight. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Most of the staff spoke English and those who did not tried very hard to communicate with using our limited high school Spanish. The grounds are a very well manicured, natural environment - if you want perfect go to Disney. We would watch the grounds keepers climbing and trimming coconut trees. They even opened a coconut for us so that we could drink the water. The grounds are very large and you could rent a golf cart to get around. We did not and did not feel as though anything was too far. We stayed in the furthest building from the restaurants and we enjoyed our walk each morning and evening for breakfast and dinner. We also walked to the pool at the marina - no one was ever there so we had a private pool! We also used the pool in the center of the resort and never had a problem finding chairs etc. The food was very good. They had a different theme every night. There are items that you may not have ever had before - but try it. If you need to stay close to the basics... they had a pasta bar, salad and cold cuts each night. I did not have one thing I did not like and I am a picky eater.Try some of the specialty restaurants. You have to make reservations in the morning. We never had a problem getting a reservation. The Dominican restaurant was outstanding with delicious food and wonderful service. The beaches are wonderful and quiet. We never had a problem finding beach chairs right in front of our room. The beach was not crowded at all - plenty of room for all. There was shade provided by the naturally growing palm trees and mangroves - along with some palm umbrellas in one section of resort.One of the greatest parts of the resort is the lack of peddlers, hair braiders etc. hassling you on the beach. Not a one! How pleasant! Local artists were brought in one night to display there art etc. This organized market was very well presented and limited any hassling.Overall, please remember that you are traveling to a different country with a different culture. You could go to any Caribbean resort to get a perfectly orchestrated, sterile environment. If you are going to travel, enjoy the culture and the people of the places to which you are traveling.I would recommend this resort and would be all too happy to return! Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AMR
<Content>Wonderful resort Just returned from 7 day vacation at Puntacana Resort  Club. A wonderful time. The pluses were as follows. Spacious grounds, miles of beaches, lack of crowds, surprisingly very good food at morning and evening buffets, very friendly staff, wonderfully kept grounds. The negatives: minor problems with the room, a few short-lived power losses, rather limited evening activities.  A great resort to go to if you want to relax, spend time on the beach, do unlimited sailing and windsurfing, take some low keyed Spanish classes. Not a good resort to go to if you want unlimited drinks, night life or gambling.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cdn-Adventurer
<Content>VERY DISAPPOINTED Stayed there from the 7th to the 11th of January 2005.The Positives - The room was very nice. The maid was great. The Dominican restaurant was excellent.THE NEGATIVES - WHERE DO I BEGIN!! It was very quiet - so if you want to rest you will!! The food was only marginally passable - relatively tastless and a very poor selection. The grill on the the beach was very expensive and the quality of the food and the service was very poor. The grounds were not very well kept - and the beach was an incredible diappointment. I would never ever stay at this resort again and would never ever recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>poor We spent 4 days on january 2005 in a double bedroom villa. I have to say that service was poor and since now the worst of the more than 25 hotels I have stayed in at the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful vacation, highly recommended It is so humorous to read these reviews and find them to be nowhere near what we experienced. And it sounds like a lot of negativity comes from people who are expecting it to be like home, hello the Domincan republic is a spanish speaking country why should all employees speak english? I speak spanish and found it very valuable in dealing with issues or concerns, but almost all the front desk staff and guest service staff spoke very good english. We just got back from spending our honeymoon their over new years, which they went all out for.The hotel was great, huge, beautiful beach, and if the hotel pool is noisy we found you take a quick shuttle from the lobby to the golf club and the pool and beach were much nicer and quiter. that is where we spent our last two days, but the hotel offers the watersports and you are close you your room, so its good to do both. It is kind of difficult to find a lawn chair if you are a late riser, but always plenty open at the golf club, great bar as well.I was so impressed with the food, even the buffet, La Cana, was fine for breakfast. Then lunch options, the Grill at the golf club, La Choza and Francos pizza were all moderately priced and good. The included options for dinner Mama Venezia and Anani were great, especially Anani, duck, filete mignon, and lobster all on the menu, in a very nice setting. I would however recommend that you pay up and eat at both La Yola in the Marina, which is a Tiki hut over the water, with great sushi and seafood selections, and Cocoloba in the golf club, they were both fantastic. And yes meals do take longer than they would at Outback steakhouse, but whats the rush enjoy yourself, if you have ever been to Europe it is very similar, you have to ask for the check, they allow you to enjoy yourself and not rush you out.Our room was fine, but who is spending time in their room anyway, you are on the beach!I would highly recommend this resort, the grounds are beautiful, and the people are very friendly.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My kids loved this place My family and I spent a week here in April 2004. My husband, two kids (ages 3 and 9 mos. at that time) and mother in law stayed in the 3bd/3ba villa that was 30 feet from the beach. The decor was nothing the write home about but it was functional. The layout of a common area connected to 3 separate bedrooms via a courtyard was a bit problematic for us because of our small children. The openness of the villas were a bit unsettling as well. The location of the villa, however, was awesome. It was private and the beach was our front yard. In my mind, we had the best villa available (excluding the ultra luxury villas). The only thing better would have been an updated kitchen ( it had truly seen better days) and a closed off unit with screens (I was eaten alive by mosquitos - we had to keep our bedroom door open to be accessible to our kids.) The beach was very lovely and calm with cabanas (lounge chairs with permanent umbrellas) fairly easy to get (that's a big plus in my book). The food was not great but there were lots of options. The staff was very friendly if not completely bilingual. There is no spa really. My children and husband had a fantastic time (the golf course is lovely and can be played very quickly). It is not the most sophiscated place and the management is not seemless. Service was indeed slow sometimes but that's not the end of the world. They were lots of families and singles and couples as well. The guests were also geographically diverse. For us, it's nice not to be completely surrounded by folks from the Northeast. My son fell in love with and still talks about the 6 year old daughter of one of the scuba instructors. The reason that I'm giving PCR a 4 and not a 3 is based on the location of our room and wonderful time my kids had. All in all, it's a bit rustic for my taste.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! If you're going away for a weekend, like me and my 17 year old daughter did, or a longer vacation...this hotel is perfect! Yes it is true that the service at the restaurants is slow and very few employees other than the front desk staff speak fluent english, but the positives of this hotel greatly out-weigh the negatives!Some highlights:*Anani-This restaurant should be included in your plan if it is all-inclusive. The menu is made up of Dominican specialties, which are very good! Especially Tres Leches a dessert which is quite scrumptious and very rich, as the menu warns. The atmosphere is romantic and open and warm.*La Cana-This restaurant serves all meals and should be included in your all inclusive plan. The buffet menu is repetitive but you can try a little bit of everything. The food is amazing!*The Beach-Whoever wrote that there was hardly any beachfront was wrong. Granted, there could be more beach-chairs, but i never saw anyone without a place to sit. A word of advice-get to the main area by the activity center early, as the shaded areas go quickly. Just put down your towel and a book and no one will take it! *Horse-Back Riding-The horses are kept at a stable across the street from the resort. The areas that you ride in are in a completely different area than the area you stay in, so it is a good way to sight-see. Some tips:*No matter how you book your trip, call the hotel and make sure they have your reservation! Make sure you do this at least 3 days in advance. We checked on Wednesday (we did everything through travelocity) and they didn't have it. When we arrived on Friday they did. This saves a lot of time so you're not standing around when you get there waiting to find out whether or not you have a place to sleep!*Bring aloe-the only kind they had when we stayed there in mid-august '04 was an after-care moisturizer that contained little aloe and mostly alcohol, which will only dry out your skin!*Wear Sunscreen! This sun is hot and almost always shining, even though most forecasts say it always rains.*Bring an umbrella-you never know when the sky will open up, although most showers last for about 15 minutes.*Bring Immodium and Tums-You'll be okay if you don't drink the water, which is easy to do being that they give you tons of bottled water in the rooms and in the restaurants. You never know when an exotic dish just won't be right by your stomach.A money saving tip-Go during the summer when prices are cheaper and there are less people staying at the hotel. Our room was $80 a night, which doubles during the winter.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific! My wife and I, our 2 daughters (ages 6 and 12) and their grandmother (age 82) had what we all agreed was our best family beach vacation ever at the Punta Cana Resort and Club (August 2 鈥?8). We pre-ordered the hotel shuttle to and from the airport. When we arrived, a hotel rep was waiting at the base of the airplane steps holding a sign with our name on it to whisk us through customs. As we stepped off the shuttle, we were greeted with ice-cold hand-towels. Great!We stayed in a 3 bedroom Beach Villa with a beautiful view of the ocean. The villa consisted of 3 large hotel rooms facing a common court yard and adjoining a large open air great room with louvered windows and doors opened to the sea views and breezes. The great room contains a living area, dining area and kitchenette. Each bedroom has a full bath, cable TV, stocked mini-bar, A/C telephone, etc. The rooms were replenished daily with fresh flowers and bottled water. The court yard is enclosed by a short fence, so it and the great room are not secure, but the rooms themselves have modern card-reader locks and seem very secure. Some of the villas are further from the ocean than others, so try to get one as close to the sea as possible.We rented a four-seater golf cart for the week because my mother-in-law has trouble walking. We used it to go to meals at the various restaurants, to the golf club, and to explore the large resort.The food was very good to great. It was not all New York five star (although our meal at El Cocaloba came close), but it was consistently better than most of the places we have been to in the Caribbean. We all ate the fresh fruit and vegetables and none of us got sick. Even the buffet at La Cana was better than most buffets we have been to elsewhere. The three men who sing Spanish melodies at Anani were just terrific, and we went there twice to hear them sing. The staff members were some of the most consistently gracious, polite, and courteous people we have ever met. Some don鈥檛 speak English, but all are anxious to help if you are courteous and patient. It helped that my wife and mother-in-law are Cuban and spoke Spanish, but the kids and I got along fine even when they were not around to translate.One example of exceptional service: my wife and mother-in-law enjoyed having a milkshake for breakfast made of mamey, a tropical fruit they knew from Cuba that is difficult to find in the US. One morning the buffet smoothie bar was out of mamey. We asked one of the waitresses about it. The waitress learned that the resort would not be getting a shipment of mamey until the afternoon of the next day. The waitress went to the market that evening and with her own money purchased mamey so that we could have it for breakfast the next day! She surprised us the next morning by coming to our table with 5 mamey milkshakes made of the fruit she had purchased herself! We had numerous examples of this kind of over-the-top thoughtfulness and attention.You are provided upon arrival with an extensive activity list, none of which we did. We appreciated that the activities were available and that they were not foisted upon you cruise ship style. No public address announcements, no pressure. We took a power boat ride to go snorkeling, played tennis, visited the petting zoo, went horseback riding on the beach, and went swimming in the beautiful clear fresh water lagoon. Only one cautionary note: our luggage missed our connecting flight and did not arrive until the next day. Although the resort shop carries bathroom sundries and a few bikinis, it does not contain the kinds of shirts, shorts, etc you need if your luggage is lost. And the stores near the airport either closed early or were very limited. There鈥檚 an Oscar de la Renta boutique (not the kind of place you want to go to buy basic necessities)($$$). Therefore, we will remember to pack a carry-on when we go back to Punta Can Resort  Club, but we will definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience My partner and I just returned from 4 glorious days at the Punta Cana Resort and Club. We arrived at the beautiful International Airport via USAirways, and made it through customs in about 5 minutes, and paid a $10.00 dollar arrival tax. Since we did not check luggage, we quickly made our way to the taxi stand outside, and had our pick of eager drivers, all dressed well and groomed, with clean autos. Take one in the beige/sand color as they are official. After a quick ride to the Hotel, about 10 minutes at best, we were quickly checked in and taken to our room by golf cart. The room was a king over looking some gardens with huge palms with the aqua blue Ocean beyond. The room had a safe, and the A/C worked great, at times almost to cold. Well appointed with a spacious bath, and plenty of towels, very clean. Nonsmoking is offered.I would suggest that you rent a golf cart for your stay, $30.00 per day, well worth it, as the resort is huge and beautiful. We spent our first day at the main beach, and had our pick of chairs and location as it is off season in the summer months. Dinner and breakfast was included, and both are buffets in a giant open air Resturant the La Cana, it was a different theme every night, and the food wonderful. Rather large variety of fruits, salads, meats, breads, and Island specials. Service was excellent! We never once had a upset tummy, and we at times drank the water. Bottled water is only a dollar, and fresh ones are brought to your room every morning, Ice can be had at the pool bar.We spent our second day at the marina pool and had it to our selves all day. Very quiet. In addition we tried the Marina Resturant La Yola for lunch it is in a lovely setting with great food but a bit pricy. $45.00 for lunch, we had pasta. We found the Grill at the Golf Club to be a better lunch place, priced about $20.00 and a georgous setting, the pool there we had all to our selves on the third day. The beach was a bit rocky at the Club house but the water was beautiful, and the view magnificent. I must say we had no issues with this resort at all, perhaps because it was off season, sometimes to many people can spoil the experience. The staff was great, and if you can speak just a few words of spanish you will get by fine. The other guests were mostly couples, French, English, German, and Spanish. Also, there were gay couples who seemed relaxed and welcome. I saw only a few kids, there is a kiddie pool and small playground. But the Resort didn't seem to cater to kids, European women do sun bath topless, everyone seemed to be discreet, and mature about it. Do not make this an issue for you not to visit Punta Cana Resort.Since this was our first land resort experience, as we often cruise on Celebrity Cruises, and had high expectations, we could not have been happier. The only negative was a few bugs at sunset so take some bug spray, only a problem one night when the ocean breeze was clam. American dollars are welcome, I would suggest taking several ones for tipping. The big plus was the fresh water lagoon, sooooo cool. The locals use it in the afternoon, so get there in the morning, and take aqua shoes, as the rocks are slippery. The water is as clear as glass and refreshing. A small gift shop offered suntan lotion, snacks, and small gifts.........Have a great time, and enjoy your self. We will go back to Punta Cana Resort and Club, for all those people who had a bad experience, give then another try. You can spend more and get more else where, but you don't have to.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sheloraruba
<Content>Punta Cana is Great Our Punta Cana Resort and Club vacation was great. We arrived on April 10,2004 for seven nights.You arrive at a beautiful entrance by a water garden. The Bellman are sharply dressed and will lead you to the front desk where a tropicl drink will be waiting. We booked our trip through the hotel and web site ,they list a 1-800-number but when you call you are instructed to e-mail your reservation with your credit card.We waited several days to get a response but we got our confirmation number and they charged the whole trip to the card.When we arrived they had no record of our reservation but they gave us a room after a 30 minute wait and it eventually got straightened out on Monday. The staff at Punta Cana are very helpful and very nice but I would book through a travel agent next time. They whisk you away in a cart to your room,we had a standard room although it was painted and decorated nice with a wonderful view right on the ocean,the maid left fresh cut flowers in the room every day and we got to know the security guards at our building (each building has its own security guard 24 hours a day.)The beach is actually broken up into several beachsand all are beautiful.(with the bar and watersport area on the beach and the restaurant ,you feel like each is its very own) The grounds are constantly being cleaned and trimmed by a huge staff from Picky Plants.There is an Eco trail at the south end that has natural gin clear springs and one that you may swim in.The No.1 tip, rent a cart for the week,you can use it to explore this large resort ,go to dinner ,you can drive it on the beach,take it to the golf course (which is great) along the secluded beach that leads to the Club house with its own beach , swimming pool and restaurants.and to the marina.The food is very good.The Italian Rest. has the best staff and the best food.The breakfast buffet is nice with fresh fruit ,omlet bar and the usual,the hostess at the buffet makes you feel very welcome.Francos pizza has greeeeeat pizza,cuban sandwichs and fries ,the beach restaurant is good and it sits on one of the most beautiful point of land I have seen.The store is small but it has drinks ,candy ,film,lotions ,clothing and cigars and rum.Vacationers are all looking for different things and have different taste,We have been all over the Carribbean,including Aruba ,Guadeloupe,Saint Barts,Bahamas, Grand Cayman and nine other locations and the Punta Cana Resort and Club is a large ,clean ,beautiful resort with peacocks walking around,a staff that smiles and always seems to be trying to please you,and I would return in a heart beat.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Property, Wonderful Vacation Reading some of the reviews before we left had us worried but we concluded that those with such negative comments should have just stayed home and not travel outside there own backyard. We travel extensively and this resort isn't perfect but it is every bit as beautiful,and more, as the pictures on the website. The staff was very friendly, albeit they don't all speak english, but if you have just an ounce of patience you will be fine. Guest services staff was extremely helpful and fluent in english. Contrary to reports there is a restaurant open from 12:30-7:00 for wonderful pizza and other italian selections by the pool. Overall dining experience was very pleasant. In fact the dinner at Cocoloba at the golf clubhouse was excellent. Buffet for breakfast and dinner was clearly above the standards of the multitude of all inclusive properties in Punta Cana. Be prepared that many of the guests are not from the US- mostly European. As is their custom some of these women like to sun bathe topless so if this offends you be forewarned-no problem here. We were there 3/4-3/11 and occupancy no more than 40% and very few children. We heard there are more families at holidays and spring break but you probably aren't going to go for the kids programs. The golf course is outstanding-layout ,condition and scenery. The resort is spread out and we rented a golf cart for rides to golf clubhouse,marina restaurant, tennis courts, but it is not absolutely necessary. Great place to relax and rejuvenate surrounded by tropical beauty. Shows at night are entertaining, there are some activities during the day but most guests are there to chill unless playing golf or tennis. A few of the caddies speak english and we enjoyed having someone cleaning clubs, driving cart around the green and reading putts- support them with more than the $12 suggested tip. If you play tennis it is great fun having one of the local boys as a ballboy for $2 and they appreciate it.Our deluxe golf room needed a few upgrades to furniture but it was very spacious and comfortable enough for the limited time we spent there. We took a look at beach cottages and they were well designed and appointed, and would recommend them if you have party of 4 or more. Lunch not included but prices very reasonable-2lb grilled lobster by the ocean $15 with many entrees $8 and less. Drink prices lower than expected. We have been to Casa de Campo twice and this has a better beachfront location, equally elegant facilites but is a little more laid back. Well worth the visit.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid it!!!!!! It is amazing when I read some of the other reviews AFTER WE GOT BACK! how similar they are. We arrived in DR on February 18th, tried to check in to Punta Cana. We were told they did not have a reservation for us in the system. I had our confirmation number and the paperwork supplied by our travel agent and presented it to the desk clerk. We stood in the lobby of the Resort for 2 hours and finally had to bribe the desk clerk with $30.00 in order to acquire a room. When I requested this vacation I had asked for a room with an ocean view, needless to say the room we were finally given after 2 hours of waiting did not have an ocean view and the original room they finally found for us was a ?garden room? across the street from the lobby of the hotel. In addition:? Sheets were dirty with feces ? Phone did not work ? TV did not work ? The air condition did not work ? 3 maintenance workers were unable to rectify the above complaints ? Final maintenance person just grunted and did not respond ? There were bed bugs in the bed all night we were bitten by bed bugs ? All inclusive breakfast consist of some fruit that looked like it was stepped on and the rest of the food did not look up to quality of a ?Resort? ? The employees were not responsive to any request, for example it took over 30 min for a cup of coffee in the morning. ? The day of our arrival from 4:00PM to 6:30 PM there was no food available at any location with in the Resort (not even a bag of nuts for us to purchase) ? The gift shop which had 10 things on the other wise empty shelves ? We ordered drinks at the bar and the Margarita was filled with dishwashing soap (no response from the staff) ? The beach area, which we were told was 8 miles of white Sandy Beach was in fact 7 3/4 miles of golf course 1/8 mile of hard rock beach ? The room had 2 beds and not much of anything else After checking into our room the first day and realizing that we were not able to get food I decided to speak to the guest services at the hotel and find out when the restaurants opened and what was available to us in the surrounding area. First he had no information about the restaurants in the hotel he had to call to find out what was available and bounce off options (since it was between hours for 4PM and 6:30PM we had noting available to us) 2nd he was unwilling to help us find a solution to our maintenance issues The guest services person said not to expect anything more from their Resort and that he had no other help for me. In summation the Resort was dirty, run down, and aged. It served as an Airport hotel (all the flight crews were staying there). Don't waste your money and tell your freaind to do the same.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful location, BUT... The location of the hotel is beautiful: the beach is spectacular, panoramic views of the ocean, and the water is azure blue and pristine. Lots of activities. Beach massage was pure heaven. People are very friendly--Just be aware, very few speak any English--so brush up on your Spanish.HOWEVER:We waited over an hour at the chaotic airport for the hotel shuttle to pick us up (yes, we did make advance arangements for pickup). Don't let friendly-looking natives help you with your luggage--they end up bringing you to their colleague's taxi, whether you want to go, or not.The food will turn your stomachs into knots. Bring Amodium with you.Service is slow and inconsistent--good luck getting flatware at breakfast, coffee, clean towels, or replacement TP. Our rooms had multiple problems: no air conditioning, broken lock, and an stream of ants cascaded down our wall into our mini-bar, etc.There is absolutely no shopping, which, you might say is no problem, except when you are desperately trying to buy tampons or Pepto-Bismol.Don't expect the shuttle to pick you up in a timely fashion, so leave plenty of time when returning home.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rediwat
<Content>The Golf Course We didn't stay at the resort, but we spent a lot of time in the environs...playing golf 3 times and thus, with the course winding through some of the resort, we got a feel for the grounds, beach and general condition. In a word it is...breathtaking. The staff at the golf course and their food and drink bars were fabulous. Went out of their way to be friendly, courteous, and helpful. The course is beyond belief. I had come down to Dominican Republic to fulfill a long time dream to play at the Teeth of the Dog, Pete Dye's ocean setting course at La Romana. Well, I played there. And I preferred the PUnta cana Resort Course. It has 18, and not 7 as does the teeth of the Dog course, interesting and sometimes spectacularl holes...with a virtual always close proximity, and/or view, of the ocean. Magnificent. The beach on the property was well kept and the golf shop, pro shop, golf pool and environs were first class. I would highly recommend a visit to the golf course and suspect that the rest of the resort is as fabulous as the course.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place I just returned from a stay early February at Punta Cana Resort  Club. I thought it was a very nice place. The staff were friendly and helpful and we had a great time there. We ate mostly at the buffet and thought the food was pretty good. I've stayed at a few all inclusive resorts and the buffets are all just about the same. The only real problem we had was the telephone. They don't have payphones there and it costs about $15 for 5 minutes to call the U.S. from the room so we luckily had a cell phone with roaming. They give you bottled water in the room and at all meals if you order it. We ate fresh fruit and vegetables and ice in our drinks and didn't become ill. The resort is pretty far from town and the store there has very few items so don't count on good souveniers there. The security is really good. There is always someone around looking out for problems day  night. The resort is really spread out so bring good walking shoes or rent a golf cart for $30 per day. The beach is groomed every day and very nice. I would ignore the review about the broken down beach chairs. The place was not run down at all. Plan on brushing up on your spanish - they don't speak much english except at the front desk. I would recommend this resort. It was a memorable trip for our family.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goodtravelkarma
<Content>Punta Cana'a Best Kept Secret My husband and I just returned from a wonderful vacation at the Punta Cana Resort  Club. Don't believe everything you read! There are so many pluses to this resort. It has three miles of white sand beach, beautiful, spacious grounds, fresh water lagoons, newly renovated rooms - ours was right on the beach with a panoramic view of the turquoise ocean. The restaurants are elegant, food and service great. Since they use purified water and grow their own organic fruit and vegetables we never felt ill as we did at the resorts we stayed at in Puerto Plata. I think the reason the resort is not full to capacity is because it is not all-inclusive. The atmosphere is therefore more refined because there is less drunkeness. My only small complaint is there wasn't many vegatarian selections in the restaurants and they did not provide enough non-smoking rooms or areas. We spent all seven days at the resort because there is so much to see and do. We had a blast riding around in our golf cart, snorkling at the reef, hiking through the ecological reserve, enjoying a massage on the beach, swimming and kayaking in perfect sunny weather! Who could ask for anything more?  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best birthday ever!  After reading some of the previous reviews we were really scared we wasted our money but ... we had a fabulous time!!! I don't understand what the other poor reviews were talking about. Are they competitors trying to drive business away? We met my sister and her husband at the resort for my 50th birthday celebration and it couldn't have been better! My husband and I came a day early and stayed in a regular room which was fine and then moved to our reserved beach villa when my sister arrived. The bedrooms were large and clean with friendly maid service. Out living area was outdoors but was surrounded by plantation shutters which was really cool. Who needs full walls when the temp only varies from 70 to 85 degrees with an ocean breeze. My husband played golf to his hearts content; my brother-in-law was able to sail, kayak, and relax on the beach; and my sister and I alternated between sitting on the beach and exploring the grounds. In other words it was perfect! No fighting for a beach chair or shade area, no broken overturned chairs AND no seedy looking employees! Everyone was very professional, polite, and helpful. We didn't have any problems with the food or language. It was even kind of amazing to have a spanish word or two pop into my head from those long ago high school spanish lessons. We are talking about going back next year and bringing more friends to enjoy this wonderful experience.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SchaJo00
<Content>Stay Away unless you like halfway houses!@ What a disaster! The place is a mess. The front desk help looked shady. Beach Chairs broken and laying up against palm trees. People trying to sell you stuff. The place is definitely run down. It looks like they have not put any money in the grounds, hotel or staff in 20 years. The rooms are nasty and the views are horrible. The hotel has one of the best looking web sites but it looks nothing like it. I feel sorry for people who book here to find out that they been had! I believe that the hotel is promoted or owned by several famous people. I would like to see them stay there. Maybe it is a tax heaven. I checked into the hotel and was checked out in 2 hours. I went to the Melia Caribe and had a wonderful time in a clean and safer establishment. I do not feel safe at all in the Punta Cana Resort. Stay away! A true mess.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bringing together luxury and laid-back Went with three golfing buddies as an alternative to freezing in Myrtle Beach in January. In summary, this resort exceeded expectations in every way. The perfectly maintained Pete Dye golf course has the look of Pebble Beach and a laid back feel of your favorite course that you catch on an empty day. The level of service provided at the golf course makes you feel like your a touring PGA pro. All the food was varied, fresh and well prepared. The ala carte restaurants provided an opportunity to vary our dinner options from the buffet included in our package. Although drinks wer not included, who can complain about beers for $2.50. The white sandy beach is raked daily and the work of a legion of grounds crew is always evident. The architecture of the buildings and furnishings are tasteful and elegant without being pretentous. While there, you are spoiled with high-end service and surroundings while never escaping a laid back and casual atmosphere. All this without parting with big bucks. Splitting a beach villa between four of us for five nights plus three rounds of golf, all the food you could (should) reasonably eat and much more set me back $900, beyond reasonable for pretending to be rich and famous. See you later Myrtle Beach in January, I don't care how cheap you are!!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>whats wrong with you people AAARRGHHH. Haven't these people ever stayed in a decent hotel. Rude staff, crap food and drinks that taste like you could wash paint brushes in them. Check your reciepts, we got charged for 2 meals on the same night in different restuarants! If your not all inclusuive you excpect a little more.Wrong! From now on I'll be straight back to AI hotels. Our check out (6 adults) took longer than it took to build the Pyramids. A quite meal also takes approx 3 1/2 hours. Most of the time is spent waiting for the cheque. This is the case at most bars and restaurants. Big lack of decent bars and the rooms are all very dark with no landscaping. Nice beach and Eco area but Ithink you need abit more. Oh yes, it's bloody noisey around the pool. Huge speakers and awful music with animation teams trying to get you into the Artic like conditions of the pool. Don't just take my advice, please feel free to waste your own money and experience it yourself. (Coral Canoa in La Romana is much better)  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent   showReview(1500303, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be open minded....your not in Kansas anymore!   showReview(1229360, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great but...   showReview(1149196, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RaviCharleston
<Content>Nice Hotel Bad Food   showReview(1138628, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect place   showReview(1133430, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYCchic1
<Content>Very laid back resort....   showReview(932654, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Low key holiday   showReview(930305, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very personable resort   showReview(918791, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>vacation express RIU Bambu   showReview(834308, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI Beach resort Punta Cana   showReview(833463, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lyspo
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(15806005, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal f眉r Golf-/Tennis-/Strandurlaub   showReview(16602238, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Franklin_guate
<Content>Vacaciones que ser谩n inolvidables !!!       La playa  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	3	5	4	4	2	

<Author>cristiana99
<Content>Muy decepcionante!!   showReview(8364437, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>camillacamilla
<Content>Splendido golf   showReview(7713327, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Juliet_C
<Content>Un lieu magique hors du temps et de la foule, un golf superbe       Hobycat14  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>C'est notre deuxi猫me s茅jours   showReview(11389900, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ruhiges Hotel mit gepflegtem Publikum   showReview(11357730, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

