<Author>LoveToGoAnywhere
<Content>Beautiful Hotel! We recently stayed at this hotel for four nights, coming in to see a Seahawks games. I was nervous booking here because I heard the noise from the trains could be loud, but the location could not be beat for what we needed. Upon arrival we were greeted by very friendly staff, willing to accomodate a change in our room. Our room (King Suite) was beautiful. We traveled with family who were in a standard room and I have to say that room was very spacious. The rooms were laid out well and very clean. It is a newer hotel so the decor is pleasing, and truly the housekeeping staff do an awesome job. It was a little pricey and they don't offer any kind of discount rate that we could have used. I will admit the trains, well mostly the crossings, were loud and constant but then we were facing the train crossings. The first night I hardly slept, BUT that was not enough to deter me to move from the nice room. I got used to it quick. The valet parking is quite convenient but a little expensive. They are pretty quick though. And I have to say we ate at the in-house restaurant a few times and the food was FANTASTIC. My sons loved the rooftop pool and even though it was chilly it was totally enjoyable. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinknermal
<Content>Very underrated! We stayed here the night before embarking on a cruise. The customer service and rooms were exceptional. Everyone was very nice and helpful. The rooms were clean, modern and had a great view of Safeco field. And, you can't beat Aveda bath products!One great perk was the complimentary shuttle service to Downtown and the Cruise Terminals. Since this was much cheaper than other hotels in the same category it definitely gets two thumbs up!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kbruington
<Content>Most amazing experience!! Where do I even start. My husband, friends and I all stay at this hotel every time we come to Seattle for a Seahawks game. It is amazing. Clean, friendly, comfortable and the location couldn't be better. So it may be a tad bit on the expensive side but it is well worth it. On game day, we wake up, go to their restaurant/bar (Jimmy's on 1st) and get ready for the big game with a ton of other fans. Their food is great and the environment is ideal for football fans. Not only is this hotel great for games, but we are able to walk right down to Pioneer Square and to Pike Place Market. I have never written a review for a hotel but I had to for this one. I don't have a single complaint and i recommend this hotel to everyone of any and all ages!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whererwegoing
<Content>Great location for sports fans The Silver Cloud is perfected located if you want to attend a football or baseball game. The hotel is your typical hotel. Comparing the price to other hotels, the location is what you are paying for rather than the amenities (Softer pillows/bed linens, views, spacious bathroom) that other hotels in Seattle offer in the same price range.In regards to the other reviews. Yes the sheets do not fit the bed and often popped up. The beds are firm rather than cushioning. The noise is heard because the road is right there facing first street. The one reviewer regarding booking your room by the courtyard might be the way to go.The saving grace of the Silver Cloud was the Shuttle and their friendly service and the Flat Sceen TV w/ HDTV. The delicious apples in the basket were a plus too!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>ywbird
<Content>very nice room The hotel was a great place, conveniently located. There were 4 adults and there was plenty of room. There were a few negatives. One being the $23 added charge for parking. There also was no coffee in the lobby for guests, but a restaurant on the grounds. The hotel could invest in some deep pocket sheets because the bottom sheets kept coming off and we found ourselves sleeping on the uncovered mattress. Yuk. We were in walking distance to the stadium as well as Pioneer Square; an uncomfortable walk at night though because the shuttles stopped after 10. It was very quiet and the staff were very helpful and courteous. Having a vanity/wet bar was also a plus. The room was very clean with Aveda products. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tcbear
<Content>Can't beat these comfy beds!! My husband and I stayed at this hotel to go to a Mariners game on Aug. 2nd. First off the valet parking and front office personel were super nice and helpful! When we got to our room the decor was soothing and we got the view of Safeco Field that we wanted! It was probably the cleanest hotel I've ever been to. Maybe because it's newish. We didn't use the pool because we were only there one night but the location of it was really cool.We ordered room service breakfast and it arrived in 15 mins. The food was excellent and you get alot. It was probably the cheapest room service menu I've ever seen.I can't say enough about the beds!! They were so comfy that I wrote down what kind they were to see how much they would be to buy. It felt like sinking into a cloud!!The only bad bits are the street noise but we were given the option of being away from the street. The person at the front office offered us earplugs which was really thoughtful.It is also an expensive hotel to book. It is worth it for a treat but I don't think we'll be staying here everytime we go to Seattle. We will definitely be back though and highly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kibero308
<Content>great stay at the silver cloud stadium A beautiful hotel with incredible service. Shuttle was always available and took us all over Seattle! Was a little apprehensive about southern location, but no problem! Shuttle to Seattle Center within 10-15 minutes and pickup always available. Easy walk into Pioneer Square also. Would definitely recommend!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SONNYSMOM
<Content>Great stay. If you are going to a Seahawk or Mariner's game you cannot beat the location! This hotel is beautiful, clean and the staff is friendly. The pool is awesome with even more awesome views! We ordered room service and the food was even better. There is a shuttle that will take you anywhere downtown seattle and will come back for you (at reasonable hours) so if you are from seattle you need to stay here at least once, or if youare out of town then you will not regret staying here!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jojobean
<Content>Nicest hotel in Seattle We stayed for three nights. The hotel is a very new boutique style hotel directly across the street from Safeco Field and Qwest Stadium. The location is a sports fans dream come true. It's even relatively quiet on game days when thousnads of people are outside your room.the staff was class act. The restaurant in the main lobby was the best place we ate all week. The pool is small but overlooks the baseball field and big enough for our preschooler to enjoy.The big bonus to these hotels is that you never need a car. The Silver Cloud chain provides free shuttle service to every major attraction in Seattle. This hotel gets everything right!We also stayed at the Silver Cloud Lake Union in a suite.It felt more corporate and a bit more formal. The front desk staff was not quite an down-to-earth but the hotel was very nice.We can't wait to return to Seattle and stay at Silver Cloud Stadium.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vancouver_WA
<Content>Expensive but pretty nice After taxes, we paid about $265 a night to stay here. When we first walked in, we were a little put off about the small size of the room, but we discovered a lot of nice things about the room and the hotel. The shuttle service was wonderful and saved us a lot of money on cab fare. They will take you anywhere you want to go, and pick you up, on a half-hour's notice.The room had some very nice amenities, like a 42 flat screen TV with 40+ cable channels, high-speed internet with a pull-out ethernet cable right on the desk, and a clock radio with an iPod dock. There is no DVD player, but the TV has an input for one.The king-size bed was one of the best hotel beds ever, and the bathroom was the nicest I've seen in a hotel, with an oversize tub/shower.The rooftop pool is small and less than 4 feet deep, but it's heated, and there's a hot tub with a capacity of 9. The view up there is nice too.We were on the stadium side of the hotel on the sixth floor and train noise was not a problem. We were just steps away from our seats at Safeco Field.The onsite restaurant, Johnny's on First, was very expensive and we did not eat there.This is the perfect hotel for taking the train to Seattle for a Mariners (or Seahawks) game. Keep their number handy so you can call them to pick you up when you arrive at the train station.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>cps102
<Content>Great Modern Hotel With Great Stadium Access!       View from rooftop pool  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>none00
<Content>Great hotel Positives:- Large rooms- Nice decor- Refrigerator/sink in the room- Decent restaurant (I had breakfast only) - Location was next to stadium, and a 5-minute shuttle ride to downtown (15-20 minute walk). - Service was great, I ordered a taxi and it was there immediately. Staff was nice.Negatives:- Couldn't order breakfast room service for the next day. When I called the evening before, the person said he'd stick the order on the computer, but he hoped it wouldn't get lost so I was worried it wouldn't go through. So I had to call the following morning to double-check.- Once when I called for a shuttle from downtown, they didn't pick up at the right spot and I saw the shuttle pass by. So I had to call again. One of the shuttle drivers wasn't esp. friendly.Overall, I liked this place. Unfortunately had a view of the inner courtyard. Pool on top was small but nice views.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smokeyham
<Content>Silver Cloud Stadium - Very Nice Hotel... Near to Pioneer Square After reading reviews on TripAdvisor, and talking with people on CruiseCritic.com we booked a room in the Siver Cloud Stadium Seattle.We asked for a room with a Courtyard view, which is the side away from the train tracks and the baseball field. The room was quiet, especially if you have the window closed. However, your view is the rooms across the courtyard.The staff were very friendly, and the free shuttle took us to dinner at the Space Needle, and picked up again very promptly after we called. The room and the hotel are very nicely decorated in a modern style and the hotel is very comfortable. We walked to Pioneer Square from the hotel. Some homeless people sleep under a nearby overpass, and the area near the hotel is quite industrial. Not sure I would want to be walking the streets after dark, but we felt fine during daylight hours.There was no game at the adjacent baseball field when we stayed, but we wondered if the traffic and/or noise might be a problem if a game was being held.We very much enjoyed our breakfasts in the hotel's dining room.Overall, a very pleasant stay and a hotel I would like to return to.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BeetleB04
<Content>Loved the Silver Cloud Hotel at the Stadium My husband and I took our grandaughter to stay at the Silver Cloud last weekend. We wanted to take advantage of the beautiful weather. We were greeted so warmly by Mayu at the front desk she didn't skip a beat by telling us all the amenties and things we could take advantage of during our stay. Mayu was absolutely delightful! I used to work for Marriott and really pay attention to the check-in experience along with the total experience. The hotel itself is just beautiful, and the pool on top of the roof was fantastic! The staff throughout the hotel were very nice and responsive. They really care for their property. I appreciated the staff checking on the pool every hour or so to be sure everything was perfect. We really enjoyed our stay at the Silver Cloud Stadium Hotel and can't wait to stay there again this summer. Nana, Papa and Kayla.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingFam5
<Content>Nice AND Noisy. I can't deny how nice this hotel is. It's beautifully decorated, comfortable, and clean. It's also noisy, which is to be expected in the big city. We ended up on the side with trains, boats, cars, taxis, sirens, and everything else you can imagine, making noise all night long. My suggestion is to ask for a room on the other side of the hotel, if you simply can't stand all that noise. One plus to staying on that side of the hotel was we had something to look at, all the time. We watched them off load a ship at the dock, saw trains going by, we could see the Space Needle in the distance and the sunset was spectacular. Make sure you have a lot of small bills on hand to tip the bellhop, the parking attendants and just about everyone else who does anything for you. This is not your standard Silver Cloud, it's very upscale. The location to the stadium can't be beat. We did notice the bar closes early and felt rushed out the door, even though it was only 11:00 PM. I couldn't find any posted hours of operation, so I am not sure what that was all about.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	4	4	

<Author>BratTee1
<Content>Great Location for the Game! Great location if you are attending Mariners baseball game. Loved the hotel, room, and location. Shuttle was a huge bonus.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelgirl1269
<Content>Perfect location for baseball/football fans! Just came back from an overnight stay at the Silver Cloud Stadium Hotel. Our primary reason for choosing it was that we were attending a Mariner's game on Father's Day. As other reviewers have said, for this purpose the location is perfect! We were able to check in early before the 1pm game. The staff was very helpful, professional and friendly. Per front desk recommendation, we walked down to Pioneer Square for an excellent Italian dinner at Cafe Michetti's (try their signature lasagna). The free shuttle was great for seeing the other Seattle sights. Our room was spacious and clean. Beds were so comfortable and in the bathroom there was Aveda products!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jtjtjtjtj
<Content>Best hotel experience I travel extensively all year round and do many trips to Seattle. I was booked at the Stadium hotel through expedia corporate travel and first thing I did was go on trip advisor. I read some of the train noise complaints which made me a little hesitant, but in the defense of the train station and the hotel, the hotel is right by the train station (great for train travelers) and being that Seattle is a major city THERE IS GOING TO BE CITY NOISE i.e. busses, trains, games and lots of people. I have stayed at pretty much every hotel in or around the downtown Seattle area and find this hotel to be great. I will definately look forward to being booked again at the Silver cloud.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soxgal78
<Content>Awesome for baseball We stayed here for four nights last week to see the Mariners vs. the Red Sox. You CANNOT beat this location if your primary goal is to catch baseball games. Our room, on the 5th floor, looked directly into the park, and was very nicely equipped. The hotel's newness is another big plus -- everything was clean, and while not necessarily luxurious, certainly very nice (especially the big screen TV in the room!). The hot tub was a generous size, and while we didn't go in the pool, it looked nice.One note about location -- I know a lot of people on Trip Advisor recommend staying in a more central location, downtown by the market, but this worked great for us. It was a 10-minute walk, if that, to Pioneer Square with restaurants and bars, and not even another 10 minutes to the Pike Place Market. The weather was nice, so the walks each day were really nice and enabled us to build in workouts we probably wouldn't have otherwise gotten (though there was a small workout room with some nice equipment). The hotel does have a free shuttle to downtown points, though we didn't use that. Overall, I'd highly recommend this hotel. Have fun in Seattle!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrsslovestotravel
<Content>Great stay and great location       Our room number  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DuffyMo
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed here on an overnight to see a baseball game.Rooms are great -- new, nicely appointed, large screen digital TV. Staff was very courteous  helpful. Yes, the trains go by--we asked for the quietest room possible, and got one on the interior courtyard. We could hear the trains in the late afternoon (in our room) but that night had no problem sleeping and didn't hear a single train.Overall a great experience and I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>happyzombie
<Content>Elegant and Comfyéˆ¥?#x201d; Went for a quick overnighter in Seattle to attend a work function, and used the Silver Cloud as place to sleep. Once we checked in... I didn't want to check out. Very comfy beds and good linens, decor was warm and elegant. Customer service was top notch - nice, professional and sincere. A very Nordstrom-ishy experience... and just booked a room for another stay.A little touch that made a big impact on me... they had Tully's coffee in the room. I like that they using a local product and stimulating the local economy... plus it's just darn good coffee. Keepin' it local... I love that.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>krazygreekgirl
<Content>If you love listening to trains all night long, stay here!!! Wanted to spend the last night of our trip in the downtown area of seattle to see a Mariners game. Great views of the stadium, its right across the street. Nice clean room, unfortunately the toilet was wobbly, it's a new hotel!!!!! The worst thing was the constant trains that pass by, about every 25 minutes the whistles go off and it comes barreling through. If you don't need any sleep and want to soak up the city, great place to stay. I don't recommend this to a family, older couple or anyone who wants to sleep!!!!!!! Valet is the only choice and be prepared to spend $22 a day. I would much rather stay at the crown plaza, this silver cloud did not meet the expectations we had.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Alatini21
<Content>Love this place! New Favorite Hotel Chain! HelloWe went to an event at the Qwest center and this hotel was perfect! We literally walked out the doors and we were there. Also, you are right by downtown and very close to the marina etc. We were able to sit in our room hottub and look out at the Ferry coming in each day and also the Space Needle and the Seattle skyline!I booked their King Jacuzzi Suite (OMG What a room!) and we stayed for two nights. Like I mentioned the view was fantastic and in addition to them giving us a new loofah, bath robes, bath salts, bath bubbles, a HUGE bathroom with a HUGE additional bath, big shower, kitchen/bar, microwave, extra sink, fridge, comfy bed, 40 FLATSCREEN TV with HD Channels and HBO etc and free Wi-Fi we were in heaven! Very nice stay the room was spotless and the bed was so comfy.Also, we landed and were at the hotel by 10:30am. We assumed (like most hotels) this place wouldnt let us check in early...but they actually allowed us to check into our room at 10:30am! We couldnt believe it. They were so accomodating and the front desk was REALLY nice. I know a couple of other reviews said they had problems with them, but I didnt have any issues at all. I would also suggest having breakfast at Jimmy's on 1st which is their restaurant. They have a good bloody mary and they do eggs benadict northwestern style which means they are served over Crab Cakes! :) YUM!Either way, you cannot beat the price on this room, the Hot Tub that is HUGE for two people, and the views this place has. I did hear the train that was passing in the front, but unlike some other reviews I read~ it didnt keep us up or really bug us :)Happy Travels. If you need more info let me know! Pictures to be uploaded soon :)  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>northendmoon
<Content>Loved Staying at the Silver Cloud This hotel is fantastic if you are attending a Mariners or Seahawks game. You can't get any closer to the parks. From my hotel room, I could see directly into Safeco field where the players were stretching on the grass. The beds are incredible. I wish my bed at home was this nice. The TV's are ~48 flat panel LGs. The bathrooms are large and spotless. There is a wetbar with fridge  sink in the room. And there is a very nice 1850 watt hairdryer in every bathroom (unlike the 1200 watt dryers that you see in most hotels).The staff was helpful. Check in was fast and painless  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mulac21
<Content>Very comfortable hotel, clean and new, very handy for railway station I arrived at the Silver Cloud Stadium Hotel for a one night stay after arriving in from London. As I was due to take the train to Vancouver the following morning at 07.40, I booked this hotel as it was cheap and because of positive reviews on TripAdvisor. And I was pleased I did.Firstly the hotel was about 5 minutes walk from the railway station, which meansThe rooms were new and clean. I stayed in a room with a huge king bed, with a huge flatscreen TV on the wall. The bathrooms are roomy, with a very nice shower.One note, the hotel does not provide shower gel in the rooms.As for the location, it was excellent for the train station and also of course for the stadia. I was staying in a room with a direct view of one of the scoreboards (Safeco Field ... as I live in UK I don't know which sport this is ... I think it's baseball!). However it is not really near anything else, certainly I could find no convenience stores etc.The hotel restaurant was nice. We had a good (if a little pricey) breakfast, but it was a la carte. Room service in the evening was excellent value and good quality.The hotel is really let down by its reception staff. When I arrived to check in, I gave my name, the guy on reception looked up my reservation and laughed. I asked him what was funny, he said there was a note on my reservation, I asked what it said he said he couldn't tell me. Made me feel a little uncomfortable. Then later asked another guy at reception for directions - he couldn't even find the hotel on the map. And in the morning checking out I had to wait 10 minutes foe someone to appear at the desk and then they had charged me for 2 nights parking when (a) it would have been a very long drive from London (!!!!) and (b) I only stayed for 1 night. No apologies, I had to justify it coming off.Also there is no doorman, which can make finding a cab hard (and opening the doors with lots of luggage). And they do not have umbrellas - so bring one - it rains a lot in Seattle I hear.Overall I had a very comfortable stay with a very good room and decent food. Service at reception was, however, unacceptable.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>cjindc
<Content>Try it, You'll Like it! I was there on their one year new anniversary just by chance - very nice modern decor with an environmental flair, much like other Silver Clouds and even a bit like the Grand Hyatt here in Seattle which is probably one of the nicest hotels in the city. This hotel adjacent to the Stadiums is also walking distance to Pioneer Square which has wonderful fun shopping - incredible book stores, wonderful toy store, boutiques, antiques, art galleries and fun restaurants, along with a Park in the square that will remind you a bit of Paris. Back to the hotel: Very nice staff and management, very clean. It is not the most expensive so perhaps it can't afford to please me on every need - they had run out of shower caps but on the 3rd day found one for me, all the pillows are foam and too much pillow for me (no down alternatives or even any alternatives - all pillows are the same.) There isn't a breakfast included rate like at the Broadway Silver Cloud, but Jimmy's on 1st is a good restaurant that did pretty well for us- nothing exceptional though, just convenient, and hotel food prices (not a place where locals would eat breakfast - too high). The hotel lobby is nice: fireplace, bright windows and furnishings, flat screen for viewing while waiting for someone... The standard rooms were very nice and great value when ordered from Expedia or hotwire. If you want a little more I recommend the suites over the jacuzzi rooms - The jacuzzi just seemed out of place - planted in a standard room next to the window, as far away from the bathroom as you can get. You really have to step up and over and then get in - all a bit awkward. They do provide you with bath salts and a loofa and bath robes. The suite has the robes too and the corner suites have so much light and plenty of space for a small gathering. We even served soup and salad brought in from a gourmet store - heated up the soup in the microwave- and our family of 6 adults and one infant were all comfortable in the living room - FYI only one of us stayed in the room - the others lived locally or had their own room. Wonderful HDTVs flat screen captivated the men - and had lots of cable sports channels. My brother and his family live in West Seattle - this is the closest nice place to stay when visiting family in West Seattle - no traffic to get on the bridge - I was at his place in 10-15 minutes max. No great views - unless you mean looking through to part of the baseball field - interesting but nothing to write home about...the water view is all about sea transport containers and cranes...and yes, beware of the train sounds. They can be frequent and at all hours - annoying. There are some rooms quieter than others, and this can make a big difference. The train sounds were not as annoying as the road sounds from motorcyclists revving and whipping down the surrounding empty streets late at night - I suspect this is common on Friday nights, as it wasn't a problem every night. So with ear plugs, and your own travel pillow and shower cap you will be able to have a perfect stay. Again the staff are wonderful and so I wouldn't be surprised if and when they read this they do everything they can to amend the shortcomings...sans the local sound effects - it is really outrageous that the builder did not put top grade sound proof windows in. Silver Cloud Inns are really nice - great group, so I feel it is unfortunate that the builder here did not do the right thing - also the jacuzzi room I checked out not only had noise from 1st street, but also the cold air was seeping through the window frame as well. Some 8th floor jacuzzi rooms are below the 9th floor party room - NOISY - avoid at all costs or confirm no party is planned for the ceiling in your 8th floor room.I loved my suites on the 5th and 6th floors - very quiet except for the trains. Some suites have separate shower and bath.My 94 year old grandmother, who needed a handicap room, also enjoyed her stay. She said she enjoyed the trains - they didn't bother me, they remind you that you are still alive. Also some of her costume jewelry couldn't be located, and the staff were so nice, searched the removed linens, and the room meticulously and found them for us. Housekeeping was great- very clean and the beds and sheets are wonderful!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>yvan31
<Content>One word - " Noisy" Very nice lobby area and a big plasma tv in the room; room is small but should be ok for a short getaway; the bed is comfortable BUT the noise from the railway just keeps me awake for the WHOLE night!!!! Prepare earplugs or don't stay at this hotel at all!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>annabanana59
<Content>Best hotel ever One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TJCCalifornia
<Content>Cloud Nine Hotel       Room with Fridge and Micro.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dudesd
<Content>Loved This Place Just returned from seattle. First time visiting and this hotel made it just the best experience. We loved the room, sooo clean and lovely to sleep in. The tv and movie service just topped off our evenings. The pool/hottub area are just awesome and overlook the pier area and the safeco field. It has a nice restaurant in the hotel as well right across the street. It is a little far to walk some days to the pike market or pioneer square but the shuttle offered could not of been any better. When we called for pickup it seemed like we waited no time at all and the drivers were fantastic with all sorts of suggestions. We used the shuttle extensively and it never let us down. Will definitely be staying here again. Nothing but good to say  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andrea1122
<Content>Clean and nice NIce new clean rooms. Stayed with friends for a bachlorette party. One downside no full length mirror in room. A word of advice don't keep your window open at night because in the morning you'll hear the duck tour. Other than that an awesome hotel with friendly staff.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>shadow6
<Content>Nothing but great This is the second Siver Cloud I have stayed in while working in Seattle. Each trip just gets better. This place is still fairly new so everything works. The room was comfortable and clean! Valet parking on location was nice. There is not much to do or see within close walking distance other than the stadium(s), but that is hardly an issue if you have a car or are there on business.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>socalgal13
<Content>Awesome Location! We booked the Silver Cloud Stadium via their website. The website was easy to navigate. We were in town for baseball at Safeco Field and arrived via SEATAC airport. Our arrival was 2 hours before the check in time and figured that we would park and drop out bags off and eat a late lunch. To our surprise, there was no waiting to check in and we were given our room right away. During the check in process, it was very easy and relaxing. I asked for the quietest location in the hotel and was told that the east /west rooms had train noise and south rooms had staduim noise but were more quiet generally. Since we were going to be at the games anyway we decided on a southern facing room. The room was on the smallish side but the view was fabulous...looking right into Safeco Fields 3rd Base enterance. Since my partner was from Overseas and had never been to a baseball game the view was priceless. The room was outfitted in modern furniture in good taste. The King size bed was comfortable and the linens were of good quality. The bathroom was good size with an extra deep bathtub. The Bath products were good too. Several issues that did not meet the same standard good quality as the rest of the hotel. The themostat was confusing to operate and we never did get a comfortable temperature. There was no directions in the room on its operation. There was only one set of towels for each of us, I requested extra towels that came to the room quickly, but housekeeping took the towels back in the next mornings cleanup, even though they were placed in the cubbie in the bathroom, thus having to request extra towels for the second time. Lastly, there was complimentary tea/coffee in the room. There was only 1 tea bag that was regular team the rest were herbal type teas. I requested just regular tea bags (something with caffiene in it). More tea was sent up to the room quickly and they were all herbal type teas. On the way out for the first evening I made a second request for regular tea, when we returned more herbal type teas and no regular tea bags. We gave up after that and drank coffee. Our overall stay was great and we both loved the location since we were at a double header baseball game and the location allowed us to get back to the room quickly between games for a break. Service was good as far as speed of requests. We will certainly return again to this location, but we will bring our own teabags!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TravelingChumley
<Content>excellent hotel for sports venue went to two Mariners games, made the reservation via the hotel website. Got to the hotel by 12:30pm, thinking I was going to check my bag and get something to eat. Early checkin at 12:30pm with four pecks at the keyboard by the lead desk clerk. Up to the room and, yes, the place is less than a year old, everything looked new, not that worn 15 year old look. Walked to the International District (six blocks away). Safeco and the Seahawks stadiums are right across the street. I was looking for a bus to get me to the Queen Anne area, looked at the schedule and the bus ran every 20 minutes. Walked back into the hotel and asked about their shuttle, seems you have to signup prior to using and every half hour. I walked and got lost. I was a block from where all the buses stopped for downtown and finally got my bearing right. Housekeeping was fine and was done with my room before 10:30am. Fitness center was small, but had video access on all five machines. Ate at the hotel restaurant for breakfast, was ok. If you are going to the game, this is the place. It's a little far from downtown, but doable if you are willing to walk a bit.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>leelow13
<Content>Wonderful experience! We visited this hotel right after it opened earlier this year when we were in Seattle for the Jan. 6th game. It is an incredible hotel. The staff was great and the breakfast awesome but what I really loved was the room. It was a good size room with two queen beds (seem like all there is these days are two doubles) and a huge flat screen TV. I loved the bathroom too, it was nice. Also the alarm clock is an iPod player. Another reason we keep coming back is for the location. If you are going to Seahawk's or Mariner's game you have to stay here!! There is no taxi, bus, or driving required. It's not even two blocks away and surrounded by great restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelingmom18
<Content>Great for Mariners game, location is not so great We booked this hotel for one night after our cruise to go to a Mariner's game. The hotel is great, the room was large and clean and the staff is very nice. The restaurant in the hotel was very good too. However, the location of the hotel leaves a lot to be desired, it is in an area that closes down on the weekends so it you want to go out the streets are deserted. In fact, the staff will tell you not to walk out on the streets when it becomes dark. I would recommend this hotel only if you are going to a sporting event or want a hotel close to the pier before your cruise.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	4	5	

<Author>illuminated
<Content>Exceeded all expectations Clean and well appointed room, friendly and helpful staff, and a great door to door shuttle service to downtown. The front found a room for us to check in early when requested, and allowed us late check out. Just a couple points on down side: the location was a bit away from the main tourist attractions and eateries but the free shuttle service more than made up for this. We did notice noise from the nearby RR tracks at night, but was not an issue for us. I have stayed at several other hotels in Seattle including ones much more pricier but I would come back to stay here again. For the service and overall value, this hotel is hard to beat.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FunLovingGirl
<Content>Great Place Lovely hotel. Tastefully decorated lobby and the rooms are minimalistic and sophisticated. Bathrooms are excellent and the views of the stadium are even better. The top floor has a sweeping view of the Sound and Olympic Mountain Range which is breathtaking. The staff was immensely helpful and kind and always gave us the warmest smiles. The shuttle service was superb, especially when Johnathan, who I must say is very cute, friendly, and funny, was driving. Mike was top-notch as well. I will definitely return.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WhiskersCanada
<Content>Great stay for Mariner's game We stayed 2 nights at the Silver Cloud Stadium Hotel and saw an evening Mariner's game Saturday and the afternoon game the next day, Sunday.We had a king bed suite for 2 adults and 2 children. The kids had a pull out sofabed in the living room. Lots of room, very nice big bathroom with a tub and separate shower. Lovely new hotel, very clean. The food at the restaurant downstairs (Jimmy's) is very good - we had dinner and breakfast. There is a microwave and minifridge in the room if you want to make your own breakfast. The shuttle service is great, took us to the mall and picked us up quickly when we called. It is rather expensive on their blackout nights ie the Mariner's night game when we couldn't get a AAA rate, but the convenience of walking right across the street to our hotel was worth it.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>albertafamily
<Content>very nice stay for siteseeing/sporting events Stayed at this location for siteseeing and to see a few ball games.The front desk staff were very friendly  helpful.We didn't arrive with a car but with the hotel shuttle available all day long we used it frequently with no problems.A side note to that,upon checkout they tried to bill me for three days of parking,when I pointed out that I did not use the parking they deleted the charge right away with no questions asked.The rooms were well kept,clean and comfortable.Our room faced the ballpark which we liked, you can also go to the roof top pool which has an excellent view of elliott bay and partial view of downtown--very nice. We only had breakfast at the restaurant but it was good although a little pricey than most breakfast/family restaurants.All in all I would definetly stay here again, the cost is a little higher than some chain hotels but it was worth it.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>travelling_rocks
<Content>Great hotel, location just spoils it a bit Our hotel room at the Silver Cloud Inn was one of the nicest ones I have stayed in for a long time. The hotel is brand new, which helps, but at the same time the room was planned and decorated really well. There was plenty of light (natural and electric), good storage, nice seating, great beds, flat screen TV (the favourite of my male travel companions) and the bathroom was great. Aveda toiletries were the icing on the cake. It took a little while to get used to the trains going past all night, but that was a minor nuisance and after the first night we got used to the sounds.We only had drinks at the restaurant, which seemed like an upscale sportsbar. Which is natural as Safeco field is across the street. In a way I am happy we stayed at the Silver Cloud when Mariners were playing Away, the hotel and the streets around us would have been a lot tranquil with thousands of sportsfans wandering around.We paid USD 169 per night for the room, plus parking. This is a very good price in Seattle in a summer weekend. I have to admit I was concerned when Hotwire gave me this hotel location after making my reservation. I still think the location is not great (except for Baseball fans), but it is walkable to downtown and the free shuttle makes life a lot easier. (Walkable is more like a city hike, so everybody might not be willing to do it.)I would definitely stay at the Silver Cloud again, but at the same time I would be willing to pay a little more and stay truly downtown. I just wish I could take the hotel room with me, it was so great! Seattle Sheraton, pay attention...  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelingTrioOregon
<Content>LEFT out in the cold! We stayed on opening night really wanting to give this a try since we are Seahawks Season Ticket holders and Mariners fans. Unfortunately the fire alarm went off when we were just about asleep for the night. We grabbed a blanket for the baby and ran outside down several flights of stair in our jammies. The fire department came and we continued staying outside...NO ONE from the hotel EVER came out to say it was safe to go outside. My husband being angry went in to the desk and asked what the deal was and was told they didn't have TIME to tell their guests they could come back in as they were answering THE PHONE!!! I was out in the cold in just a nightgown and our two month old baby had on nothing but a diaper and fortunately we grabbed a thing blanket on the way out. There was never any apology from the staff...it was a horrid way to treat paying guests. The rooms were very average and the noise level with the trains make it hard to get any rest. We asked for extra towels and never got any.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	1	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>ahujanen
<Content>Train lovers only You better like trains if you stay at this hotel because you will hear them day and night. The whistles blow as they pass near the hotel and you WILL hear them. I am writing this on a Sunday morning at 9 am and I have heard 6 trains pass in the last hour. They are active all night long. I heard on pass in the early hours (1 am) Saturday morning.Otherwise the accommodations are nice, modern and clean. The location is decent. It is a short walk to the active areas of downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	5	2	1	5	

<Author>Reekas_Travels77
<Content>Wonderful Stay My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a week. It was quite lovely.  It's in a really great location - right across the street from Qwest and Safeco stadiums, walking distance to Pioneer Square, Pike Place, the International District, the Waterfront, and Pier 50 ferries. There are many restaurants, shops, and cafes within walking distance of the hotel.We walked everywhere, it was very easy to get around! If you are not a walker, the hotel does offer free shuttle services and there is also a free bus that can take you to most of the must see spots in town.If you have a car, the hotel has on site parking. It is also close to I-5 and I-90 so it is easy to get on the highway to visit places like Woodland Zoo, University District, Ballard, Freemont, etc.We had a wonderful time and would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>Tedf
<Content>A warm welcome at the Silver Cloud After reading reviews of many different hotels in Seattle, we settled on the Silver Cloud Stadium. As we were to get on an Alaskan cruise from Pier 30, the Silver Cloud's location was very handy. We had originally intended to stay one night; however, our plans changed and we had to stay for two, at quite short notice. The reservations staff couldn't have been more helpful when I called, and sent an email confirmation just minutes later.Every staff member we met was helpful and friendly, and were ready to answer any query with a smile. Our room was comfortable and quiet, loved the flat screen TV, the free internet access from the business centre was much appreciated, and the local shuttle provided by the hotel was excellent. Their restaurant, Denny's on First, deserves a review of its own. The food was excellent - great variety, fresh, tasty and well-priced. The service we received was beyond reproach. Why can't more restaurants/bars be more like this one?It goes without saying that this hotel would be the first choice for anyone going to a game at Safeco or Qwest Fields - it should also come into consideration for anyone visiting Seattle for any other reason. Pioneer Square is just a few blocks away, and the hotel shuttle will take you further if required. We'll definitely be back!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pdxerin
<Content>Great stay at Silver Cloud Stadium! We just returned from a weekend stay here. Make sure to request a room facing Safeco field. The view from our window was the front of Safeco field. The free continental breakfast has stopped now that the restaurant is open. Also, parking is 20$ per night in their lot. We never used our car during our visit. They can arrange for a free shuttle to take you anywhere downtown. We used this service several times which was very convenient. The room was on the small side but very comfortable. The big flat screen TV is a nice touch. Also our room came with a microwave and a small fridge. The toiletries are Aveda which is very nice. If you are a light sleeper make sure to bring ear plugs. The hotel is situated next to the train tracks and you can hear trains throughout the night. Hotel staff was very nice and we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>konarm
<Content>Play Ball My wife and I stayed here for the NY Yankee series May 11-13. Very nice room with a comfortable king bed. Great wall mounted flat screen 42'' HDTV. Delicious Tullys coffee in the room. Free newspaperon the doorknob each morning. Nice bathroom with extra deep tub and top shelf toiletries. Walk across the street to the game. Valet parking in the garage for a fee (no sign to indicate that) which shows up on your bill. I can't complain though because of the free shuttle to all the downtown attractions. That more than makes up for it. Some reviews state that a nice continental breakfast is provided.Not so. Maybe they stayed here before the restaurant Jimmys on First opened right in the lobby. We ate there and it was excellent but it was $30 for two of us. We had an omelot with hashbrowns and toast and coffee. Hotel staff very friendly and provided recommendations for local eateries. We will be back next season when the Yankees are in town. My two favorite teams are the Yankees and whoever is playingBoston.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bellaamericana
<Content>New hotel, expensive parking - location good for sporting events only! This was a very nice hotel - brand new! The hotel restaurant was still under construction when I stayed, but it looked like it would be nice. The room was comfortable (it was a little dark), and the flat-panel HD TV delighted my husband to no end! The round-the-clock Tully's coffee in the lobby was great to offset the horrible freezing rain we had to deal with. The excercise room is fantastic, with top-of-the-line equipment - bring your headphones to watch tv in the console monitors. The location is terrible unless you are only in town for a sporting event. There are homeless people sleeping in nearby doorways, and almost nothing around the hotel. We walked the distance to Pike's Market (walkable in good weather), but there are several blocks of empty buildings that aren't welcoming, and I wouldn't have walked it alone. The parking is EXPENSIVE, but there's nowhere else to park unless you want to leave your car in an unattended (dubious looking) lot. The staff was very nice, though, and the continental breakfast was acceptable (there's nowhere else to get breakfast nearby, so you might as well eat there).  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CP76
<Content>Horrible Customer Service! My husband and I stayed at the Silver Cloud because we were in town for a show. We had problems with the staff from the very beginning. I travel often with my work all over the country and over seas. I have never experienced such horrible treatment. Upon checking in the front counter staff asked for a credit card for deposit on the room as most hotels do. I informed them that I would be doing a cash deposit as was my custom due to past issues with identity theft and fraud. I have never had an issue with this at any other hotel. Often hotels will ask for a larger deposit if you do cash, but they always except it. In fact it is against the law in our country to refuse cash because as it states on any bill this note is legal tender for a debts public and private. Despite my explaining all of this the staff continued to argue with me. I explained to them all the various hotels I have stayed at and have never experienced any problem and in fact I even do a cash deposit for rental cars. The manager finally came out and was even more offensive. In light of the time and our need to get to our show, I told them I would consent to them charging a $25 dollar deposit on my credit card but no more and asked that they turn of my phone and pay channels because I did not want to be charged for any services by mistake. The next morning upon checkout the matter only got worse. As I was checking out I needed to pay for valet parking and expected them to charge against the previously authorized $25. They told me I would need to pay an additional $20 because they did not know how to do that. As a business owner I have a merchant account and know if you authorize a credit card you can then go in and use the pre-authorized amount for the actual charge. In fact that is what an authorization is for. Then the girl asked me if I would prefer to pay CASH for the parking! I was irate and said that I had tried to pay cash last night, but they wouldn't accept it! I refused to pay and insisted she charge against the already authorized amount and if she did not know how to do that she could call her merchant account provider and find out how to. The whole experience was absolutely ridiculous. I suggest the entire staff take a course in proper customer service skills and front desk procedure.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>mauilover0517
<Content>Take me out to the ballgame My husband won a contest through KJR 950 AM sportsradio. We received a double queen room and a $50 gift certificate for dinner. The room was beautiful. Aveda toiletries in the bathroom and Tullys coffee  herbal teas for the coffee service. Our room also had a mini fridge and microwave. We really enjoyed the 42 flat screen HDTV and wished I would have brought my Ipod for the alarm clock radio with Ipod hookup. Brought my laptop, but didn't get a chance to use the free high speed access. We enjoyed an excellent dinner of fish and chips and a seafood louis salad, 2 glasses of white wine and a large IPA. (all included in our $50 gift certificate) We walked across the street to Safeco to take in a Mariners game then came back and enjoyed the roof top hot tub. (pool wasn't filled yet) The free continental breakfast was a carb lovers dream with muffins, bagels, french toast and a belgian waffle machine. 3 types of juice and Tullys coffee and herbal teas. Only thing I would add is yogurt and or hard boiled eggs. I would definately stay here again and recommend it to friends and family.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kgerl
<Content>Fantastic hotel, highly recommend!   showReview(7231031, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>cybertao
<Content>It does the job   showReview(7227842, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	1	2	5	3	3	

<Author>obrienjs
<Content>Great staff    showReview(7190335, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maplesyrup24
<Content>great value!   showReview(6919263, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>Michimi
<Content>Incredible   showReview(6911358, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>éŠ‡îˆ˜ä»¾éŠ‡?> éŠ‡îˆ˜ä»¾éŠ‡?</a> </div>
<Content>éŠˆæ±‡å…—éŠ‰æ›˜å…éŠˆç‚½å„ éŠˆï½ƒå…—éŠ‰î‚ å„”éŠ‡î†¼å¯³é—…ï½ƒä¼„éŠ‰æ¶–å„éŠ‰?#x201d;   showReview(23171506, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buona soluzione e buon servizio   showReview(19634331, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

