<Author>NYHarry
<Content>Excellent       The Penthouse  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>banginout
<Content>Lovely Hotel Zandbergen My 29 year old son  I stayed @ the Hotel Zandbergen from November 8-15, 2008. The hotel was very clean. The entire staff was friendly and very helpful. Henk is the managing director, he is totally awesome and will make you feel @ home. Henk is very knowledgable and help you with any questions that you might have about the area. The hotel is near Vondel Park, which is very nice. The #2 trolley runs directly in front of the hotel. You can buy tickets @ the hotel. There are different types of tickets....the staff can explain. The hotel is not located in the heart of Amsterdam, it is more of a residential kind of area. You are near the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseums. The hotel also has a small,but good breakfast. Definately will go back .  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trish_dadish
<Content>Great location! We were given the four person room, which consisted of 4 seperate beds, and there was plenty of room for the 4 of us. The bathroom was extremely clean, and overall I was impressed with the room. The manager at the front desk was so nice and helpful. We spent a late night out, and he left breakfast out for us a full hour after it ended, and gave us tips on where to eat and have coffee. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good deal in a good location. There are two trams within close walking distance, and the Pjip is a great little neighborhood to explore on top of all the other attractions in the center.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ARAstudent
<Content>Loved the Zandbergen We spent a week at Hotel Zandbergen and loved everything about it: our huge room with kitchen and balcony, the wonderful breakfasts and the friendly and efficient staff. Henk, the manager, is terrific. We walked a lot 鈥?the museums, the Concertgebouw and Vondel Park are close -- but we also made much use of the tram, which stops just down the street. We enjoyed staying in a residential neighbourhood where we got an idea of how people live in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kashka
<Content>Outstanding Service and a Great Room for a Great Rate We arrived after a long 15 hour day of traveling, checked in, and was pleasantly surprised that we had been given a complimentary upgrade from a standard to a deluxe room by our fantastic host, Henk. ROOM 5 is the room to get, folks! Its appears to be the only room with a HUGE patio overlooking the garden. The bed was very comfortable, the continental breakfast in the morning was quite tasty. Henk went out of his way to make sure we were comfortable (me, my husband, and my 18 month old son). He even arranged babysitting for our little one while hubby  I attended a concert one evening. Sure this hotel is a little further south than the hip  happening American area of Leidseplein, but its on the electric tram line, so you can hop on  off no problem going anywhere. We rented bikes quite a bit, so transport was not a big deal ever. PLUS you're only a couple blocks from the fantastic Vondelpark, a great place to take a stroll and have a picnic. A big THANK YOU to Henk for making our stay so great!! We would be HAPPY to return the next time we're in Amsterdam!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>helmil
<Content>Highly recommended This hotel was recommended to us by someone on the Amsterdam forum and suited our needs perfectly. The whole property was spotless, the staff friendly and helpful and the breakfast good. It's not located in the centre of town but was right on a tram line, two minutes to Vondelpark and a ten minute walk to the Museum precinct.A few minor things that aren't the fault of the hotel but might put certain groups of travellers off were the steep stairs (to avoid this in Amsterdam you would need to go for a big hotel with lifts) and there is nothing for kids to do. I travelled with a 9yo and we were out all day so it was fine but you would need to bring things for younger kids to play with.Overall though, I would recommend this to anyone and will definitely stay here on our next visit  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DAISYSydney_Nsw
<Content>Disappointed I recently stayed at the Hotel Zandbergen. Arriving at night there was no one but a young girl to assist us up two very steep flights of stairs with our luggage. The manager was not around on the two nights that we stayed but was certainly very courteous on the morning we departed. Our bedroom was very small and the fittings overall were quite basic and aged and even though we asked for the faulty phone to be checked, it was never fixed. The ensuite was clean but minimal. I believe that to write a good review on this hotel it would depend on the type and size of the room you stayed in. It was also a distance out of the central area even though it was a short tram ride in. For these reasons I do not understand how it could have been given such a high rating on the website.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	3	4	

<Author>bayarddc
<Content>pleasant hotel in amsterdam Well reviewed hotel, worthy of praise. The rooms make remarkably efficient use of very small space. Hotel personnel are uniformly pleasant and helpful. Good breakfast. The Zandbergen sits outside the main tourist area, a short tram ride from Central Station (#2); you can easily walk to the main musea in under 10 minutes. The neighborhood has decent restaurants and the lovely Vondel Park. Downside: very steep stairs, no elevator, so not for those unable to climb. It's not some fabulous wonder in Amsterdam, but it is a fine hotel, reasonably priced, with exceptionally nice people.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scoutingfortravels
<Content>Lovely Hotel near the pleasant Vondel Park I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights-Only returned home yesterday!We stayed in a nice double room overlooking the back of the hotel. Room and bed very comfortable and the bathroom looked pretty new-Very clean and tidy.Staff very friendly.Stairs are quite steep so probably not best if your mobility is not 100%.Would recommend this hotel (book a room at the back otherwise you'll be overlooking the busy road).  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nhunixguy
<Content>Amazing service  I recently stayed at the Hotel Zandbergen with a colleague as part of a business trip. The two things that made me pick the hotel were the good reviews here (at the time it was #5 of 324 hotels in Amsterdam) and the price. Due to the current exchange rate, we're encouraged to save money on trips to Europe and the idea of paying less than 100 Euros for a highly rated hotel in Amsterdam was irresistable. While the Hotel was very nice and Henk was the best host I could imagine, the bottom line is that you get what you pay for and we didn't pay much. Decide what you really need from your hotel stay.First, the strengths: I think that the May 30 review by sirtravel is unduly harsh. The location is next to Vondelpark. It's a beautiful and quiet part of town with restaurants and shops. It is not on a canal or near one, but it's right next to the #2 Tram. The Leidseplein is 1/2 mile away, and it's either a 20 minute walk or a 5 minute Tram ride. I prefer this location to a more downtown one because it's cleaner and less chaotic, but this isn't the location for you if you want to be close to the Red Light district and the coffeeshops.The other strength of this hotel is the staff. I don't know why one of the local millionares (it's that kind of neighborhood) doesn't pay Henk 10,000 Euros per month to be his personal assistant. He's really that good. He takes care of everything and is never flustered. The rest of the staff is very helpful, but they're mostly a bunch of kids that you have to second guess. One of them sent me downtown to a music store that was closed, and then later tried to send a fax without success. The kid tried, but the star of the show is Henk.Finally, the place is very clean. They do a good job and the only things in the entire hotel that didn't shine were the brass handrails in the staircases and I don't know how they could be kept clean for more than a minute.As for weaknesses: The single rooms are painfully small, but they're what you'd expect for less than 100 Euros in a clean hotel in an expensive part of town. At less than 7 feet wide, the single rooms are more like a cabin on a cruise ship than a hotel room. And the single rooms all seem to be in the front of the building. Amsterdam was warm when we first arrived and the choice was to keep the window open and listen to the tram or shut the window and bear with the heat. On the second day I asked for a fan and within minutes the problem was solved. I only wish that there was already a fan in each room.There's also no elevator and the staircases are narrow and steep. If you've got heavy luggage and there's just a small girl checking you in, it's an effort. And if you've just flown over from the U.S., you've going to have to deal with it when you're tired.Finally, the phones aren't really reasonable for business travelers. If you use the hotel's long distance carrier, it's maybe 2 euros per minute to call home. I didn't try, this is just what I remember from the instructions in the room. If you've got an ATT card, someone at the front desk has to dial the number for you, then forward it to your room, and then you have to say the number because pressing the buttons confuses the system. And there's no one at the front desk after 10PM (4PM east coast time, 1PM west coast time), so if you want to call home in the evening, it's not going to happen. And calls into the hotel seem to go through the switchboard aren't necessarily going to reach you once the front desk closes.Overall, this is a nice hotel in a location that I really like. The joy of letting Henk and his staff take care of me outweighed the inconveniences and I would certainly consider staying here again. Especially if I didn't have a lot of luggage, didn't have any need to call home late at night, and was on a vacation with my wife and staying in a larger room.One last comment is that the hotel is non-smoking. To me it's a strength but my colleague smokes and did not see this as a good thing.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>George.Quinones
<Content>Great place to stay My wife and I spend 4 nights at Hotel Zandbergen in early May.Henk and his staff were very helpfull and make you feel welcomed. They helped with directions, tram tickets, restaraunts and reservations.The Location is in residential area, 3 stops on the tram to the museums and about 20 minutes to central station on the tram.We stayed in one of the studios, it was clean, roomy, nice clean bathroom, kitchen, a small balcony and a comfortable bed.We would recommend this hotel to friends and family and would stay there again.We had a great time in Amsterdam!George  Theresa Quinones  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sirtravel
<Content>not as good as i was expecting I was really looking forward to finding a new hotel in Amsterdam and the reviews for Hotel Zandbergen looked so good. I have stayed in Amsterdam a few dozen times and have experienced a range of hotels from one star to four stars, so I have a pretty good reference point for this city.I think this property has many different rooms and your experience would be directly proportionate to the nature of your room. Unfortunately, my experience is not reflective of the other reviews and like drslamb I really question the methodology that puts this hotel in the top ten in Amsterdam. The first mistake was mine -- I should have noticed how far the hotel is from the center. While the hotel is just on the #2 tram line, the trams stop at 00.30 (12.30am) so if you stay out late plan to take a taxi or a long walk (I'd say 30 minutes from the Leidseplein). In addition, there is something nice about staying in the canal rings in Amsterdam and this is far from the canal rings.Second, I got an unbelievably small room (and I am used to small rooms) that was facing onto the main road (Willemsparkweg) so I could hear all the traffic and trams. The bathroom was such that the shower was integrated into the bathroom itself so that once you showered the entire floor was covered in water. The toiletries were basically nonexistent except for some shower gel in the wall dispenser. The towels and linens were fine and the bed was comfortable. I had no trouble sleeping -- I kept the window closed to keep out the noise. There was sufficient closet space so I got my luggage out of the way to make more room. The TV was set uncomfortably above the bed and I did not watch much TV. And the wireless internet service worked intermittently and could not be relied upon for business purposes. Now on the positive side, the staff are incredibly helpful and the manager Henk is as charming and courteous as the earlier reviewers have said. The breakfast was typical Dutch breakfast -- meats, cheeses, hard-boiled eggs, breads, rolls + croissant, cereals, coffee, tea, milk, juices -- and Henk made sure the newspaper was sitting on your table. The service was very good.But unfortunately, the location away from the center and the small room could not be corrected by Henk's genuine service. As indicated earlier, it looks like there was some very nice larger rooms (including ones with terraces or gardens that faced away from the road) that are probably worth the extra cost. I'll probably try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	5	2	

<Author>letoz
<Content>Excellant staying all round the world i rate this hotel as 1 of the best very very friendly but dont repeat dont eat at the PIZZERIA TIVOLI just round the corner it is a very unfriendly overpriced dreadful cafe AVOID  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drslamb
<Content>A nice hotel This is a nice hotel, but the reviews seem to go a bit overboard. I think that's because the manager (owner?) and the people who work there are all so nice. They bend over backwards to make your stay comfortable and to help you plan your day. The hotel is very pleasant and there was nothing wrong with it... but I find it's rating of 7 out of all hotels in Amsterdam an exaggeration. I would certainly go back and know what I was getting, but I might try something else too. In fact, 12 years ago I stayed at Seven Bridges and I think it was in a lovelier location (near the canals). So here goes with this review -- the room I stayed in was very pleasant and very clean. It was large enough and it had a nice terrace outside. The breakfast in the morning is fine, with hardboiled eggs, cheeses, ham, croissants, cereals, and fruit -- coffee of course. There are phones and TVs in the room. I thought the bathroom was quite large for a small hotel. There is also internet service in the room (free) as well as on the computer in the lobby. The only reason I might stay elsewhere is to be closer to the canals. This hotel is in a safe and lovely neighborhood near Vondelpark. and the museums. The park is great but it's nicer to walk around the canals. This can be done easily enough but you need to take a 15 minute walk first through the park to get to that area. The tram stops right outside of this hotel and it's easy to get anywhere in Amsterdam... so you can take the tram to nicer places to walk. It's also nice to rent a bike, but once again, you have to walk through the park to Leidseplein to rent a bike. You do get the feeling you're a little bit on the outskirts of the city even though it's in the city. All in all, I might stay here again...but I also might go back to Seven Bridges. I think they're comparable but the location makes a different. If you do stay at Hotel Zandbergen, go to the nice tapas restaurant a few blocks away. We thought that was exceptional!... go South to the end of the block, and then take a left and walk 2 or 3 blocks and it's on your left. And if you look for a Reizstafel (rice table) at an INdonesian restaurant -- I think it's better to order separate small dishes than to let them figure out what 12 dishes go together... That's all. Enjoy.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zanzadog
<Content>Great Stay After a 2week tour of BeNeLux, we ended with a 2 night stay atZandbergen. It's in a nice, residential neighborhood butvery close to Vondel Park , good restaraunts, and the sites. It sits right on the tram route #2, so convenient transport.The service was SO attentive from the start. The evening receptionist even worked on printing out our airline boardingpasses while we went to dinner (as the printer had issues). Way above and beyond the expected and quite appreciated!Our room was large, quiet, comfortable. Breakfast was quite impressive. Free internet in lobby was awesome for catching up.Highly recommended if you'd like to be a little bit out of thedowntown Tourist Traps.Zanzadog  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lucy516
<Content>Perfect Place to Stay! Well, what can I say that has not already been said by other visitors? I took my Mum on a birthday treat to this great hotel, based on what I had read on Trip Advisor, and was not disappointed.From the moment Henk greeted us with a friendly smile and warm welcome - we felt right at home. Our room was on the ground floor - thank goodness! No stairs to be negociated, apart from the entry set. I recommend asking for this room - room 19 if you have mobility issues and can manage the 6 or 7 steps into the hotel.It was sparklingly clean and was kept clean throughout our visit of 4 nights. It did not feel cramped at all, and the double door cut out all the sound you would anticipate hearing from reception, and the comings and goings of the other guests. I've never had such a good nights sleep in a hotel... ever...!We loved the view of the garden and the wonderful trees you could see in both directions. The position of the hotel was fantastic for visiting Van Gough museum, and the fact that the tram was 1 minute from the hotel was a complete bonus. Henk can sell you the tram passes on reception, which is great, especially on the first day, when everything is new and unknown.He is also a great source of information, as others have pointed out, and even recommended tips on safety and warmth of clothes - which was very welcome, as we would have got it wrong on that day!!Anyway, folks, in summary, lovely service, great breakfast, fab location, a great advert for Dutch hospitality.... just watch out for those mad cyclists, you take your life into your hands crossing roads!!Enjoy... we'll be back... just don't book room 19 when we want to visit :0)  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fionagus
<Content>A wonderful experience !! I have just returned from a two night stay in this outstanding hotel. I booked based on the reviews on trip advisor and they were not wrong. What a find! The rooms, though small, were spotless and very comfortable. The staff were very hospitable, friendly and extremly helpful. I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sundogg99
<Content>Off the beaten path, but worth the journey The Hotel Zandbergen is a three star property, which means you won't find such amenities as 24 hour room service or a concierge. What you will get at a decent 3 star hotel is a clean, comfortable room with en-suite bath, a daily breakfast, and (in the case of the Zandbergen) a pleasant getaway in the genteel neighborhood adjacent to Vondelpark. We chose the hotel based on its consistently high ratings and reasonable nightly tariff. February is off-season, but Amsterdam is popular year-round for tourists, so rates are not as discounted as in other more seasonal destinations. We got a double room with breakfast for 125 Euro/night. Our flight from North America arrived at Schiphol Airport in the early morning, and we caught the popular Connexxion hotel shuttle service to the hotel, arriving shortly after 9 AM. We'd contacted the hotel previously about our early arrival, and although they couldn't promise us a room, we were encouraged to check in and at least drop off our bags. As it turned out, a room was available for us when we arrived. We enjoyed a fresh croissant and some coffee, after which we took a sorely-needed shower to freshen up after our overnight flight. The Zandbergen occupies two adjacent three-storey buildings, but as is typical of Amsterdam architecture, the buildings are quite narrow. The hotel does not include an elevator and the stairs to the second and third floors are exceptionally steep. Visitors with mobility problems will be challenged to schlep bags from street level to the guest rooms. Once upstairs, don't expect a lot of extra room in your room. Space is at a premium and our hotel room, although adequate in every way, was quite small. The very comfortable double bed took up most of the floor space, with a tiny desk and closet occupying most of the remaining area. The bath was similarly cozy, and included a miniature tub/shower combination, a toilet, sink, and a long shelf on which we could perch our toiletries. Although our room was among the smallest I've ever occupied, the space was well-utilized and everything was of good quality and in fine working order. From our third floor window we gazed across the hotel's rear courtyard area to the yards and windows of adjacent homes. The Zandbergen is located in the Oud Zuid / Museumplein area of Amsterdam. It's about a 10-15 minute walk to the Concertgebouw, Rijksmuseum, and Van Gogh museum, and perhaps 15-20 minutes to the Leidseplein area. Vondelpark is just two blocks from the hotel. The neighborhood is a tree-lined mix of shops, upscale restaurants, and gentrified homes. Not nearly as lively as the area closer to the center of town, it is nevertheless a vibrant, non-touristy part of town and a pleasant break from the omnipresent crowds of tourists in the center. Our return flight left very early in the morning and we were unable to use the shuttle service, so we arranged for a cab to pick us up. The fixed fare from the hotel to Schiphol is 30 Euros - significantly less than the 50+ Euros you'll spend to get from the airport to the center of town. Staff at the hotel were unfailingly pleasant and helpful. They put out a pretty decent breakfast of cereal, croissants and bread, fruit, juice, and coffee or tea, all of which can be enjoyed in the hotel's cheerful breakfast room. In addition, we got some good advice regarding day trips from Amsterdam, as well as recommendations for restaurants in the area. All in all, the staff were a real asset to the hotel. The Hotel Zandbergen fit into our budget and our plans nicely, and I'd recommend it to anyone who wants a reasonably priced three star type room in Amsterdam  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>strangerb74
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for two nights in April 08. Great basic hotel. The staff we absolutely wonderful. Nothing fancy but nice clean with a good location. Hotel is located in a residential area just south of the city. City is approximately a 15 minute walk, and a five minute walk to the Van Gogh. Very nice neighborhood. The staff was very helpful with travel tips and transport. Breakfast was good and the room was clean and nice. Would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KimDallas_TX
<Content>Warm, Welcoming and Wonderful! Our family of four (two daughters 6 and 11) stayed at the Zandbergen for three nights over spring vacation. We all agree that it was one of the highlights of our trip. The hotel is in a traditional Dutch house in a residential area of Amsterdam, a short walk from the Van Gogh Museum. Henk is an excellent host, his resturant and sightseeing suggestions were just right for our family. The hotel is very clean and well cared for, the garden is lovely. Breakfast was very nice and the coffee was outstanding.If you are looking for a hotel experience that brings you closer to the local cuture and you wish to stay away from the big box/cookie cutter hotels, the Zandbergen is the place for you!We are looking forward to future visits.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jeffords
<Content>4th stay at Zandbergen I just finished my 4th stay at the Hotel Zandbergen. I'm a repeat customer because I like the hotel's location, rooms, and service.The hotel is in an upper middle-class residential area. Quality cafes, shops, and boutiques are just around the corner. Also very close is Vondelpark, Amsterdam's main park and perfect spot for any athletic or leisure activity. A short walk away are the Van Gogh and Rijkes museums, and the Concertgebouw. Further afield is easily accessible via the tram which passes right in front of the hotel.I like the rooms I've stayed in. They are clean and well decorated. The hotel obviously cares - many thoughtful touches are evident. My favorite room has a large balcony overlooking the inner courtyard. The hotel's service is lead by its owner/manager, Henk de Lugt. He is a master of the nearly lost art of hospitality. I actually feel welcomed and well taken care of during my stays. Henk is also a superb source of information on things to see and do, in and out of Amsterdam.I recommend the Hotel Zandbergen to anyone (solo, couple, or family) visiting Amsterdam. Unless you have-to-stay within the canals or simply prefer larger hotels, I don't think you could go wrong staying here.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>out_of_VA
<Content>Lovely, homey hotel Just returned from a 2 day stay in this lovely little hotel. We travel with three kids, so we need to find a lower priced hotel in order to make 2 rooms affordable. If we stay longer than 2 nights we usually rent an apartment. This hotel/inn filled the bill because we were given a double (2 single beds - oops) and a triple on the same floor - yes the stairs were steep, but they helped us out and even my 10 year old daughter could pretty much do it. The small lobby had a nice place for us to sit as a family and a hearty and healthy breakfast. The manager and anyone who was on duty went out of their way to help us - whether with restaurant recommendations, assistance with public transport, ordering a cab or just ideas of what to do in the cold and rain. I highly recommend this clean, comfortable and homey hotel, unless you are looking for ultra luxury and faceless international standard chain-style hotels.... the location, by the way, is a bit farther out than the museums, but a quick walk and definitely out of the madness of the central city - a plus for us.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Young_Single_Female
<Content>Great Stay at Zandbergen!! Zanbergen is a very welcoming hotel. A traditional Amsterdam-Style House, which is lovely! The rooms are nice, well-equipped and very clean!! The Staff are extremely nice and helpful! It's a little away from the tourist areas, such as Dam Square, but a 10min walk or 2 minute tram ride will get you there. In a nice area of town. Being a little away from the tourist areas makes for a quite night too! Lovely people, great hotel!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>QuentinS
<Content>Everything we expected The Zandbergen more than met all the expectations other reviews here had given us. Friendly and welcoming, clean, neat, tidy. It really is a great location for the museums etc. It's less than 10 minutes' walk to the Van Gogh (and Stedelijk when it reopens), and another minute or two to the Rijksmuseum. Walking another 5 minutes towards the city centre gets you to Leidseplein area, with lots of restaurants and bars. Or a tram from the hotel will take you to the centre in less than 10 minutes, from the tram stop just thirty yards from the hotel. Our double bed room was great, maybe a little compact, but not inconveniently so, with good, non-hotel-chain decor and fittings. Henk and his staff were friendly and helpful, and it says a lot about the Zandbergen that the only negative I can think of about our whole stay is that the light fittings over the bed are in the way if you want to sit up and read!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AM&AP
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed here for a night, and booked the hotel solely on the basis of other peoples' reviews.And we weren't disappointed.First, the location. It's on a lovely residential street a little bit out from the craziness of the city centre - but not too far that you can't walk if you feel like - or take a tram where the stop is 30 metres from the hotel.We arrived by car, and parked in Museumplein and walked to the hotel. On checking in, the woman working on the front desk told us it is very expensive to park there, and recommended that we leave the car at the Park and Ride facility at the olympic stadium - which wasn't too far out at all.Although we didn't need help with out bags, she also showed us to our room.The room was large enough, overlooking the garden. It was clean and fresh. The bathroom - although small, was also clean and actually had more than enough room.The breakfast was fantastic. Great bread. Cold meats, cheeses, fruit, cereal, and the best soft boiled eggs I have ever had in a hotel.Henk, the owner, was also the perfect host during breakfast, and full of advice and hints for things to do when we were checking out.When staying in Amsterdam again, I'll certainly be staying here.It's not a luxury hotel 5* hotel, but the service and attention you get from the people working there surpass the service I have had on other occasions in luxury hotels.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>USMA1986
<Content>Great Choice in Amsterdam The Hotel Zandbergen is a clean, comfortable inn-type hotel located just outside the canal rings of Amsterdam. My wife and I recently stayed there the weekend before driving to Germany for business meetings. We were looking for someplace reasonably priced, clean, well run and convenient to a tram line. The Hotel Zandbergen easily met those requirements.The hotel is located on Willensparkweg in a residential neighborhood. This is a high rent district of Amsterdam where very expensive automobiles are commonplace. Neither my wife nor I found this neighborhood to be nearly as busy as some previous reviewers have indicated. The hotel is a two-minute walk from either the Emmastraat or Cornelis Schuytstraat tram stops on Line 2. A tram comes by every 10 minutes and will quickly take you to any place in Amsterdam in 10-15 minutes. If you were so inclined to walk to Central Station, it would take about 35 minutes. The appeal of the Zandbergen is that it is NOT in the middle of Amsterdam where hoards of noisy tourists and traffic rob the city of its charm. (TIP: If arriving from Schipol, take the train to Station Amsterdam South [World Trade Center], get on Tram 5 towards Amsterdam and get off at the Van Baerlestraat stop. Get on Tram 2 toward Sloten [away from Amsterdam] and go three stops to Emmastraat).The Zandbergen is in a typical Amsterdam dwelling with steep, narrow staircases and no elevator. Older or less fit folks with heavy suitcases could have some issues if no one is around to help. Our very clean, moderately sized room had a nice double bed with comfortable linens. The spotless bathroom was medium sized with modern fixtures and bright, clean tile. There was plenty of closet space. The TV had BBC1 and BBC2 and several other channels in English subtitled in Dutch. Our room even had a large balcony measuring about 16 square meters that looked upon a quiet courtyard. Breakfast was always fresh and ample, and the coffee was fabulous.The owner of the hotel, Henk, is one of the more pleasant people you will encounter anywhere. He is the consummate professional and a wealth of knowledge. And he truly understands service. As an example, one morning I came down right at 0700 for breakfast. Henk was still in the process of setting up. He stopped everything just to make me a cup of coffee without me having to ask. I even received an email from Henk a few days after we departed thanking us for our stay.The Hotel Zandbergen is not a luxury hotel. There are plenty of those in Amsterdam if that is what you are looking for. It is, however, a clean, comfortable and quiet place to stay just a few minutes removed from the hustle and bustle of Amsterdam. I found it to be a good value and would not hesitate to return on my next visit to Amsterdam.(p.s. If you are looking for a true culinary delight, then do NOT miss Spring Restaurant. It is a two-minute walk from the Zandbergen on the corner of Willensparkweg and Cornelis Schuytstraat. I eat here every time I鈥檓 in Amsterdam and it has always been outstanding. http://www.restaurantspring.nl)  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Peacecow
<Content>Nice Inn, nice people, but no way a #5 hotel First, the hotel is a little far out and NOT on the Vondelpark, but on the busy Willemstraat a couple of streets over. The Zandbergen is more of an Inn than a hotel as the front desk closes at 10 pm and there are no elevators--very tough, steep stairs, but they DO help you with your bags.The rooms are nice and newly redone, BUT, mine had single beds against the wal that I did not expect. Henk, the owner, is a gem of a person, very nice.As I wanted a full double bed AND access to a computer at any time (the reception closes at 10, as mentioned) I had to move to another hotel. I found a much better facility, nearby at 25% less cost. Now I'd say the fact it was off-season had a lot to do with this. In any event it is a supply and demand situation.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	5	3	4	2	

<Author>dobedobedo
<Content>Great hotel Having read previous reviews (many thanks to all contributors), my wife and I stayed in the Hotel Zandbergen for 5 nights last month (Nov 07) and had a wonderful time. The hotel is spotless throughout, breakfast is both enjoyable and ample, the owner/manager couldn't be more friendly/helpful and the bedroom TV even had BBC1 and BBC2! As regards location, the hotel is situated in a quiet tree-lined residential area (thankfully well away from the hustle and bustle of downtown Amsterdam) but is easily reached by Tram 2 from Central Station - get off at Emmastraat (3 stops from Van Gogh Museum stop), walk back about 30 yards along tram route (Willemsparkweg) and you're there. Other highlights of our trip were visits to Anne Frank House, Rijksmuseum, Haarlem (lovely town (recommended by hotel owner) about 15 mins by train from Amsterdam Central Station), free Wednesday lunchtime concert in Concertgebouw (also recommended by hotel owner), Museum Amstelkring (aka Our Lord In The Attic museum), which is on the fringe of the RLD and (best of all) Museum Speelklok (superb collection of musical boxes, barrel organs, fairground organs etc) in Utrecht (lovely city about 30 mins from Amsterdam Central Station). Finally, if visiting around Christmas, would highly recommend Christmas Palace shop at 508-510 Singel (on the flower market) - Beautiful stuff and friendliest shopkeeper ever.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Keeley_Mansfield
<Content>Comfortable and Well-Located I booked the Hotel Zandbergen on the strength of the reviews here, and I was not disappointed. The hotel is well located in a quiet residential area, with a tiny bakery nearby (great bread and sausage rolls!), as well as a chemist and some nice boutique-style shops. A few stops on the tram will take you into the city, and the Vondelpark is very close if you want to take a stroll.The hotel itself was clean and pleasant, and we stayed in a double room with comfortable beds, clean rooms and what appeared to be a newly-refurbished bathroom. The style of the room itself was dated, but perfectly functional and more spacious than expected. We had a first floor room with a balcony that faced a Rear Window setting that Hitchcock would approve of, though the weather was too poor to sit outside - and a warning here - the decking was very slippery after the rain. The mini-bar was well stocked, the TV had satellite channels and there was free Internet access in the lobby. The breakfast was very good and there was plenty of choice. I found some of the staff to be somewhat curt and distracted on our arrival, but the manager, Henk, was constantly charming and very eager to please his customers.As everyone else has mentioned, the stairs are very steep and precarious - however, the staff are more than willing to help you with your bags.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>cutterquick
<Content>Excellent Boutique Hotel Great place!! Excellent and helpful staff. The coffee in the morning was the best. They sent me accurate directions to get there from the airport and made some very good suggestions on what to see. The manager really looked out for everybody.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>juliobsas
<Content>Great hotel, very helpful staff, nice location I stayed with my wife in this hotel on vacation and we liked it a lot. It is well located (close to the museums and good restaurants). There is a tram stop almost in front of the hotel to go to the city center and the train station. The staff is extremely helpful and they gave us very good recommendations. Just one comment: it does not have any lift (not suprising in Amsterdam though).  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bluestlove
<Content>Overall it was o.k. We stayed in the penthouse suite at Hotel Zandbergen the last few nights of our honeymoon. The location is actually quite great *because* it is a walk away from the city center's hustle and bustle. Though, it is still relatively close to museums and shopping. Henk is a gracious host and the breakfast was delicious. The penthouse itself may not be worth the walk up the stairs if you wanting 'the best' room in the house. The other rooms seemed enjoyable enough. I would say book the penthouse if you had a family.Negatives:The internet did not work in our room. We had to sit at the bottom of the stairs to use it. There were dirty dishes in the sink when we arrived. They do not replenish towels. The t.v. remote was lost/broken. The shower spilled onto the bathroom floor because the shower doors were leaky. We could not make outgoing calls from our phone, and none of the staff could figure out why. The previous reviews are not exaggerating: the stairs are quite steep and narrow. There is no lift. This was somewhat of a problem, as we had 4 large suitcases. Also, the reception desk is not open all the time. We had to wake up the staff to check out at 6 am.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	4	1	

<Author>davetwo
<Content>Very nice small hotel I'm glad to say all the positive reviews of the Hotel Zandbergen are correct. On arrival, my partner 鈥?who was unsure about the hotel after seeing some photos of the rooms on a website 鈥?was immediately reassured by the spotlessly clean hotel and the extremely warm and helpful staff. I would not hesitate to stay at the Hotel Zandbergen again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travellers286
<Content>Great stay at the Zandbergen. My partner and I spent three nights at the Zandbergen Hotel in September, and were delighted with all aspects of our stay. Henk and his staff were extremely welcoming, and went out of their way to help us with any queries or requirements during our stay (assistance with our luggage was offered without being requested).Our twin room was on the top floor of the hotel, overlooking the rear garden. The room was on the small side, common in Europe, but was very well equipped, with comfortable beds and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was of a good size, modern with sparkling white tiles, and appeared to have been refurbished in the recent past.We really enjoyed the excellent breakfast buffest served in the dining room, and the facilities of the lounge off the Reception area (particularly the complementary internet access).The hotel is situated in a quiet, leafy area of Amsterdam, with easy access to the main city area by tram (which stops virtually outside the hotel). There are a number of restaurants, cafes and convenience stores in the streets surrounding the hotel.We highly recommend the Zandbergen for a quality, but modestly priced, level of accommodation in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>1hairleft
<Content>If I could give Hotel Zandbergen a 10, I would!       Cozy comfortable bed  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>oceanDelrayBeach
<Content>Wonderful hotel  We have never returned home after a trip to Europe finding ourselves talking at greater length about our lodging facilities than the cultural moments we had  historic sites we visited in our destination city. Henk D. de Lugt  his staff made us feel welcome every minute of the day throughout our 2 week stay at their lovely Amsterdam hotel. The upbeat, warm  friendly approach from all of them was a wonderful exposure to the people of the Netherlands and is for us the most meaningful experience we can have in a country new to us. Couple this with spotless rooms, fine breakfast offerings, spacious bathroom facilities, peaceful surroundings in a relatively quiet neighborhood, easy tram access to all parts of the city and you have the formula for a perfect vacation. We can never adequately thank the folks at the Zandbergen for their travel trips, dining advice and hospitality. We just hope to be able to return soon.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EduardTravels
<Content>Second stay, even better than last time! I stayed here in May 2006 before the Hotel was purchased by Henk and loved it. Very happy to confirm other reports that nothing has changed and maybe even more friendly!!!So why will I continue to stay here? Besides the friendly staff it has easy access to tram, great neighborhood, short walk to museums and reasonable price. To be honest, if you want a very big room, can't walk stairs or want to be in the middle of the craziness - you won't be happy.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>pigletthepug
<Content>Smooth sailing at Zandbergen stayed at this hotel with husband and 2.5 year old in Oct 2007.We received a room on the 2nd floor (3rd floor to Americans). It had 2 twin beds pushd together and something of a cross between a twin bed and a sofa. The room was sparkling clean, but no denying that it is tiny. It overlooks a common garden and fellow neighbors in the back....so it's quiet. There is a computer with free hispeed Internet in the lobby. The locations is very very close to the number 2 train, which takes you everywhere. BUT, its not close to Leidsplein. We stayed at Hestia....a very comparable hotel that is much closer to the Leidsplein. Zandbergen is in a nice residential area. You can also ask them to do your laundry for you at 7.5 euro per load. All in all, a very pleasant stay. I would recommend this place if you are interested in museums. But, it's a bit further from Leidsplein area.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jdbri
<Content>An excellent find I returned from a three-night stay at Hotel Zandbergen yesterday and I was very impressed.Henk, the owner, is very friendly and helpful, as are all his staff; nothing seemed to be too much trouble to them and they readily volunteered additional useful information to questions I asked.The included breakfast is typical Dutch, and of very good quality. The buffet consists of excellent ham, cheeses, bread/toast and rolls, croissants, jam, cereals, fresh fruits, hard-boiled egg, juice and tea or coffee.My room was spotless (as was the rest of the hotel) and the mini-bar reasonably priced. My only slight complaint is that both my brother and I found our beds to be a little on the soft side.The hotel is close to the Van Gogh Museum and the Rijsmuseum. It's a little way out of the city centre, but it's close enough to walk in, especially if a caf茅 break is taken half-way. Regular, frequent trams travel to and from the centre from close to the hotel.I liked the Zandbergen and I won't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>2adventure
<Content>Very Nice Place to Stay We chose this hotel based upon the reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. The staff and the owner/manager Hank were outstanding and went the extra mile to make sure our stay was as pleasurable as possible. The breakfast in the morning was good, and the free internet access was a real plus for us. The hotel is a very long walk from most sites, so make sure to acquaint yourself with how to use the tram. It is the best way to get around Amsterdam and is a good value. The distances on the maps we had were much farther than they appear, and although we love to walk, we ended up using the tram and it was much easier. Our room was simple, small, but clean and comfortable. Amsterdam, as much of Europe is now, is very expensive, and the hotel was a good value. What really makes the stay here is the staff. They are kind, helpful, and will do anything they can to make your stay as pleasant as possible. I would recommend the hotel to anyone and would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ibpeo
<Content>Loved it! In the spring of 2007 four of us senior citizens booked four rooms at the Hotel Zandbergen not really believing that this little jewel would live up to the praise that it had received. We stayed for 6 nights. The truth is that we all were so very pleasantly surprised. Our rooms, while small, were spotless, efficient and wonderful. We all would stay there again; in fact, one of our group has booked another stay and is taking her husband this time. Of course, she has booked one of the larger rooms since they will be sharing. The breakfast buffet was wonderful; we had a great variety of things from which to choose, and the coffee was delicious (something you don't always find.) This hotel is convenient to the tram; it is withing walking distance of many wonderful things; restaurants are very handy if you want to eat in the neighborhood; and, having free access to the internet is a huge plus!The hotel staff couldn't have been more fantastic. Each one was helpful and really seemed concerned that we enjoy ourselves. They helped us find good restaurants and arranged tours for us, and when they all gathered 'round to say goodbye at the end of our week-long stay, their comments were genuine. We all would recommend The Hotel Zandbergen highly. It is all they claim it to be.~~Stu A.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rrave
<Content>Charming welcome to Amsterdam We stayed at the Zandbergen for two nights and were very pleased with our room and the service provided by Henk and staff. We took the train from the airport to Central Station and then Tram 2 that stops only 陆 block past the hotel. With the tram stop so close, we bought a 48 hour tram pass and used it to travel all over Amsterdam for the next two days.We arrived before our room was ready so Henk said we could sit in the breakfast room to wait until we could check-in. He served us tea and made many great recommendations while we waited. Our spotless room was up two steep staircases from the reception but Henk carried up our luggage so was not a problem. The room had two large windows that faced the street and it was light and bright. We enjoyed listening to and watching the street scene below especially the bicyclists! The bathroom was good size with plenty of hot water. The beds were comfortable and pillows soft.The breakfast buffet was delicious and was constantly being restocked by the attentive staff. The internet connection was fast and for those without a laptop, there was a PC in the lobby.We couldn't have asked for a more delightful hotel for our first nights of our first trip to Europe.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stanislov
<Content>Little gem in Amsterdam Based on T.A.'s reviews, I booked a room at this hotel a couple of months before my trip. I was not disappointed. The location was great, very close to Vondelpark, Van Gogh and Rijks museums, and only a 25-30 min walk to Amsterdam's center (Dam Square). As mentioned in earlier posts, there's a tram (#2) out front that can take you downtown if walking's not your thing. I had a small single room in the front of the building, which although a little noisy at night, was very clean and comfortable. Staff are only too happy to try and accommodate any requests (eg, extra pillow, extra blanket, etc.) . They also arranged pickup with the airport bus. Having the ample breakfast included was very convenient as well. Staff made some recommendations for restaurants in the area, but I happened on to Brasserie Bark opposite Museumplein, which had excellent seafood. Overall, Hotel Zandbergen made by 3 day stay in Amsterdam most enjoyable.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lisa928
<Content>Great location, friendly staff Just returned from a week-long stay at this lovely little hotel in the Vondelpark area of Amsterdam. The location is ideal, a little quieter than being in the center of the city, but within a few steps of the #2 tram. The staff were so friendly and helpful, especially the manager Henk. He made it a point to chat with guests during breakfast, asking about their plans for the day and making excellent recommendations.I stayed in a single room, which was small but still felt comfortable. Very clean. Also the fact that the hotel is non-smoking was wonderful.As for dining, the included breakfast was pretty basic but fine for me. There were also several nice restaurants in the neighborhood, including the Sardegna Italian restaurant (very affordable) and the Brasserie Setz (a bit more expensive).Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JCO1020
<Content>Great stay at Hotel Zandbergen This is a wonderful place to stay in Amsterdam! The hotel manager, Henk, and his staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful, but it was not so much as to be overbearing or intrusive. Each morning, they asked about my plans for the day at the included breakfast, and offered suggestions (even for the days I traveled outside of Amsterdam). Additionally, when I was leaving, I had to depart for the airport before the hotel reception desk opened, and the staff allowed me to check out the night before and arrived early enough that morning to offer me coffee and breakfast before I left.The location was exactly what I was looking for. The hotel is in a quiet, residential area that is across the street from Vondelpark and a ten-minute walk from Concertgebouw and the Van Gogh Museum. The Emmastraat tram stop (line 2) is a half block from the hotel's door.My room was clean and efficient, and although it was on the small side, I didn't spend much time in there so it didn't matter.The only possible downside to this hotel is that the stairs to the rooms are extremely steep and narrow, and there is no elevator. This wasn't a problem for me, and the staff are aware that it could be an issue. When I checked in the staff asked if I had any medical problems that would limit my use of the stairs, because they could try to place me closer to the ground level. They carried my overstuffed luggage to my room for me, despite my protests.I will definitely return to this hotel, and will recommend it to everyone I know who will be visiting Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mariaShepperton
<Content>great hotel We stayed for 2 nights at this hotel and would recommend it and would definitely stay there again. We booked a 4 bedded room but were upgraded to the 'penthouse' suite at no extra cost as the room we booked was not available.The 'suite' was really great, very spacious and there was a kitchen with microwave, fridge etc and a large flat screen TV and a CD player with a great range of CD's. It also had a lovely balcony.The hotel is in a quiet residential location but within easy access of everything by foot or tram. It is very close to Vondelpark and I went running there early in the morning which was great.The breakfast was lovely plenty of choice and fresh produce.There is internet access in reception and the staff are very pleasant and helpful.Overall it was very good value and a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>djk104
<Content>Nice place, surprised at high ranking I liked this hotel. Room was good, staff was helpful, breakfast was fine, price typical for Amsterdam. First room we had faced the street and was noisy (middle of summer, so we had the window open; no air conditioning), but they moved us to a room in the back which was very quiet. Hotel location was pretty good, in a pleasant up-scale neighborhood a bit away from the center of town. The tram goes right by the hotel, and the Van Gogh and Rijks museums are a 10 minute walk away. It was nice to be away from the crowds in the city center.I must say that I am surprised at the very high ranking the hotel received (#6 in Amsterdam as of middle of 2007). While the hotel was fine, I would be surprised if it was the 6th best hotel in all of Amsterdam. Maybe this says something about the other Amsterdam hotels. I think one reason for the high rating is that no one had anything particularly bad to say about the hotel. No one said it was fantastic, but no one had any major complaints. (There is the possibilty that the owners wrote positive reviews to increase their rating, but I doubt this. What I read in the other reviews sounds honest, and I would agree with what they wrote). In summary, I would recommend this hotel, but don't expect something as wonderful as their very high ranking would indicate.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>connectingvodka
<Content>Little hotel in a nice nighbourhood I stayed here in a single room for 2 nights.It was a pleasant experience.Museum area is just 5 minutes walk away, the central station is around 10 tram stops,and takes around 15 minutes.Also it is near vondelpark,so it is ideal if you want to see this pleasant part of Amsterdam.My room was in the entrance floor,a regular small Amsterdam hotel room,but very close to reception.If you are the type of the person who wakes up for every noise,this room might be a problem. They prepare breakfast in the morning,and phones in the reception are ringing,so it gets a little noisy.However,if you close the second door in the room,it reduces the noise. It was not a problem for me cos i dont mind noise and i woke up early. My bed was very comfortable,pillows were big,and there was also extra blanket in the room. Bathroom was clean and tidy.I also had a reasonably priced minibar.Wireless was fast,the hotel staff was extremely sweet and helpful,breakfast was really fresh and tasty. So i had everything i needed.I booked via booking.com and had a last minute price,which was 75 euros for single room. The real price of the room is around 95 euros,which i think was a bit expensive.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>REL18
<Content>A well-located little place What a lovely little place. We were very glad we stayed there, and would stay there again when we next go to Amsterdam.The owners are very pleasant and helpful (which from our experience is typical of the Dutch!). The stairs are QUITE steep and the room was kind of wee, but all rooms look the same when you're asleep; I didn't come to Amsterdam to sit in the room. The beds were comfortable, the place was clean, the bathroom was tidy and fully functional and the included breakfast was very good. That's what matters.The location is terrific; very close to the Rijksmuseum  the Van Gogh museum. It's right on the streetcar line, so it's v. easy to get to from Schipol. I would wholeheartedly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>haikufancy
<Content>Hotel Zandbergen is outstanding Strong recommendation for Hotel Zandbergen, located on Williamsparkweg, near Vondelpark, 3 tram stops south of Van Gogh Museum. It was particularly useful to us, as we are a family of 4: 2 adults and 2 teenage boys. Room 2 has 4 single beds and access to a nice courtyard. It was one of very few hotels to accomodate 4 in one room. The location was good and easily accessible by Tram. The hotel is spotlessly clean and exceptionally well run. Henk, the owner, was most hospitable, very efficient, and had great tips. We purchased our Van Gogh Museum tickets directly from him, allowing us to enter the museum without having to wait in the very long line for un-ticketed patrons.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Donnyrover99
<Content>Great little hotel in a quiet part of town Absolutely excellent- great welcome, service, advice, breakfast and location! What more could you ask for from a hotel of this size? We had a lovely five day break in Amsterdam with the Zandbergen being a superb location from which to enjoy the delights of the city.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HMCIllinois_USA
<Content>True hospitality! It was a truly fine place to stay....almost a BB, with more privacy. Henk was an efficent, attentive manager/host. The breakfast was fresh and delicious. the baking done near reception, and the fragrance lured. The coffee was excellent, the fruit fresh.....the flowers, too. Henk had some appealing tourist suggestions for vistors.The room was bright, roomy by European standards, and immaculate....as was the bathroom. Housekeeping was perfect. The stairs were steep, but not impossible, and there are rooms on the lower floor.The neighborood is quite pleasnt, beautiful housing skirting the famous Vondel Park, and wonderful small shops for browsing, eating. The tram is on the corner, but walking to museums and canals is easy. The price is right, the location is right, the ambiance, delightful.We would stay nowhere else in Amsterdam.H  K Illinois USA  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MangoNole
<Content>Henk rules! Great stay! My wife and I travelled to Amsterdam in July 07 and stayed at this charming little hotel. It was a real treat! First the good-The owner/proprietor/manager Henk is a super-fantastic guy, very helpful and proto-typically Dutch efficient. The rest of the staff was good too when he wasn't there. The room was clean, well appointed. Hotel is very safe and the area around it is pleasant/upscale. The breakfast was good, the internet access was great. Overall, the hotel itself was probably the best hotel I've ever stayed at while in Europe that I paid for myself (I've stayed in better hotels but only when using an expense account).The bad (or maybe the less than good)-The hotel is a GOOD 40 minute walk from Central Station, and easily 30 minutes or more from Dam Square. It's close to the art museums, but from the fun stuff it's a distance. Normally not a big deal because the tram stop is close to the hotel, but the trams stop running at midnight and bus service after that time is spotty. My wife and I stay out til 2 one night and had to walk back in the rain.Other than that...great place. Would I reccomend it? Unless you have to be within close distance of the RLD/Dam Square, YES. But next time...I might try to get a place closer in so there's not so much walking...either that, or I'll rent a bike. But the hotel itself...OUTSTANDING.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lisrel
<Content>Truly great hotel We actually stayed at the hotel on two different occasions over a two week period (entering and leaving Amsterdam). We were originally set up to stay at another hotel when we were leaving Amsterdam but canceled that reservation based on our first visit.I can say without hesitation that the experience of staying here was the best I've ever had (having stayed in hundreds of hotels across the world). Henk and the staff go above and beyond to make you feel at home and are extremely attentive and helpful. The service was simply amazing. The location of the hotel was convenient both to downtown (short tram ride or walk) and to the airport. In addition there is a very nice (large) park that is a very short distance from the hotel. Our children greatly enjoyed playing there.I would strongly recommend this hotel to others!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>rlatuchie
<Content>Great little place to stay in a great location My wife and I recently stayed at the Zandbergen at the beginning and end of a trip. I was attracted by the comments of others, and despite new ownership, I was not disappointed. In fact, I can't imagine how they could do a better job. Henk, the new owner just makes you feel that you are staying with friends. Friendly, and extremely helpful with suggestions about things to do and see in Amsterdam. He arranged airport transport, which was very quick and easy. The location is wonderful, just up the street from the Museum District, and in a very nice residential neighborhood, full of interesting restaurants, where we often felt like we were the only tourists. Breakfasts were great, and Henk would remember your drink preferences, and prepare them for you. The rooms are are very comfortable. Bathrooms are clean, no complaints. There is no elevator, and the stairs are extremely steep, but there was always help with the bags, and it is apparently the Dutch norm. I don't know how else to say it, but you can't help feeling that people at the Zandbergen really care about their guests. Unless someone has a heart condition that would necessitate an elevator, I would recommend the Zandbergen to anyone I know looking for a great place. And the price is reasonable, despite the weak dollar.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>davegaijin
<Content>1st class hotel An excellent hotel, friendly, clean, staff very helpful. Situated in a quiet part of town, near to parks and museum. You can buy a ticket for the Van Gough museum form the hotel - saves you queuing! Very highly recommended  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jamdoughnut
<Content>Like staying with friends! We are a family of 4, and had the fantastic experience of staying in this friendly, comfortable and clean hotel for 2 nights recently. We had a 4 bedded room which opened out onto a small patio at the back of the hotel. The room was spacious and beautifully clean and very quiet.The hotel was only a 2 minute walk to Amsterdam's fantastic tram network, so you can reach the centre of Amsterdam in under 10 minutes.Breakfast was plentiful and a great choice. The manager, Henk, made us feel like old friends, offering us coffee and juice for the children as we arrived, suggesting suitable places to visit and even giving us ready printed directions for getting to the airport at the end of the stay.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in a comfortable, friendly environment, and we hope to return ourselves soon.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kacey83
<Content>The Best! My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights. The room was beautiful, the ensuite was spacious, all staff were extremely friendly, helpful, pleasant. The breakfast was lovely.They also had a computer which the internet was provided for free.The hotel is a short tram ride to all the tourist attractions and the lively Leidseplein and Casino. In fact, a couple of times which actually walked the distance as it is not that far. We even walked to the Van Gogh Museum. I would stay here again and would definitely recommend this to all my friends and family.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>floridamember_7
<Content>Absolutely Delightful! I recently spent 5 nights at Hotel Zandbergen and found it absolutely delightful. My single room, which overlooked the street, was clean, comfortable, and totally quiet at night. The location was excellent, a 10-minute tram ride to Dam Square. Manager and staff were most gracious and professional. I would definitely return!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>pippagirl
<Content>Excellent service We've just finished a four-night stay at Hotel Zandbergen and had a wonderful time, mainly thanks to the outstanding service offered by the manager/owner Henk. We stayed in the apartment next door, that is run by the hotel. This suited us perfectly as it gave us a little more space and privacy, but we could still enjoy breakfast each morning at the hotel. Delicious, generous buffet breakfasts!Location is great - its not in the city centre, but in a fashionable residential suburb 5-10 minutes from the centre. And its near a gorgeous park, too. We really appreciated Henk's recommendations - I get the feeling he really understands guests' individual needs so no two recommendations are the same. Love it! Would stay again in a flash.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>JDHall7
<Content>Outstanding service We were at Hotel Zandbergen for five nights in mid-May 2007. Our two twin bed room, #5, was on the second level, rear, overlooking the garden. Very clean, quiet, comfortable. Getting to center city was no problem; the tram #2 stop is half a block away. Strip tickets for use on all trams may be purchased at the hotel. Airport bus, Connexxion, goes to the hotel. Breakfast buffet was substantial and good. Many fine restaurants located in the residential area of the hotel; especially Palma. My wife needed medical attention during our stay; the hotel made a special effort to arrange an appointment with a doctor. Hotel Zandbergen is in a perfect location; near the concert hall and museums, but away from center city congestion. We will return to Hotel Zandbergen. Outstanding and friendly staff.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>greenilltravellers
<Content>Superb hotel, excellent value for money My friend and I were very impressed with this hotel having read all the reviews on Tripadvisor, we couldn't fault it at all. We asked for a room at the back and as my friend has some mobility problems we were given a twin room downstairs, with french doors opening onto a small garden. The weather was poor so we couldn't take advantage of sitting outside.Our room was spotlessly clean with comfortable beds, t.v ,a minibar and a kettle and teamaking facilities was offered., The room was average size, but we were not in it for long. Everywhere was well maintained, the furnishings modern.The breakfast was adequate, with cereals, fruit. ,yoghurt,rolls bread, cheese, eggs and ham, fruit juice, tea or coffee.All the staff were extremely polite and helpful.The manager , Henk de Lugt was charming. Nothing was too much trouble. I have special dietary requirements so the receptionist checked that a local restaurant could help me out, then they booked us a table.We loved Amsterdam, and would definately recommend this hotel to anyone  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>panda16465
<Content>Excellent Family Run Hotel       View from our room  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PetalIreland
<Content>Nice little hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at the Zandbergen hotel from the 17th - 20th May and we were very impressed with it. The location while being out of the centre of Amsterdam is still good. It is within walking distance of the museum quarter and the number 2 tram stops very close to the hotel. After a hectic day in the centre it was nice to come back to somewhere that was quiet. The hotel was very nice and the staff were extremely helpful. The hotel and our room were very clean and the bathroom was good however the shower heads were not the best as they tended to get the floor of the bathroom wet. The hotel is no smoking however we stayed in a very nice room with a balcony (where you can smoke) towards the back of the hotel. The gentleman that was there in the morning was very nice and helpful and gave us good tips about places that we wanted to visit. For example we got our tickets for the Van Gogh Museum at the hotel and did not have to queue at all then which was great. All in all we had a very enjoyable stay and the hotel was very nice I would recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PortyAL
<Content>Superb hotel - great hospitality Just back from a 4 night stay in the Hotel Zandbergen. This is a superb hotel. We could not find fault with it. Our double room was of adequate size (bigger than some rooms we've stayed in in the UK) and spotlessly clean. It had a minibar / fridge and we requested tea making facilities which were supplied free of charge. The bathroom was also in immaculate condition.The continental breakfast was more than adequate. Cereals, rolls, croissants, ham, cheese and boiled eggs were all on offer, along with tea, coffee and toast.The staff were very hospitable and always willing to help. The manager, Henk, is a gentleman.The hotel also provides free internet access in the lobby, and free wireless internet access through out the hotel. We were on the 2nd floor at the back of the hotel and still got a decent signal.The stairs are steep, but this is the case with alot of hotels in Amsterdam given the architecture of the buildings.The hotel is located close to the Vonelpark which provides a beautiful walking route into the centre of the city. We walked to all the main attractions, e.g. Liedesplein - 20 mins, Central Station - 40 mins. There is also a tram stop 50m from the hotel for the no. 2 tram which goes to Central Station via the city centre.The hotel is also easily got to from Schipol airport being one of the hotels serviced by the Connexxion Airport Shuttle. Excellent value at 19.5 Euro return.This was our first visit to Amsterdam and we had spent alot of time searching for a hotel. We won't need to spend any time searching when we return again.I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Amsterdam. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spacecoast
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Just like all of the other reviews, this hotel is fantastic. The location is great, as it is in a great residential area, but is still close enough to walk directly into the center of the city. Also, the Number 2 tram stop is extremely convenient. And for those of you wondering, you can purchase a fair directly on the tram at the point of entry for 1.6 euros.OK... Back to the hotel... The rooms are average size by European standards, but are extremely clean and well maintainted. The beds are some of the most comfortable we have ever had in a hotel and the pillows are superior. As many have stated, the stairs are step, but do give you a great workout to burn off all of the extra calories you will be drinking... I mean eating. The breakfasts are very good, and very convenient after a long night of fun. But the one thing that sets this hotel apart is the fact that the staff are all amazing. They were extremely accomodating and helpful no matter what we asked. They even lent us a bedsheet so we could take to Vondelpark for a picnic. We absolutely loved Amsterdam, and this hotel is what helped make it even that much more special. Also, for the ladies, make sure you go to the lingerie shop just up the street. I think the name is Marline Dekkers. It is on the pricey side, but the lingerie is amazing. And the girls that work there, especially Roxanne and Anna are fantastic. And if you go, tell them the crazy couples from Florida say Hi!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lfcmad2002
<Content>Up there with the Best Second time i have stayed at this hotel.This time i took my Parents with me to sample the Amsterdam Life.This hotel is in a great location.Only a tram ride away (Number 2) from Central Station (1.60 Euro)or you can get a shuttle bus from Airport direct to hotel (19.50 Return).Its in a residential area that has a police station a couple of yards down road (Safe area)A nice pub on corner,as well as being across from VondalparkThe owners and staff are all very friendly.The rooms are clean and well maintained.If you can get a room at rear even better.My father was suffering from severe Ciatica when we got there and was given a loan of a walking Stick from the very nice gentleman behind deskI will be backTips:If eldery,but mobile then ask in advance for a room downstairs as it easier to get to then upstairs,as like most places in Amsterdam they have steep stairs  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>amybatt
<Content>Hands down, my best hotel experience! My sister and I just spent a week at the lovely Hotel Zandbergen. I have been to Europe numerous times and have stayed in a number of different accomodations. This was my sister's first time to Europe. We were both thrilled with our choice of the Zandbergen.The BB lies between Museumplein and Vondelpark. The neighborhood is residential and very very quiet. There are two tram stops on the #2 line within about 100 feet of the front door. The #2 runs to Centraal Station and just about anywhere else you鈥檙e going to want to go in the city center. The longest it took us to get to Centraal Station was about 18 minutes. So you have the convenience of accessibility with the comfort of a nice, quiet residential area. The hotel itself has secure access, which is another plus for females traveling alone.The room was dead quiet and immaculately clean. We had room #19 off the lobby, but there was a main door to our room, a short hallway with a bathroom, then another door into our room. The double doors helped squelch any lobby noise we may have heard (which was none!). The two single beds were comfortable and the room was cool even on the three hot days we were there. Breakfasts were buffet style and ran the gamut to all cold offering (cereal, pastry, meats, fruit) and hard boiled eggs which the host did as you waited. The coffee was out of this world. Oooh la la! The host has recently taken the hotel over from the Vonks, who I鈥檇 never met but had read about extensively on Trip Advisor. You鈥檇 never know that he was new to this business, if he is new to it. He is incredibly hospitable, knows when to offer up information and how much to tell you, is eager to answer questions and was genuinely interested in seeing that our experience was all that we had hoped. We were treated like royalty. It was a very warm and comfortable environment, and this carries over the rest of his staff as well. As my sister said, it felt like we were coming home every night.I cannot recommend this BB enough. In many, many trips to Europe, this was my best accommodation experience. Hands down.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StratfordianUk
<Content>All a hotel should be I have just spent 4 nights at this hotel with my 83 year old father. We could not have wished for a better experience. The ownership of the hotel changed this week so we met both the old and new owners and found them all to be so helpful and thoughtful. Due to dad's age I had emailed in advance to ask that he had a room with the minimum amount of stairs (I knew from the hotel's website there was no lift and some stairs were inevitable). I received a prompt reply telling me that the lowest room would be one flight up and would that be ok, thus giving us a chance to change our booking if necessary. I also rang on the day we were arriving to ask for a kettle in his room, again no problem.Throughout our stay we were made to feel most welcome, lots of information was available about things to do both in terms of leaflets and books but also from the owners. At breakfast everyone seemed to be greeted in their own language and a real interest taken in what they wanted to do and advice offered as to how best to do it.Free internet access in reception was also a real bonus. I note another visitor felt that the lack of security on this PC was an issue, I would suggest that most people were only checking news, the cricket/football scores and their emails. Security should not be particularly compromised here. If you are doing stuff that requires a high level of security a public computer is not the best place to do it!The rooms were very clean with reasonable sized en suite shower rooms. We both had single rooms and the beds were larger than normal single beds and very comfortable. The hotel felt very secure as the front door is always locked, your room key is also a front door key.The hotel is by the number 2 tram line so access into the city is fast and easy if you don't wish to walk (about 20 minutes walk to the Rijksmuseum). The hotel is in a pleasant residential area with some shops around of the organic veg, homemade bread/chocolates variety, lovely to browse in. The beautiful and massive Vondel Park is just over the road.I would really recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to get out of the city centre and get away from the anonymous large hotel experience.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tourotrash
<Content>Too small for comfort The Hotel Zandbergen is in a nice neighborhood, close to the museums. Extremely small rooms. My husband and I felt crowded in our double room. Compared to our hotels in Berlin and Paris for about the same price the room was tiny. Very narrow and steep staircase is treacherous when carrying bags. The owners and staff presented a fairly neutral attitude towards us, not very welcoming. The desk is not staffed from 10 pm to 8 am which caused some problems for us. I think I would try another hotel on my next trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>rcepuch
<Content>Good value A very friendly place with terrific Internet access on a terminal just beyond the check-in desk, where no one else ever seemed to notice it so I had no problems getting on whenever I liked. The rooms here are small but clean and efficient. Warning: There's no lift and the stairs are steep, so if you may regret choosing this hotel if you have a heavy bag. The neighborhood is relatively quiet, not far from the museums but a more ambitious walk from the center of town. Still, if you're a walker (or a tram rider), this hotel is a great choice.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Savvy-tourist
<Content>Go in full confidence. Is a 4*- hotel. I stayed in Zandbergen Hotel in the mid of February 2007.Booking: I searched the internet for a reasonable deal. Some hotels I used to stay became too expensive like Golden Tulip or the experience was terrible like Eden Best Western. I found good reviews about Zandbergen Hotel and I called them by phone. I realized later that if for me was a comfortable time to call in Amsterdam was 7AM. Nevertheless, a feminine voice answered promptly. I explained what I wanted, a single room, quiet, higher floor, no smoking, no pets. And, that I would rather not put my credit card on their Internet site. To my surprise, the front desk kindly agreed. The next day, I called again and sent all the information by fax. They promptly confirmed my reservation by e-mail. So far, so good.The airport arrival: I went directly to the Tourist Information Center in Amsterdam Airport. I asked for a shuttle bus return ticket for Zandbergen Hotel. The lady at the desk had no clue where the hotel was. I told her to call (I had the phone no.) and she answered that a local call is too expensive. (Stunning answer !). Finally, she looked on the Internet and found the exact address. Travel by minibus OK.Hotel arrival: on the right hand side of the door is an interphone. You have to call the front desk in order to open the door. (for this reason, is good to inform them in advance your estimated arrival time). In the lobby, surveillance cameras. Very good security. At the entrance hall and near the front desk plenty of leaflets with Amsterdam attractions. (I stayed in Hilton Amsterdam a few days ago and they did not have such a collection).Front desk: at the front desk a fair hair lady was working: the Owner. Very polite she confirmed the reservation and checked the credit card. My room was on the third floor and in no time to my embarrassment she took my hand luggage and carried it to the room. My hand luggage, I think, was weighing more than 12 kilos !In the reception room is a computer with Internet access. The keyboard is clean. But no antivirus or anti-spyware programs present. A bit unsafe. I told the owner about that, the answer was not convincing.The steps to my room: were steep and rather narrow especially with my 25 kg. suitcase. Some reviewers complained about that and I can confirm. If you are in a wheelchair or pregnant in the last month is not for you. But, if you ask help probably they woud provide.The room: I had a room facing backyard that is an immense garden between the buildings. The room was very quiet. Size: On the smaller side. Some paint peeling, but very discrete. A very large bed (double - at reception I was told that I was upgraded). Very good ! Closet rather old. The carpet very clean, I could walk bare foot. What a relief鈥he window very large looked directly into the bathroom's door. Beware young couples ! In the closet a blanket that did not smell of dump (very nice surprise) and I used during the chilly night. The lighting above the desk strange and ugly. The TV set (rather old) somewhere at over 2 meters on the wall ! Above the bed and practically under your pillow, the light switches and an electric socket (200 V). Dangerous and bizarre position. Do not go in bed with wet hair, metal clips or allow kids with metallic toys. Some electric short may happen earlier than in 1000000 years. The room has a dial-up connection that is obsolete and it seems that has a wireless also. I did not check the wireless though.The bathroom: rather large given the room's size. With a huge mirror. In the bathtub a rubber carpet to protect against losing your footing. Very good for elderly. No mold even on the shower curtain. Very clean everywhere. The bathroom's amenities kit correct and very nice arranged. I got an electronic key for the door and that should be also be used for the street door. I had the laptop with me with a lot of data but I left it in my room. I felt I was in a very safe environment. ( keep the key with you at all times).Dinner: the owner explained a bit about the area and I went out. At the right at the first street corner I found a Brasserie that served a nice chicken salad and a good beer for a good price and friendly service. The Italian restaurant that I found in the neighborhood was empty and did not appeal to me. Searching for a dinner place I could see the area bit. It seems that is not mixed, only a single minority is living there (I won't mention which, in order not to offend anyone). The area has a lot of character even is rather far from the center), with lots of small shops. I have to say that I felt safe even after sun set. Returning, I passed the hotel and stopped at the other corner (left of the hotel). There is a lively bar there with a lot of conversations going on. On the front street, a tram that takes you directly to the Central Station.Breakfast: correct and good. The breakfast room is practically connected with the reception room. On the wall real pictures and drawings by local artists. One drawing inappropriate by my taste, shows a chair thrown through the kitchen's window. Criticism is rather difficult in this hotel: do not forget that the owners live also in this house !On the tables, real flowers. I was touched. What wasn't functional: the coffee machine. Something huge, like an industrial one with lots of push buttons. You had to call the receptionist to operate it ! Cut all the appetite. A small hot plate with easy operation could have more charm and use. Also no decaffeinated available.I met the Owner (the male). I explained my opinion concerning the switches and the socket under the pillow. His is not very patient in listening clients' opinions as one reviewer pointed out and also his explanation was poor, about expensive investment etc. That talk was a kind of disappointing for me. Telephones: I had to make some international calls using the hotel's phone. The program that is charging the calls is rather slow and I was about to leave the hotel without paying some of my calls. Very embarrassing. Make your calls at least a few hours before leaving.The hotel has 2 penthouse apartments that can be a choice for longer stays and also a kind of 2 bedroom family apartments on the first floor. What is special about the latter is their access to the back garden from which the kids can not venture into the street. Interesting option, but I could not see any of them because they were taken.To summarize: is a very good family hotel, very secure and quiet. Room and bathroom very clean, breakfast good, service very good. At least strange, and also with potential danger the socket and the switch into the room. For this reason is a 4 star- (4*-) hotel.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>EduardTravels
<Content>Excellent Value, Great Staff, Perfect Neighborhood I was traveling solo so I had a very small room but it was perfect for my needs and the cost. Room faced the street with nice windows to let in the breeze. Extremely helpful staff, good breakfast. Away from the downtown area, close to meseums and quiet neighborhood. I'm planning to stay there again this fall.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>seattle&munich
<Content>The perfect Amsterdam hotel!       Room #4, 105 euros  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>acstewart25
<Content>Great Hotel! Arrived in Amsterdam for a 2 day stay and booked the Hotel a few weeks in advance. What can i say, all the reviews are true! The Hotel is great, very clean, good breakfast and the staff couldn't help you enough (advice for trips, eating etc). Its about 10 mins on the no.2 tram to the centre and about 18mins to the station. Its just down the road from the van gogh museum and Leidseplein (pubs, comedy club, hard rock cafe, Casino etc).I got a 3 day tram pass from the GVA office directly across from the Central Station for about 13 euros which is very handy. Just stamp it the first time you get on a tram then you just have to flash it to the ticket inspector/driver every time you get on a tram after that. If you've never been before, you're only meant to get onto a tram through some doors (front and second from back) and get off through the others. I only write this cause we got left at a stop as we were standing waiting on the wrong door to open!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>raenrog
<Content>A Fantastic Find If only we had known what a wonderful Hotel we had chosen by pure speculation after reading reviews via Trip Advisor, we would have altered our plans to stay longer!!! Close to all amenities, (the tram stop to the City centre is on the next corner;) the Van Gogh Museum within easy walking distance and with local restaurants just around the corner. The hospitality of our hosts was unsurpassed, always courteous and willing to assist in every way possible. Not realising that we are in our 60's and 70's we had been given a room on the 2nd floor (they offered to re-allocate us but we declined) and even the steep Dutch stairs didn't worry us after the first time. We found the bedroom large enough (although the bathroom was small) but all was absolutely spotless and although at the front of the building it was lovely and quiet (!) We happily recommend this hotel to all. Congratulations and many thanks for making our short stay in Amsterdam so memorable and enjoyable. We wouldn't consider staying anywhere else but the Zandbergen should we ever return to Amsterdam.RaenRog, Sydney, Australia  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>E897
<Content>We love the Zandbergen We have stayed at the Hotel Zandbergen many times during the last 14 years and we love it! We discovered it during our frequent visits to my aging aunt who lived in the neighborhood. The location is perfect! It's right across from the Vondel Park, near the Museumplein and Concertgebauw and on the #2 Tram line. Around the block is a delightful shopping street with upscale cafes, restaurants, grocery stores, boutiques and specialty shops. We were there for a week in October and continue to be amazed by the charm, the cleanliness, the tasteful art and the tasty breakfast! We've watched this hotel get better year by year and each upgrade has added to the beauty and quality. The rooms in the back overlook a lovely garden. The best part of the Hotel Zandbergen are the owners, Margaret and Robert Vonk. They are gracious, helpful, knowledgable, patient, accomodating and, over the years, have become dear friends. No wonder we love the Hotel Zandbergen so much!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johninie
<Content>penthouse we got off at the wrong tramstop and had a longish walk to the hotel with luggage and our seven year old daughter. check in was straightforward but we had to be upgraded to the penthouse for the first of our 4 nights there, as our room was being occupied a day longer by its guest.it took us about a millisecond to decide to pay the small extra charge to stay in this apartment for the rest of our stay, after we had been shown to it.it is groovy.spacious, light filled and private (it occupies all of the top floor)and is in a very smart part of amsterdam.breakfast was excellent.i can't recommend this highly enough.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NROBB
<Content>Perfect! Great location, great service! Stay here! As a couple visiting Amsterdam we were bewildered with how many hotel options there are around, especially on this site. Truth is we tried all the hotels listed on Trip Advisor until we came to number 11 in the list - Zandbergen.We both have very high standards when it comes to where we choose to stay and believe me the Zandbergen meets and exceeds those high standards. Its in the most beautiful area of Amsterdam, the museum quarter which in itself should be a visitor attraction - but it isn't, making it a peaceful location right next to Vondelpark and 15 mins walk to the centre.The hotel service was great. From the minute you arrive you can see how the owners cherish their hotel and keep it working, clean and friendly from the start of your stay until the very end.We will definately be back.Neil RobbEdinburgh, Scotland.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>uniquegail
<Content>Like home. Friends who have stayed here for many years arranged for my stay. It was like going home. The owners and the staff are always available for assistance but unintrusive. The location is very convenient for walking, biking or taking public transportation. The breakfast is simple yet top quality.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nytvd
<Content>Enjoyed my stay here - lovely small hotel This hotel is exactly what I like when traveling - good value, clean rooms and great location. On top of all that this place is in Amsterdam! Close to the museums, a short tram ride to Centrum (or a 15 minute walk) and a few stops to Zuid/WTC so getting to/from Schipol is that much easier.The owners are attentive and helpful and the breakfast was a typical delicous Dutch treat - excellent coffee with Dutch brown cream...breads, cold cuts, hard boiled eggs and cheese among other good stuff.The hotel is in a residential area and there are many inviting Cafes and restaurants around it, Brasserie Joffries and Cafe Gruiter come to mind. Great shopping and local stores abound....Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>george1
<Content>nice place nice place ,good directions from airport ,tram stop just outside (very quiet location) the only problem was our room was very small, but they very very very clean, comfortable bed and pillows would stay there again and recommend it  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>damsqu
<Content>Super! Lovely clean, bright and airy hotel. Location next to Vondel park is excellent and so convenient, on Tram 2鈥檚 route. The surrounding posh shopping district was a real find. The cleaning staff did a great job as I don鈥檛 think I have seen a bathroom sparkle like that before, even in 5star! My only very small 鈥榥iggle鈥?was the shower in my single room was pretty useless. I recognised it was a water saving shower, which is great, but it was hard work trying to wash under it!Best cup of morning coffee in Amsterdam.Many thanks for a lovely stay鈥?br/>  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>torea
<Content>Anticipated departure because of a back problem My wife and i spent 2 days (instead of 4) in july in this hotel. The hotel is clean and the breakfast is good. The location is very interesting in a lovely street.But, we need to go back 2 days before because my wife was very sick. We had to paid the totality of the next two days (300 euros for an appartment), it's not fairplay in my opinion. Business is business;)  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dougndi
<Content>nice place good location We booked this place after trying a few others but they were all booked up. In the end we think we made a good choice.The hotel was quite modern, very clean decent sized rooms with up to date bathrooms. We had a mixture of rooms in our party , we had a basement room which we were grateful for as over a very hot few days in july meant it stayed relatively cool. our friends had a good sized room with a large balcony at the rear and the other room was a single which although small and narrow had all you could need and had a wet room for the bathroom. Breakfasts were good , continental style with a good range of cheese and meats, bread, cereal etc. One main advantage was that it was a bit out of the centre so quieter at nignt, but right on the number 2 tram line so easy to get to anywhere. Get a 3day pass from the main station for 13 Euro.its well worth it.Prices were not exactly cheap but about average for Amsterdam. I Would reccomend this place and would go again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>palmerj1
<Content>Brilliant place to stay my husband and i have just returned from staying at this BB. I cannot praise this hotel too much, it was brilliant. The owners, Margaret  Robert, where very friendly and helpful. The rooms are modern and very clean. We had no reason to complain but if we did, there would be no problem in getting things sorted. The breakfast was very good and had a good selection for different nationalities. The hotel is in a quiet area of amsterdam, not the usual tourists area, but there are several places to eat. It takes about 10 - 15 minutes to walk to Leidseplein, which is a lively area and a great place to dine and socialise, a little too far to walk into amsterdam centre although it could be done. The hotel is on the number 2 tram line, which is great, you cant get lost!, across the road is Vondelpark, which is lovely. Anne Frank is again only about 15 minutes walk away and the Museums, Van Gogh etc, is on the same road as the hotel. I must point out, which the hotel does state on their own website, that the stairs are very narrow and sheer, so anyone with mobilty problems would need to request a ground floor room. Again, i cannnot fault our stay at this hotel and will be returning with friends in the near future. Well done Margaret and Robert.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value hotel out of city centre This hotel is just out of the city centre in the residential part but is easily accessible by walking or by tram. The service was excellent and staff were very friendly. The rooms were very small and a bit stuffy as there was no air conditioning. It was also non-smoking which was good. The bathroom was modern and clean. We arrived late one night so had to carry our bags up to the 3rd floor - as the hotel has no lift this was a bit difficult as the spiral staircase is very narrow. The staff gave us excellent directions and information on how to get there when the reception is shut. It is also quite a secure hotel. The breakfast was included and was of a very good quality. They also offer free internet in the lobby. I would probably not stay at this hotel again, but only because we would probably stay at a place more in the city centre.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tikcuf
<Content>hotel zandbergen       hotel facade  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look no further If you are anything like me,you will have spent ages trailing these pages looking for the perfect hotel,then when you think you've found it,a couple of negative reviews put you off,well look no further.My family and I have just returned from a three night stay in the Zandbergen,and I can assure you that 95% of the reviews are correct-it is a little gem.The first two nights we had the qaud room on the ground floor complete with semi private terrace/garden.The room was bright and airy and spotless,with a fantastic bathroom and the softest beds we have EVER slept on.The third night we had two double rooms on the top floor,again modern and bright and clean.Breakfast is served in a pleasant room off reception,and consists of the usual continental fayre cold meats,cheese,croissants.boiled eggs,cereals etc. and all fresh.The hosts are friendly and welcoming and only too pleased to answer any queries you may have.By the way I read one of the reviews which mentioned how reasonable the mini-bar prices are,it's true! I awoke during the night with a raging thirst and grabbed a bottle of water from it-it was only 2 euros-almost the same as the shops!All in all a great little place to stay,you won't go far wrong i promise!!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>physician
<Content>satisfactory stay We were happy with our 4-night visit here. We arrived early in the morning from an overnight flight and were very tired, but our room was still occupied, so Margaret was kind enough to offer us the studio apartment to stay in for 2 nights, which is very roomy and has a kitchen. After 2 nights, we moved to a standard double, which we were also happy with. Although small as expected, it was very clean and comfortable. We also enjoyed the neighborhood, which is residential but has some interesting shops and restaurants. Two caveats--it is preferable to get a room facing the back, because our second room faced the street and the street noise at night can be quite loud. Also, there is no air conditioning, and the room can get somewhat stuffy, although a large fan was kindly provided.Breakfast was good, too.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoverofLuxe
<Content>Best in its price range - great location June 22-24, 2006We stayed at the Hotel Zandbergen after staying at the Hotel Europa 92 and the Radisson SAS Airport (please see those reviews if you are looking at additional options). As a result of our three stops, we can add a comparative element to the discussion of where to stay in Amsterdam.The service was impeccable, with staff carrying our luggage up the stairs (steep and plentiful, but there is a first floor option for those with mobility challenges) , efficient and knowledgeable about cost, location and site specific questions. The front desk provided extra pillows upon request and the management lives on site. The front desk area closes at 7:00 and you need a key or to be buzzed in at reception. Safety and security for single, women or vulnerable travelers.Amenities included free Internet (which you will realize is hard to come by in Amsterdam) in the front lounge, a stocked minibar and many English channels. I thought that the place would be ideal for seniors and for yuppies. The entire building is non-smoking, a welcome respite in a smoke filled city. The rooms were fine and very, very clean, with comfortable beds, a desk, and a deluxe (by older city standards) bathroom with a tub, blowdryer, shower and efficient toilet. The beds soft and somewhat small, and you got the sense they were replaced before ravaged in this hotel.The location was two blocks out of the hub of the Museum area with great tram service to anywhere (tram stops outside). There is nominal street noise from trams or other traffic. There is a neat little restaurant row with good food, if not innovative. However, it was nice after the price gouges everywhere we ate to find good, simple and inexpensive food in a quieter atmosphere. Directly beside the Vondelpark and within walking distance to the museums (3 blocksish), you are well situated.I did not try the included breakfast, but saw them cook it and it looked delicious. My traveling companion ate it and pronounced it good. As a cheap traveler with expensive tastes (who is slightly neurotic about cleanliness) I can tell you that I will be staying there again and again. If you have any concerns you should talk to the manager; she is honest, efficient and professional - you will have no lingering doubts. For the price, it is the best place I have stayed in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marshalett626
<Content>Great Stay, great hosts, great location We booked this hotel based on the reviews, location and we love small hotels and BB's. We were not disappointed! The hotel is charming as are the owners. They made us feel at home. The area around the hotel reminded me of New York's upper east side with tapas bars, delis and restaurants all within two blocks in either direction. The tram into the city center is a short half-block away. The hotel is in a typical Amsterdam-style building with steep stairs which in my opinion adds to the charm. I can still taste the coffee and croissants from breakfast in the morning. What a great place to stay to discover Amsterdam if you like a small hotel with a personal touch.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JourneymanCardiff_UK
<Content>Zandbergen - A Good Place to Stay Having recently returned from a short break in Amsterdam, my wife and I would like to recommend the Zandbergen Hotel, Willemparksweg 205. We were made welcome by the owners Margaret and Robert Vonk and given good advice on local travel and the best times to visit museums etc. The hotel was spotlessly clean, very tastefully decorated and quiet. Our room had all the facilities you would expect in a three star hotel with a good shower and plenty of hot water. There was plenty to eat at breakfast with the full range of continental offerings.The hotel is situated in a quiet part of the city a hundred metres or so from the Vondlepark and maybe 700 to 800 yards from the Van Gough Museum. When you want to travel further it is only a short tram journey from the centre and there is a tram stop 50m from the hotel. We will recommend the hotel to our friends and intend to return ourselves. If you are looking for a quiet, quality, unfussy, good value for money stay then you will enjoy this hotel.We used the Hotel Shuttle service from Schiphol which cost 19鈧?each return and took about 20mins to the hotel. A two day tram / bus pass cost 10鈧?each.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JGBA
<Content>Poor value My wife and me stayed in this Hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of April 2006. Although personnel were very helpful, we can鈥檛 recommend this hotel due to the number of issues we had.Due to a flight delay, we arrived to the Hotel at 22:00. First issue: reception is closed at that time. We discovered that there is no elevator: we had to climb the stairs until the second floor with all our baggage and no help because reception was closed鈥?br/>Second issue: we paid for a 鈥渟uperior double room鈥? and we obtained a very small room in the second floor. We couldn鈥檛 open the suitcase and the bathroom鈥檚 door at the same time. We later knew that superior rooms are not in second floor.Third issue: blankets were no changed during the 4 daysFourth issue: we contracted in reception a travel package to visit the North and South of the Netherlands. Hotel had to send the confirmation of the purchase/ reservation to the travel agency by fax. Following day, when we got to the travel agency to catch the bus to start the trip, travel agency told us reservation was no made yet. No fax was received by the travel agency from our Hotel.Conclusion: whatever other choice (there are a lot) is preferable rather than staying in this hotel  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kev&SP
<Content>Great Hotel with good location       The balcony  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zzzland
<Content>Loved it This was our first try at a Bed  Breakfast. After doing some research and finding it on this site, we took a calculated guess and we were rewarded. It our made our 3-day stay in Amsterdam all the more delightful. The owners and staff were pleasant and very helpful. It felt like as if we had been regular guests for years. The free use of the internet was also a nice touch. So was breakfast. The location, for us, was a selling point. A short distance away by tram from the nervous core of downtown it was a quiet oasis, set in a residential area of town. It was also in walking distance of a wonderful park and museums. You almost felt like a resident rather than a tourist. The room was clean and big enough for our needs. Again, it was like staying at some friend's house. We loved Amsterdam and our next stay there will certainly include this BB. We have also recommended it to our friends.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Xocoafan
<Content>One need look no further... One need look no further than this quiet gem if what's needed is a well-run, small hotel with first-rate service in a lovely, quiet neighborhood with great public transportation just steps away. After a long night of travel, we arrived at the Zandbergen early in the morning. Our hosts, Margaret and Robert, immediately offered us tea and coffee and saw to it that any questions we had about Amsterdam were immediately and thoughtfully answered. This small hotel is a bit away from the action in central Amsterdam, but the number two tram stops just outside the hotel, and its location is very close to Vondelpark, the Rijksmuseum, the VanGogh Museum, and the Concertgebouw. The room was immaculate and cozily contemporary, with very comfortable beds, graphics by Appel, and a newly renovated bathroom which was so clean it sparkled. Breakfast is served in a small, inviting room and includes possibly the best coffee in the city (brewed individually for each guest), juices, fresh fruit, cereals, boliled eggs, ham, cheese, excellent croissants, and a variety of breadstuffs. Classical music plays softly in the background. The immediate (and very walkable) neighborhood is upscale and largely residential, home to an organic grocery, excellent patisserie, old-fashioned toyshop, greengrocer etc. . Careful touches are everywhere; for example, we returned from a late night outing in very cold weather and found a tea tray all set to go in our room. Our needs were thoughtfully anticipated. Above all else, it was apparent that the owners, who have made this hotel the object of tremendous care, truly do their all to see that their customers' needs are met. We could not have been more pleased.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rovicci
<Content>Lives up to reviews We booked to stay at the Zandbergen on the basis of reading tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed. The hotel lives up to all the positive reviews and after visiting we would not hesitate staying again or recommending this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shaun_Curnow_2004
<Content>Ideal hotel for museums I stayed at the Zandbergen on the strength of the reviews on Tripadvisor. I am pleased to say that all the previous feedback was as promised and I can thoroughly recommend this hotel. The hotel itself is efficiently run and everyone there is extremely friendly and helpful. I'm quite an independent person but if you have any questions the staff are more than willing to assist.The rooms are quite small as befits Amsterdam but clean and well maintained. There is a well supplied minibar but no kettle for hot drinks.Location - ideal for the museums and Concertgebauw. Tram number is 2 minutes down the road and these are a joy compared to public transport in the UK. Now that's what I call an integrated transport policy with the trip in from Schipol all very easy.Overall I loved Amsterdam and would like to thank those who helped me with my previous questions.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>P.pie
<Content>Fantastic place - great service I have never travelled abroad on my own before and so spent 6 months agonizing over wich hotel to stay in. When time started running out i opted for this hotel because of the pics and the reveiws were all good. The room i had was the single on-suite wich i think a fellow reveiwer has posted pics of. It was cleaned everyday and was very comfortable. Dont worry about the trams going outside the front of the hotel, there not that noisy! (no2 stops 5 mins walk up the street and the last stop for that is central station and takes about 10-15 mins and costs no more than about 1.60 euro) The service was very friendly, welcoming and professional. The breakfast has lots of choice, cereals, bread, yoghurt, fruit aswell as the usuall cheeses and meats( *Tip* keep some bread and cheese/meat back and use it for lunch if you go out for the day. very handy and very cheap!!). Vondelpark is about 15mins walk away and also the van goth museum is a little further. This is a very beutifull part of Amsterdam especially if your into your architecture. Lots of cafes/bars nearby and also antique/designer shops. The people in amsterdam are very nice to talk too (especially if you get lost!) I initially went over to meet a friend but it turned out he lived in the south of holland. This meant i had to check out earlier than my booking. This as far as i could tell did not cause any problems and i was only charged for the one night extra. The lady behind the counter was very nice and understanding, even showing me how to get there and going on the internet to get train times and prices. Going above and beyond the call of duty!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>belandseb
<Content>Nice hotel       Room  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bisScottie
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel in the best area This was a fantastic place, at first I was a little surprised by the cost because it is out of the centre and small, but trust me, all accommodation in amsterdam is expensive. A month later we were unable to stay at this hotel and stayed in the centre at the worst accommodation you have ever seen for even more money. THE AREA  Borders along Vondelpark and I would compare it to Upper West Side in NYC because it is more of a really nice residential neighbourhood with great eateries and nice to walk around. You are about 10 to 15 minutes walk to Leidesplein which is one of main squares in the city, you can walk down the main road that the tram goes down or better yet cut through the park it's much more enjoyable. If you are planning to go further into town close to Centraal Station I recommend using the tram #2, it stops almost directly outside the hotel. Better yet, at least for one of the days, rent a bike. It seems all of the Dutch ride bikes and the city is set up brilliantly for it. THE ROOMS  Were simple yet clean. the beds are comfortable and bathrooms are clean and reletively new. They were also very quiet , i would imagine because it is an old brick building. THE BREAKFAST Yummy, I know its not much to include breakfast but it really made the difference. Nice breads, cheeses, juice, eggs etc.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ican
<Content>Agree with all the Positive Reviews This hotel is perfect for those who want to get a good night's sleep while still being close to all of Amsterdam's attractions. The room was well laid-out, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was clean and modern. A two-day pass for the trams made getting around very easy, but many of the sights were within walking distance. I wish we could have stayed longer!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A peaceful, comfortable stay. Excellent. We stayed a week and found the Zandbergen to be an excellent base. Management and staff were uniformly friendly and helpful. Breakfast was great. Room and bathroom were well thought-out, equipped, and clean. The park is nearby and lovely for walks. We would recommend this hotel without reservation.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emandnj
<Content>Great place, especially if you are looking for a quiet hotel As very active tourists, one of our main priorities when travelling on vacation is to obtain a quiet, clean, functional, and affordable room where we can get a good night's rest with minimal noise. We chose the Hotel Zandbergen based on other reviews and we were not disappointed. This hotel is located in a peaceful and safe neighborhood, but has accessibility to everything we wanted to see in Amsterdam. The hotel is close to the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh museum and a short, pleasant walk (10min) through Vondelpark to the Leiseplein area. For other sights, a half block up the street, there is a stop for Tram #2 which returns to Central Station. (We had to transfer trams for some destinations, but the trams took us everywhere we wanted to go in Amsterdam with very short waits at all stops.) The staff is also very cordial, friendly, and helpful. Breakfast is provided and included some Dutch cheeses which were excellent. Also a plus: the hotel provides a PC near the check-in desk with free internet access for guests. Note that our room was small by North American standards, but average for most of the hotels we've stayed at in Europe.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay! We had booked the hotel at the last minute on last-minute European Discount Hotel Website and I was nervous. This place was fabulous. The room we had was told to us to be a small, twin room and it was truly small. That said, it was clean and service was fabulous. The breakfast wsa generous and the husband and wife owners are very helpful and professional. The location was great right down the street from the Van Gogh museum.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>linda528
<Content>Disappointed in Hotel Zandberg I chose Hotel Zandberg based on positive reviews on this site and was disappointed. The room was overpriced, small and charmless, with a saggy mattress and dual sets of lamps, desk areas, etc., like a dorm room. It was clean, but I don't think we were given new towels for the entire time we were there. Also, this place was relatively far outside the city center, although the surrounding area is nice. The innkeepers were courteous but frosty. For what Hotel Zandberg costs, it should have been much better. Biggest plus: the nearby lunch place at Emma Street tram stop with cheap and terrific broodjes.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>revjcs
<Content>We loved our stay here! We loved our stay and can't wait to go back! We were there as a family, with seven of us in two rooms. The quad room at the back was wonderful, as has been reported in other emails.We agree with all the great things that have been written- great and helpful hosts, fine breakfast, perfect location, loved the non-smoking aspect.We would definitely stay there again. No question. My only caveat would be that I would want a room at the back. There were three of us in our room, and the other two had no problems sleeping. I, a light sleeper, was kept awake by street lights and street noise until I bought earplugs and wore my sleeping mask. It's worth it to stay there, but try for a room on the back side if you are a light sleeper.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find! I am a seasoned TripAdvisor shopper and depend on its information for choosing hotels, particularly in first-time visits to cities. We chose the Zandbergen because of its consistently good reviews, and the unusual circumstance of Robert Vonk's personal reply to the one negative review on the site. I figured any owner who would take the time to respond the way he did was worth staying with! We stayed 3 nights in the quadruple room on the ground floor and found it amazing. Spacious with a semi-private garden patio, it was everything we could have hoped for. The mini-bar snacks and drinks were even reasonably priced, saving us the trouble of remembering a grocery stop for that last coke or bottle of water. The beds were comfortable, the room spotless, the bathroom spacious by European standards, and the breakfast was excellent. We also loved the location--away from the crowds and congestion of central Amsterdam but just a 1-minute walk from the tram stop for a quick ride to anywhere you would want to go. I would absolutely stay here again and recommend this fine hotel to anyone visiting Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PAHKI
<Content>Most pleasant Hotel and neighborhood Hotel Zandbergen may have been the most pleasant room and neighborhood we鈥檝e ever stayed in, worldwide. Non-smoking was first on our list for hotels, small was second. Even beautiful luxury hotels can seem so anonymous, not Hotel Zandbergen. Hosts, Robert and Margaret made the breakfast time very personable and tasty. The room was bright, clean and quiet with plenty of water pressure in the shower/tub. There was no noise from other rooms or the street. We did enjoy one evening with gentle acoustic guitar music floating in through our balcony from an artistic neighbor. We prefered the quieter Museum district neighborhood to the bustling central canal area. What could be easier than the tram on the corner or walking to Amsterdam's attractions, parks and cafes we had on our wish list? We shopped in the neighborhood for tram tickets, pastries, and so much more. It was the perfect home-base for our day trip train excursions to Rotterdam, Delft, Haarlem, Hoorn, and Zaanse-Schans. We'd love to go again for another lovely week.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reasonable, clean and comfortable For a three star hotel this is a little gem. The rooms were clean, comfortable and we got a great rate on the Internet. It was near enough to the Leidesplein to walk to the entertainment. Near the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum. You could get the number 2 tram outside the door right into the centre. The continental breakfast was included with a good selection of cheese, bread, preserves, etc. The staff were friendly and helpful.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>True Hospitality The Hotel Zandbergen is a great hotel located in a beautiful part of Amsterdam. The hotel is run by Robert and Margaret Vonk who display nothing but true hospitality. They are always willing to provide advice and assist in every way they can.The hotel is located in a quiet area of Amsterdam, extremely close to the Vondelpark, Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and Concertgebouw yet is not very far from the very centre of Amsterdam either.I would highly recommend a stay at the Hotel Zandbergen!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ALAN SANDERSON
<Content>SUPER HOSTS WITH A WONDERFUL HOTEL we had the good fortune to book a three day break at the hotel zandbergen(21st to the 24th of february 2005),in an excellent location just ten or twelve minutes on the tram from central station.A FIRST CLASS BREAKFAST EVERY MORNING.A comfortable room with a top of the range bathroom.The owners are such charming people and cannot do enough for there guests.We shall certainly be returning.One handy hint if you are staying for three days as we did call in the transport office across the road from the station and ask for a three day run around ticket which you will find is super value.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So good we just have to go back!   showReview(3181410, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A 'must stay there again' place to stay   showReview(3105849, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay At A Nice Bed    showReview(2130957, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very happy with the Zandbergen   showReview(1762678, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Breakfast   showReview(1538368, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Hotel Zanbergen   showReview(1508925, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Zandbergen   showReview(604782, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Estive no hotel j谩 tem algum...   showReview(20435834, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>francesco27
<Content>ottimo hotel con appartamento ideale per famiglie con bambini   showReview(19459211, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr freundliches Personal...   showReview(19492910, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buen hotel, estandares...   showReview(18411192, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DiabolosEngel
<Content>Traum von Amsterdam!       Penthouse, Wohnzimmer  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo...   showReview(16727495, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>legio
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(10570377, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Se trata de un hotel peque帽o...   showReview(11401789, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueil remarquable parlant...   showReview(11401790, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bon s茅jour dans cet...   showReview(12648379, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>baslerreist
<Content>Besser gehts nicht, unschlagbare Gastfreundlichkeit   showReview(7552186, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅-prix.Bon...   showReview(11401791, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon s茅jour mais il faut...   showReview(11401792, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel c茅ntrico en zona...   showReview(11401793, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beim n盲chsten Amsterdambesuch...   showReview(11401794, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>CAMERE PICCOLISSIME E...   showReview(11401795, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

