<Author>lilsmi
<Content>absolutely perfect beach vacation       culebra beach villas  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>gissele303
<Content>One of the best places to vacation My fiancee and I went to Culebra Beach Villas for a week during the month of October. We flew from San Juan Puerto Rico to Isla Culebra and minutes after arriving we fell in love with the people and the Island. We met some of the most friendliest people as soon as we arrived to the small airport. It turns out we happened to be on the same flight with someone from management who then proceeded to offer us a ride to the villas saving us time and confusion. When we arrived to the villas we were quickly checked in and invited to a bbq with management and other locals from the island. Soon after that, they made every attempt to make us feel comfortable and have a wonderful experience during our stay. They gave us tips on what to do and see, and even invited us to their houses for drinks. The villa we stayed in had everything we needed to make ourselves at home and was clean. We found utensils, pots, microwave, refrigerator, etc, etc. We were able to cook our own romantic dinners in one of the most beautiful beaches in the world. We have traveled to many places but we have never before had the service, friendliness, and detail we had during our stay in Culebra Beach Villas. Also since we arrived during slow season we practically had Flaminco Beach to ourselves! The only thing this place lacks is a closer grocery store since it takes about 10-15 minutes to the closest one. I would recommend taking energy bars or some sort of snack to have around until you can make it to the store especially if you have children. And believe me, if you have children this is the place to stay! I cannot wait to go back and maybe take my niece since the beach is perfect for children as well. If you are looking to relax in a down to earth place with wonderful people this is the place. I would not recommend this place for anyone expecting to stay in expensive resorts with room service.Gissele  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Atlantida1000
<Content>Loved every minute!       The view from teh terrase  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>rubencotto
<Content>nice place I was in the villa with my wife and my experience was realy goog ,the room clean, the outdoor clean, the place is realy close of the beach nobody doing noise in the villas, the manager margarita is realy friendly with the guest, we stay by 3 night and 4 days, everything POSITIVE.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Gretchenls
<Content>Beautiful but isolated My husband and I stayed at Culebra Beach Villas because I had wanted to stay right on Flamenco Beach. We actually loved the property- the cabins and landscaping were beautiful and Flamenco Beach is absolutely stunning. Our unit was basic but very clean and nicely decorated and it had a spacious deck where we spent our evenings. As other visitors have stated, the hotel is very isolated and guests should plan to stock up on provisions in town if you have not rented a car or scooter- there are a couple of well stocked grocery stores. There is no restaurant on site, but a beach bar was supposed to be opening in December. We were in Culebra during the rainy season, so the mosquitos/bugs were pretty bad and we definitely needed bug spray. My husband and I were saddened by the amount of stray/feral cats on the property. Some were socialized and in relatively good shape, but others seemed to be feral. They were fearful of us, hungry, skinny and had various wounds, i.e. deep neck wound, eye infection and tail sores. We are unsure if management provides any care for the animals. We heard after the fact from another party that Culebra Beach Villas refuses offers of assistance in order to improve the lives of these animals.We would love to return, but we have serious reservations about the potential neglect of animals on their property.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ido4u
<Content>Best place to enjoy the beautiful beach- Flamenco       dog i caught :)  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SanJuanBoricua
<Content>Very Expensive with Problems The Culebra Beach Villas Hotel is very expensive for what they offered. It鈥檚 really a camping ground with beds and a/c to sleep. The beds are as hard as a rock and the bedding used is probably 10 years old. Appliances are in good working condition but dirty. Be aware of the monster size flying 鈥渃ucarachas鈥?while you sleep.We experience a REALLY bad odor from cats and chickens/roosters feces everywhere. We had to clean the porch with lavender cleaner in order to be outside. The unfreindly Management could only offer running water from 8am to 8pm. So, if you have to use the bathroom in the middle of the night鈥?too bad. In addition, they do not provide any towels, soap, toilette paper or dish soap for your stay. They DO NOT clean very well, because we found inside the bedroom closet and 鈥渙ld鈥?female underwear and several kids bathing suits under the beds. The Management is only available a few hours during the day, even though they live in one of the villas in the premises. The website clearly noted that in each villa an X number of guests are allowed. But several of the villas around us that only had beds for 2-4, but they had 8 to 9 guests鈥?making the noise and trash more noticeable. We reported certain issues to the Manager, his response 鈥?he is only there to hand out and pick up the villas keys. What it is inside each the villa 鈥済ood鈥?or 鈥渂ad鈥?or 鈥渋nsufficient鈥?is what the owner supplies and nothing else is provided. We do noticed that behind the Managers Office a storage room, with bath soap, rolls of paper towels, toilet paper, dish soap鈥?etc. we visited this room thinking it was the office and were surprise when Management told us that they DO NOT provide any of these items. Management was very upset that we visited the storage room....humm!Good Luck if you are thinking on renting at the Culebra Beach Villas. My advice --- please stay in the downtown 鈥渇erry鈥?area hotels and take the $2.00 taxi to the free Public Flamenco Beach.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>LosAngelesCaligirl
<Content>Amazing beach, decent place to stay The main attraction is Flamenco Beach, it is hands down one of the most beautiful beaches I have ever seen. There is very little development on Flameno beach (or Culebra for that matter) so the only places to stay on this beach are Culebra Beach Villas, a similar apartment building next door (can't remember the name) and a campsite. Culebra Beach Villas offers you the ability to be right on the beach and it's amazing. What you have to put up with are just basic accomodations that are more like camping cabins. That being said, we really enjoyed our stay over Memorial Day weekend. The atmosphere is very family friendly, there are community grills and it is fun to hang out and meet your neighbors. We did a lot of cooking in our room as well since it takes at least 15-20 minutes to drive into town. Culebra has very little nightlife and dining options so if you come here, think of it as a rustic, laid-back vacation. If you are seeking luxury, go to another island!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>mndy77
<Content>amazing views Stayed with 3 other adults for 4 nights and we had a great time. The 2 bedroom apartment was clean and spacious. A little rundown but better to track in sand that way. The kitchen was fully equiped and the shower was super hot. Some resident cats kept us company and the roosters were a wonderful alarm clock! Flamenco beach is amazing. Very empty and quiet. Local culebra residents are womderfully helpful, most speaking good english. The hammocks are great and the bbq area is spacious for a dinner party with new friends. We never wanted to leave. Love culebra!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>crunnermom
<Content>Ultimate relaxation on the most beautiful beach My daughter and I spent four nights at Culebra Beach Villas. We arrived with some reservations having read a few very negative reviews of these villas on this website. Our experience there was very POSITIVE.Our studio unit was number three behind the main building. The room was clean, comfortable and cool. The frig kept our beer cold and the freezer provided ice. The hammock on the porch was a comfy place to nap.It was a two minute walk to the soft silky sand of Flamenco Beach. There you could just hang out soaking up the sunshine. If you wanted you could jump in the turquoise blue water to boogie board or take a short walk down the beach to snorkel.Most days we hiked a mile or so to go snorkeling along a coral reef that had the most incredible sea life. We got there by 9 or 9:30 and had the beach to ourselves for quite sometime.I love to travel and explore whenever I can. I've been so very lucky to have visited incredibly beautiful beaches on the Outer Banks of North Carolina, the panhandle of Florida, Harbour Island in the Bahamas, Essaouira in Morocco and Zanibar off the coast of Tanzania. Flamenco Beach in Culebra is one of the most spectacular.We loved the relaxing atmosphere of the villas. We didn't mind the roosters roaming around and cockledoodledooing 24/7. We enjoyed the party life of some of our neighbors in villas closeby. We liked vacationing with the locals.I wish I could return tomorrow. Ahhh....it was perfect for us!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lvn2travl
<Content>The Beach was A+ but room was B- My husband and our 4 year old daughter stayed in Unit 3A at CBV from 2/20-2/22. The location is fabulous! It was so nice hearing the ocean from your bedroom, that was def worth the price! But the villa itself, for the price, should of been better. Half of our shutters did not open, therefore, we could not get any type of breeze through them. Some of the windows were missing screens so we could not open them at all. I went to open a cabinet in the kitchen and the handle fell off. The villa def needed some improvements but it did not ruin our vacation. We rented a jeep thru carlos jeep for the two days. toured the island. very nice. flamenco beach is out of this world and the location was awesome but i dont know if the actual villa was worth the money!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>LittleRaven
<Content>Living in a cave.       Flamenco Beach looking NW  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaredCulebraVisit108
<Content>Very near beach, but villa condition leave much to be desired at price My wife and I spent 5 nights at Culebra Beach Villas (CBV) from 1/12/08 to 1/19/08 in unit #16, a studio efficiency for $125/night. Here are my thoughts on CBV and I wish that I had a reco for another place, but all I really saw enough of to review was the villas.The one big pro:1) If you really want to be very near Flamenco beach, there are only 3 options: the campground, Flamingo Beach Villas(right next to CBV) and CBV. So the location is primo for this and there aren't many options. Flamingo beach really is gorgeous, but without much shade during much of the day and crowded :) (I know I'm jaded when I write this --10-20 people on the beach during the week) compared to Zoni or Rosario which we really had to ourselves.However, it's worth mentioning that there are very few amenities at the beach (we were only able to buy water at the office) and so rented a jeep. Since Flamenco is only ~5 minutes from Dewey (the only town and where the ferry docks), and as we visited most of the other beaches listed in the travel guides instead of spending all our time on Flamenco, I wonder if it wouldn't be better to spend ~$85 and stay closer to town, but as I say, I only know about CBV from my stay. And now the several cons:1) Although the studio was clean, the appliances didn't work properly. - Our refrigerator didn't cool and our freezer was (we think) the temperature of a fridge. Despite some tries, management never fixed it.- The electric range gave bad shocks if one wasn't insulated from the floor.Management鈥檚 suggestion was to cook in shoes.- The wax seal on the toilet leaked on the final day after clogging for the 4th or 5th time which was really gross.- This isn't really an appliance issue, but the kitchen area is very small, so the sink is actually a bar sink and very hard to fit pots into.2) Normal sorts of supplies that one expects with an efficiency were lacking. So we received 2 bath towels and one bath mat and 2 pillows and 2 sheets and a blanket, but no wash cloths, no sharp kitchen knives--only butter knives, no utensils for the barbeque, no hand towels for the kitchen, no normal sorts of leftovers like coffee filters, salt and pepper. Also sheets and towels are only changed 1 every 4 days (supposedly) and for us never during our 5 day stay (I had gotten tired of talking ineffectually to management by then).3) Roosters, Chickens, and Cats: the whole compound is full of roosters, chickens and cats. I found that unless I ran the air conditioner (which cut out the sound of the surf or a huge reason to sleep near the beach), I would be awakened by roosters at first light and then continuously until about 9 unless I got up sooner. The porch attached to the studio is very pretty with hammocks and plenty of lounging chairs etc, but they are also covered with chicken droppings and the smell is noticeably barnyard like and makes everything dirty.4) The 'villas' are each independently owned and the manager on-site doesn't seem to have the concern that an 'owner operator' might (of course they have a near lock on accommodations on the beach). Also the office is open very short hours 10am-1 (I think) and then 2-5, so one has to wait around or come back early to find the manager.So overall, I gave it a 2 because the location is very good and the unit is clean. But for people who intend to cook in the unit or who care much about chicken droppings on the porch or roosters crowing at dawn, I cannot recommend CBV. My wife felt that it was the type of rental one might expect to pay 45/night for on the North Carolina coast (without the roosters) if this helps anyone get an impression of CBV.Just a few comments on Culebra:-The island is absolutely stunning and incredible. -I would highly reco renting a vehicle and budgeting accordingly.-Like everywhere in the Caribbean, the coral is mostly dead, but if one can look beyond this, the snorkeling at Rosario is great.-If you can bring food to the island, do.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	1	3	

<Author>ladyesq
<Content>Rustic, Romantic and Right on the Beach!       hen comes with villa  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>AnaliaMiami
<Content>Amazing Culebra!! My Family and I stayed at Culebra Beach Villas last summer, and was amazing, the place is so fresh, the room was very clean and the peole are very friendly. We waked up and went directly to Flamenco Beach, that was awesome. That does not have comparisson, you are in the best beach. And during the night, you can see the most wonderfull sky with a million of star, because there is no light contamination. I want to return the next winter.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FancyDay
<Content>Location, location, locagion Our family of 5 stayed in 3-bdrm unit #4-A for 4 nights in March. My expectations were low after reading the reviews. But we had a fantastic stay and would probably return. The location right on Playa Flamenca is unsurpassed - pristine and private. Even on the weekends, it wasn't that crowded (I know that may be different in summer when Puerto Ricans vacation there).Our unit was on the 3rd floor - lots of stairs, but that wasn't a problem for us. The balcony overlooked the beach - the views were fantastic. The unit was spartan, but extremely clean. The beds were OK, linens were basic. The kitchen was stocked with all the basic essentials for cooking, but nothing else was supplied except sponge and soap (e.g., no paper towels). We used the BBQs downstairs. Tony, the property manager, was friendly and helpful. He gave us his restaurant recommendations and happily fixed a A/C unit in one of our bedrooms. Ice and water are available for sale from the office. A car is a necessity here, in my opinion, for grocery shopping and restaurant meals in town.If you want to be on one of the most spectacular beaches in the Caribbean, you like privacy and peace and you don't mind self-catering, Culebra Beach Villas is for you. If you expect ANY amenities, don't consider it.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>IBX
<Content>Sleeping with bedbugs..         
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClaudiaSeattle
<Content>Rats in our bedroom The place was below average anyway, but the rats that crawled in beneath the kitchen sink and left poop all over the kitchen counter were too much. And NO, we did not have any food anywhere in the room. The rats kept us up all night and when we talked to the managers in the morning they said they would take care of it and stuffed the hole underneath with some foam. That lasted until 5 a..m. and then the rats broke through again. Disgusting. Management provided NO apology or any kind of refund. Avoid this place.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>fruitflyboy
<Content>Must stay! This place has gotten a lot of bad reviews in the past, so we were prepared for a not-so-great experience. But everything was great. The woman who greeted us was friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. We rented studio villa #7. There are nice hammocks and swings outside each villa. The beach, as everybody notes, is gorgeous. Staying in these villas means that you can sit on the pure white sand at night and watch the moonlight AND take an early morning stroll right up to where there are colorfully painted former US tanks. There is supposedly good snorkeling on the right side of the beach, but be careful, the water can get rough sometimes. There is some nice snorkeling at Carlos Rosario and Tamarindo, a short walk from here.Overall, we highly recommend this experience. It's obviously not a luxury vacation, but if you want to experience the ocean in a relaxed setting, Culebra is great!Oh, remember to take mosquito repellent and use it generously (when you're outside the room. Inside is fine and has A/C).  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>godessathena
<Content>Memorable !! August 14-16, 2006 My husband and I spent 2 days and 2 nights at Culebra Beach Villa, studio #16. Since each villa is individually owned I can only rate the room that we were in but it was perfect !!! I would only stay at CBV again! The entire place was very nice and clean. Being on the beach is incredible!What no one has posted before is that the public beaches close at dark. I don't know how well they enforce it, but technically they are closed. The sun sets around 5:30 and by 6:30 it is dark! When staying at CBV you have your own private end of the beach and Flamenco beach is prettier than the photos on the websites! I promise!! Our first night there we went walking on the beach under a blanket of stars and danced on the beach. We were up early the next morning playing in the water. We hiked over to Carlos Rosario and snorkled. The path was much harder to locate than we'd planned but we found it. The air conditioner in the room worked almost too well! The best way to plan your visit is to bring your own food if come over on the ferry ;otherwise, go to the store after you arrive, buy what you need and don't leave CBV until it is time to leave the island. The rest of the island left us a bit cold, but the beach was awesome. We would go back and take friends in a heatbeat! They have an outdoor grill on the patio of every villa and an outdoor table and chairs. There is no reason to leave. Just hang out and relax. I highly recommend CBV. Word of warning...take antibiotics with you. The pharmacist is only on the island on Tuesdays and doesn't arrive until 5pm.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>girllaw
<Content>Not everything it's cracked up to be! I was born and raised in Pr and have stayed in Vieques and Culebras in private residences, hotels, B  B麓s as well as in boats stationed in one of the spectacular bays. They are both increcdible, pristine and unique!But Culebra Beach Villas was definitely not what was advertised. Too bad I didn麓t listen to friends and reviews! My birthday was not so much fun due to my decision to stay in this place...I will try to explain so future visitors can make an informed decision according to their interests. First, the posivie reviews I have read refer mainly to the shacks that are located behind the main building (individual apartments). THOSE are rather nice and clean but they don麓t have a view since the main building blocks it. Neverthless, the main building is, simply, falling apart and the owners don麓t want to invest money in it since the government is apparently trying to eliminate the oceanfront structure because it is damaging the beach (it is literally in the sand). I managed to get in touch with the owner because the nice people form JM Rentals, seeing as we were going to leave early from Culebra, got us in touch with him. To no use, since the second room they gave us was still in the same main building and again had no electricity in part of the room (the bathroom, so no hot water) and the alarm went off at 7am!!!! there were no employees around so nothing was done about it...Although the beach is RIGHT in front and it is amazing!!!! there is no restaurant except for a place they want to call a bar or something, but just looking at it with its flies and the stench made you want to go elsewhere. So, you are at the beach but have to move around to eat if you don麓t have a kitchen or just don麓t want to cook. Taxis don麓t like to drive there since the small road into the hotel is full of potholes...If you want beachfront and some place to eat, go with Tamarindo Estates. Although the beach is not directly in front of the hotel and Flamenco is way better, it is still really close by and the hotel is wonderful for around the same price. Culebra Beach Villas, for the price, is not comparable to other hotels.  I would never expect luxury in Culebra since its charm is kinda roughing it, but I do expect clean rooms, electricity, and at least cordial staff when things get tough. Especially for the price (I payed 135 plus 9% tax for a full bed)! So if you idea is to honeymoon, to have nice places to eat around and you don麓t have a car, beware of Culebra Beach Villas! If you want to have a nice beach walking distance and have a car to drive to restaurants, ask specifically for a shack in the back and hope the staff is in a good mood that day!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what I was looking for       Inside Villa # 13  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place is the pits but the beach out of this world The beach? Outstanding , magnificient and out of this world. But be prepared to bring your own towels, bed sheets and everything to make your life more comfortable. The best time to go is December through March because it is when we enjoy our best temperatures 70's. Ah, do not forget to bring a broom, mop, rags to clean, Soft Scrub and Clorox to desinfect your kitchen, bathroom, etc. I always bring a plastic cover for the mattress and good padded cotton cover to then add the sheets. Otherwise I would rather put a tent and sleep outside. In other words set up your mind for camping at the gorgeous Flamingo Beach, which is one of the best beaches of Puerto Rico. Since the road is pretty bad rent a 4x4 and bring all your food and water from the big Island (its cheaper.) I love the beach but I always arrive with a cleaning crew and the first thing I do is clean and I mean clean because the place is really filthy. I go with a group of enthusiatic unspoiled beach lovers. Remember prepare in advance. Anything to make you comfortable since the accommodations are the pits and you do not want these inconveniences to spoil the treat. Enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEST TIME OF MY LIFE Me and my girlfriend spent a week at the Villas and it was beautiful. We stayed at apt 2A and I could not belive how all I had to do to beat to the beach was walk down a flight of steps. I recomend these villas to anyone who is planning on going to Culebra. Air Comditioned rooms right on the beach... what else can you ask for?  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wounderful time The beach is one of the world's best. Stayed in Villa 18 and it just got an overhaul. Very nice. Will be back in April. Highly recomended.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>valeriol
<Content>What a spot       More of the beach  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More like a shack - Buttttt Went 2004. If you are looking for a nice resort. Then dont look here. The rooms are nasty dirty. But I hate to say I will go again. The location is incredible. I never rode the Taxi I just rented a bike. Went lobster hunting had paella with some locals. I work for an airline and have to say this is one nasty dirty hotel. But looking for a beautiful beach here it is. I guess it is not crowded because nobody wants to stay there.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barbaradixon
<Content>Worse than you can imagine Our friends rented this place for us. They live in San Juan and it was a friend of a friend kind of thing. The villa (what a misnomer) was filthy, dark, hot, shabby, and on and on. We had some groceries with us but I wouldn't even open them. There was no way I would try to fix a meal in that filthy kitchen. Not even a piece of toast. And when I opened the fridge it was so dirty we wouldn't even put our juice in there. Rather throw it away.We couldn't open any windows. They had shutters that were nailed shut. This made the room like a oven, not to mention so dark. They probably thought this would help cover all the flaws. No way!The bedding was paper thin, so we tooks the sheets from two beds and put them together. Even then I was hesitant to lay down.My husband became very sick, and we had to cut our stay from 4 days to 1. They would not give us a refund. Did he get sick from the filth? Who knows.Our friends intervened for us, trying to get a partial refund. Nope. Now I know why they wanted full payment up front. No one would stay if they hadn't already paid.The beach is spectacular, doesn't come any better. But even the wonderful beach can't make up for the squalid conditions of the villa.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>wgambe
<Content>loveliest beach i've ever seen terrible conditions in villas I visited Culebra Beach Villas for the 6th time this long 4th of July weekend. I can only say thar each time I visit it I'm more and more dissapointed. These people take advantage of being the only resort available to stay in that is located at this GEORGEOUS beach. The place is NOT one of the cheapest (we paid $600.00 for a villa that fits 6 for the weekend) nor one of the cleanest. We saw roaches, the kitchen supplies were dirty, the place needs painting,the bathroom DEFINITELY needs some work and the employees are not too friendly. Overall they need to invest some money in fixing the place up. I'm a local (live in San Juan) and am very saddened that every time I visit it just looks worse. I love staying there only because of the location (right on Flamenco Beach) which is my favorite beach. I truly believe this is one of the most beutiful in the WORLD. Too bad the closest place to stay in is no good.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lilipadk
<Content>Average rooms, top location! We stayed at the Culebra Beach Villas in early February - I'd say the $125+ per night was a bit steep for the room, which was average, but the location was top notch on Flamenco Beach (be sure and walk over to check out the old tank on the opposite end of the beach). Since we were there for only 2 nights, it may have been smarter and less expensive to stay in town, but if you are a beach person, then this is the place to be. The beach is lovely, with great snorkeling off of Playa Tamarindo only a 30-minute scenic hike away. The Culebra Beach Villas have a wonderful beach side little tiki bar serving great frozen drinks ($6). We were in room #3 and it was fine (bring all your won ammenities, though, like soap, shampoo, and coffee, and lots of bug spray for the mosquitoes that come out at dusk). The water pressure wasn't good, but the cable came in great! BIG THANKS TO THE POSTER BELOW WHO RECOMMENDED TO GET THE NEWER VILLAS IN THE BACK.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very, very, very bad experience Several days ago we arrived to Culebra island, the auto rental experience was great, at Carlos jeep rental, but when we get a the Culebra Beach Villas the experience was totally different, beginning with a very angry front desk attendant, we wait about 3 hours for our villa key, just to find a very unconfotable room with a big fowl smelling over the entire room, garbage kitchen, and fungi all over the bath. A T.V. that doesn't worked, and roaches all over the place. I do not recc. this place to anybody, is better to stay at the beach with a sleeping bag, an enjoy the beautiful beach and sky, but thats all.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>could be a diamond, but is a lump of coal Just visited Flamenco Beach in Culebra this past weekend. The beach is beautiful. Even if you're submerged up to your neck in the water you can still see your toes. Crystal-clear!The villas, however, were another story. They are poorly managed. The manager may or may not be in at your time of checkin. There may or may not be running (fresh) water available in your room. There is no groundskeeper, so you might see trash around if the guests don't pick up after themselves. I couldn't figure out why they keep the trash for the property right at the front entrances (both of them!). So when you get there the first thing you see is trash. The bathroom was disgusting and smelly. Mildew everywhere!I stayed in a studio ($125/night, 1-C) and it smelled very musty (yuk) and was super-humid. My recommendations, if decide to be bold and stay there are: (1) Stay in the newer villas, located at the back of the property - not in the main building. These are made of concrete, and they don't smell. Believe me, I went to see them. (2) Try to stay on the ground floor. The villas have a small cistern whose pump doesn't have enough force to get water to the upper levels. (3) Don't expect your villa to be cleaned daily. They are cleaned every 4 days. (4) If you require a TV, you must ask for a villa that has one, not all of them do. (5) Ask exactly what appliances your villa has. The one I stayed in was supposed to have a microwave but didn't. Beware of the electrical stoves. I got shocked while I was cooking. (6) Thank goodness I took my own cooking utensils and pots with me. The ones in the villa were in poor, poor shape. Plus, without any water to wash them with you won't want to use them! (7) Expect bad service and you won't be disappointed.Culebra and Flamenco Beach are DEFINITE repeats. Culebra Beach Villas I'm not so sure...  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing!!!!! I arrived in Culebra from Maunabo on Monday, May31st. We left for NY on June 4th. First, I should let you know that I am not a high maintenance kind of guy. I prefer beautiful surrounding over 5-star accomodations. The villa that we stayed in, villa #5, was extremely spartan in it's amenities, but more than made up for it in it's character- a hammock on the front porch, as well as a 2-seater swing and a grill. The beach is about 150 steps from our villa- PERFECT!!! Each villa is privately owned, and borders one of the most beautiful beaches in the world!! I walked around all day with no shoes on and trunks...my kind of vacation!!! We met some really cool people. I boarded a boat with a friend to Luis-Pena, and Island off the coast of Culebra, and snorkelled. There's a beautiful coral reef surrounding the island, as well as a pretty cool shipwreck. Forget the naysayers, and visit Culebra with an open mind. If you want to be steps away from Flamenco beach- morning, noon and nite as we were, and you do not care too much about flashy amenities, give Culebra beach Villas a chance. I'm definitely a satisfied customer!!   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Our family has just returned from a lovely vacation in PR. We stayed in Vega Baja with friends, and went with them for three days to Culebra Island. There were 10 in our group -- 3 families. We relied on the advertising of the hotel, which claimed that there were deluxe efficiency apartments and a bar/restaurant on the property. On arrival, there was no one in the office, and our rooms were not ready. We waited for several hours, and finally the staff cleaned the rooms by 5:30-6:00. During our wait, we were told that there was no bar, restaurant or food available at the villas. The rooms were minimally clean, and service was poor. No one cleaned the rooms or made the beds, and if we wanted fresh towels, we had to find a staff person and get them ourselves.The beach is lovely, and the accomodations would have been more tolerable, if the information we received would have been more accurate. For nearly $170 per night, I expect at least a clean room and towels, and a place to get a bite to eat without going into town.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Hidden Gem I just came back from my second trip to Culebra. My boyfriend  I have stayed at Culebra Beach Villas on both trips  have been very satisfied with both our stays. Contrary to what previous reviews have said, the staff was present, very friendly  helpful; check-in took all of 2 minutes;  our villa was clean  pleasant. As far as the roosters go - they're not a disturbance - think of them as it part of the experience. Remember, this is a small, quaint, laid back, anything goes beach town - so if you want to get the most out of your visit you have to relax, let go of stuffy expectations,  just enjoy yourself in order to really appreciate the expereince. Who cares if there is some sand in your room on the beach or if you have to wait a little for your room!!! Get over it! Experiences at all hotels are relative - some poeple have good ones, some have bad ones. For the mere fact that these villas are the only places to stay on Flamenco Beach  all you have to do is wake up  walk to to paradise - it's all worth it! Just remember to bring some food  drinks with you... some bug repellent!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not recommended I stayed at the Culebra Beach Villas in June 2002. The check in was delayed by hours because the room was still dirty. The service was slow. We payed for a nice beachfront suite room and were very disappointed. The room was very sandy and not tidy, the bed was uncomfortable, the bathroom was undesirable to say the least, but the view of Flamenco beach was truly gorgeous. But one could drive and visit the beach for free without having to sleep next to it. The worst part was the roosters on the property that were so loud, in the very early mornings, they seemed to be in the same room, of course they were not, but good luck sleeping past 5am. Culebra island with flamenco and zoni beaches is beautiful but I recommend to stay elsewhere on the island.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Beach! The best beach that we have been to so far. The cabins are very very rustic. There is no hot water and the TV does not work. But that is ok. Each cabin is owned by a different individual. So, the maintainance and amenities are different. We met a couple Mirta and Hector Garcia and they were wonderful and helpful. They own two apartments there and also live there and run the office. The kids loved the cats and the hens running around the place. Will definitely go back again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aleli99
<Content>FABULOSO   showReview(18157245, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Lesliam
<Content>la pase super   showReview(7830205, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	3	2	

