<Author>bearcub88
<Content>In Love with Monna Lisa We just returned from Italy and spent three glorious nights at the Monna Lisa. I can't say enough wonderful things about this hotel. It is perfectly located on a quiet street within walking distance the city's center. The staff was first rate, very helpful in everyway. We were originally given a room that was up two flights of stairs but without a lift, it was a difficult climb for my father. We requested a room on the ground floor and were immediately moved to a lovely room right off the lobby. The room was amazing. It was beautifully decorated and spacious. The room and bathroom were very comfortable and clean. The bed was so comfortable and it was turned down every evening for us. The breakfast buffet was FANTASTIC. There was fresh bread and rolls, meats, cheeses, hardboiled eggs, jams, cereal, fresh fruits and fresh tomatoes. There were also pastries that were to die for. The staff brought us wonderful coffee with warm milk. They were enthusiastic and always courteous. The hotel is beautifuly decorated with many small seating areas where you can relax and meet with friends and family. The courtyard and gardens are beautiful. I would definitely stay at the Monna Lisa again if I am lucky enough to return to Florence.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyInAZ
<Content>Perfect balance of past and present The Hotel Monna Lisa is a wonderful retreat in the city center - slightly removed from the crowds of tourists yet only a few minutes walk to all the sites. I stayed two nights and was sorry I couldn't stay longer. My room in the Limonaia was beautifully decorated, spacious and very comfortable. The bath was also spacious and the shower one of the best I found during my two week jaunt through Italy. I loved walking through the sitting rooms of the hotel, filled with antiques and art. And the garden was a delight even though it was November -- reminding me that the Hotel Monna Lisa retains the charm of the past while offering all the comforts and amenities we have come to expect today.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mrs_Kenobi
<Content>Great hotel! Hotel Monna Lisa is a great place to stay. The room we had was huge! I was a bit concerned at first because we were located on the ground floor just across from the bar and the breakfast room. I thought there would be noise problems, and it kind of made me uncomfortable to be so close to the public area of the hotel. But my concerns were silly. We had double doors opening to yet another set of double doors to enter our room. I heard no noise in the morning or any other time. I was also concerned about the view, but we had a lovely courtyard just outside our room. We stayed two nights. The location was excellent. We were just moments away from the Duomo and just a few more moments away from the Ponte Veccio, walking that is. We took a taxi from the train station as it was a bit too far to walk, but the price was reasonable. The hotel service was very good. The employees all spoke English well and were informative about all hotel ammenities as well as getting taxis and negotiating Florence finding good restaurants for dinner, etc. The breakfast was very good. They offered a variety of meat, cheese, bread, etc. with a lovely view of yet another courtyard. Our room was enormous! It had beautiful antique furnature, but modern facilities including a jacuzzi tub and flatscreen television with cable, or satelite. Normally I don't like to watch television while in fabulous places like Florence, but it was nice to watch news about the election (we stayed the first week in November and did absentee ballot) on BBC World while I dressed in the morning. All together, it was a lovely stay.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Happytraveler10180
<Content>Charming, special hotel, concerned staff I stayed 5 days at the Monna Lisa in the old buidling, then took a side trip to Naples, and returned to Florence, spending 2 more nights in the new addition. I loved this hotel. The first room was charming, with beautiful wooden beams in the ceiling. The newer room was also quite large, especially by the standard of most European hotel rooms. Both rooms had a good bed, with a firm mattress (which I'd requested). Both rooms were clean, and had beautiful appointments.The hotel is conveniently located, and I found it an easy walk to every location I wanted to visit. I got to know the staff well, and they had excellent recommendations for restaurants. While I was in Naples, I had to change plans suddenly, needing to return to Florence earlier than expected. I called the Monna Lisa's manager, Gabriel, and although the hotel was sold out the extra night I was seeking, he reassured me that I should just take the train back to Florence and if he didn't have any cancellations, he would personally make sure I had a room in a nearby hotel. I can't tell you how comforting it was to know that someone in Italy was looking out for me like that. I can't say enough about what a wonderful hotel and staff are found here. It's my new home away from home.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TNtwosome
<Content>Great Historic Hotel Our family group of 3 adults stayed at the Monna Lisa during a 4 day visit to Florence. We booked thru a travel agent a few months before our trip and had no issues with overbooking or wrong accommodations, such as I've read about on this site.We found this hotel to to exceed our expectations in most all areas: Location was very good- Close to the Duomo, art galleries, and excellent restaurants- we walked almost everywhere; Front Desk Staff was very courteous and helpful with directions  recommendations; our room was spacious  clean. (We stayed in room #1- The Hidden Room, that I've seen reviewed online). The AC needs to be improved somewhat, room was warm  humid during fall season when windows can't be opened due to the mosquito population...The breakfast was wonderful, the decor  gardens was true old world- adding to the experience.Overall our stay at the Monna Lisa was very enjoyable and we would recommend it highly to any travelers to Florence.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>retroman8
<Content>A great place in Florence A stunning hotel in the middle of Florence but down a quiet road within easy distance of the Duomo. Staff are friendly. Decor is excellent. A real compliment to good taste. Anyone who doesn't appreciate this hotel is sadly missing something.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JanaWhidbeyIsland
<Content>A Confirmed Reservation is Useless I spent hours searching for a hotel in Florence. Even with the bad reviews the hotel looked so beautiful I took the chance and booked it. This was to be a special mother, daughter vacation in Italy. More than one person reported being turned away with a reservation so before I left the US I emailed the hotel directly to confirm my reservation. I received a polite response from the hotel. To quote Anticipating the pleasure of welcoming you at the Mona Lisa. After a long flight, and a $30 taxi ride we arrived after dark, tired and ready to retire. The woman at the front desk greeted us with the news that they had overbooked and there was no room for us! I was furious to say the least. All I got was a pouty expression from the woman at the desk apologizing. She went on to tell us about the mosquitoes as if to reassure us that we wouldn't want to stay there anyway! They did book us in another hotel, and paid the taxi to get us there yet I was still very disappointed. I had an image in my mind of where we would be staying and the replacement hotel was nothing like I expected. I have never written a review before but I felt my story was worth sharing. I can not recommend this hotel under the circumstances. Beware, my experience was not the first time this has happened at the Mona Lisa.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>WinnieFogg
<Content>Definitely not a four star hotel We had an ok experience at the Monna Lisa although I have to say that it's definitely not a four star hotel. The garden was beautiful and the mattress was excellent but: the pillows were so so, the bathroom was tiny, the breakfast buffet was repetitive and very limited, the air-conditioning barely worked, the staff with some exceptions weren't friendly at all and some of them even seemed quite careless, and last but not least cleanliness left a lot to be desired. At 180 euro a night I consider it a rip-off.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>FStinnett
<Content>Great interesting place to stay We were in Florence for two nights and stayed at the Mona Lisa we absolutely loved it!!! The charm and beauty of this place is a wonderful memory of our Italian vacation. Our room was small very clean and well equiped with a mini bar flat screen tv etc The front desk was very helpful. The breakfast was excellent and the dining room that it was served in was gorgeous and homey. I would definetly return.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>travelbug280
<Content>Hotel Monna Lisa - Do Not Recommend... We just returned from our trip to Italy and sadly must report that the experience at the Hotel Monna Lisa was not a good memory for such a lovely city. The hotel by any standards - European or American - or on any level - cleanliness, location, safety, friendliness or customer service - the hotel was terrible. The photos do not reflect the state of grim or mustiness of the rooms or the quality of their food (breakfast included).As you enter the room, on the dressing table are several balls of incense to burn for mosquitos. You should not be in the room while the incense is burning. Bathrooms are small, dank, old and not clean as a ring of mold existed around the tub/shower area.We were two women traveling together and specifically asked for two separate beds. One king is not two beds. We called the Rome office of the travel agent and asked to be moved to another hotel. The agency requested we change rooms as it was late and thought it would help. Although we changed rooms, the improvement was marginally better. Larger room with separated beds and a full length mirror.When we went to the front desk for information, the manager, clearly indicated his unhappiness for us calling the travel agent. As we were not seasoned travelers, we were taken aback. We were too exhausted from traveling to push back with the travel agent although we should have as the location was dicey, in our opinion.There were unsavory men hanging out at the end of the street during the day. As you walked the area, it had very few good shops or restaurants. Nothing in the immediate surrounding area that made you feel good about being in the neighborhood. Nothing quaint or of interest.Interestingly, when we did ask the front desk about restaurants they overlooked one of the most highly recommended restaurants in all of Florence, Il Gionstra (spelling) down the street. We kept walking by it, thinking the hotel did not recommend it. We happened to look at one of our books and read about the #1 restaurant. Needless to say we were surprised to find this highly rated restaurant was down the street. That was the only good thing about being in the area at night! The food was superb! Again, disappointed that the hotel surely had known about this restaurant and mentioned nothing.We should have gone with our instincts to move from the hotel. Unfortunately, we lacked the fortitude and the judgment to persist with the travel agent to change hotels. We would have enjoyed our stay in Florence so much more had we changed. Luckily, after much communication with the travel agent, we received a refund. Honestly, find another hotel to stay in and enjoy Florence but do go to that restaurant.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikeandGayle
<Content>Monna Lisa - A great place to stay for a family       Monna Lisa rear garden area  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Travelingmaniac08
<Content>Loved the Monna Lisa My husband and I absolutely loved this charming hotel. We booked through a travel agent, not really caring too much about our hotel accomodations while on our honeymoon. We were so pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the Monna Lisa. It oozes charm, the staff was so kind and our room was... fun! The door to our room was almost hidden in a sense, it blended into the wall and unless you were staying in the room, you may not even notice it was there. We had a loft style room with a living room on the main floor and a bed upstairs. We had plenty of room to move around and it felt so homey. A nice retreat when we were tired from walking around the city.Breakfast was good, enough to fill us up and plenty of options to choose from (love the croissants and nutella!). The decor cracked us up. The lobby outside our room had pictures of Mona Lisa in all different styles, some psychadelic, some modern, some classic. Very amusing.Location was great! We were right by the Duomo and lots of shopping. My husband even had to visit the emergency room one night and it was just down the street (this was very convenient for us at the time!).Overall, I highly recommend this hotel for a quaint, comfy stay in a beautiful city. It's not luxury but it left us with a great impression and great memories.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Peter98
<Content>Monna Lisa is a unique place and well maintained The Monna Lisa was a marvelous hotel and well maintained. Our room on the first floor had a nice view into the gardens, we squeezed 4 people into one room that was ideally suited for two but we had no problem since there is plenty of casual seating areas throughout the first floor, in spring and summer the garden woud be ideal for resting and reading or gathering before departing into the city. The breakfast food was excellant and replenished readily. The dining area was full every morning so I am not the only traveller who made it a point to get started with a nice breakfast. The staff was quick to serve and friendly as well. Our maid service was prompt and thorough. The hotel is on a side street so there is limited traffic and not much noise. The street is well lit at night and there is a very good upscale restaurant, a bakery, and other food establishments within a short walk if you do not want to wander far. I would gladly stay there again and highly recommend this hotel as our experience was excellant.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NoNameTrvlr
<Content>Convenient Location, Quiet Street       Another angle of courtyard  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelingsoutherner
<Content>Great Location, Great Price, Great Staff, Great Hotel This hotel had the most comfortable beds along with the friendliest and most helpful staff of any hotel I have stayed in in Europe and I have stayed in over 50 hotels. It was such a pleasant and nice experience.I recommend it 100%.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>srbBrussels
<Content>Smoky and shabby Fairly pricey (nearly 鈧?00 on the Sat night for what was supposed to be a special deal) and not clear what you're paying for. Public spaces do have some character but the room was small and although supposedly non-smoking, very smoky. I asked for another but was told that they couldn't stop people smoking in the rooms if they wanted to. Staff were reasonably helpful apart from that but I don't think it justified the money.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carrom
<Content>Full of character but....       The bar  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Larkspur101
<Content>Nice Hotel - Beautiful Common Areas       The balcony from our room  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yasunde
<Content>Almost a 4* experience       bedroom - before the maid came - sorry  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>jjoka
<Content>good location fantastic garden       michelangelo square  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>LlynDelaware
<Content>A Step Back Into Time We have just returned from a visit to Florence where we had the great pleasure of staying at The Monna Lisa Hotel. Peter is a historian and I am a former museum curator. We are both seasoned travelers. We loved staying at this beautiful place. The staff was always polite and very helpful. Our room was large and decorated in an elegant old world style. The bathroom was modern and clean (although we couldn't get the jacuzzi to work). Breakfast was served in the vaulted dining room . The food was plentiful, beautifully presented and the staff was friendly and polite. In the hall are two exquisite statues of Dante and his Beatrice. I enjoyed seeing them every morning and evening as I walked to my room. I was in Florence after all. The location is excellent and the Duomo is a 10 minute walk away.There is a splendid little bar at the end of the street (Eby's) and a great restaurant a few blocks toward the Duomo (Zio Gigi). The well known restaurant La Giastra is only steps away. In my research, I have discovered the historical importance of Borgo Pinti ( Boticelli's Castello Annunciation was painted for the convent two doors up from the hotel) and the Palazzo that is now the Monna Lisa has a long and colorful story.Touching on this bit of the past is exciting for me.Why else would one visit Florence if not to delve into the past, to learn from it, and to be inspired by it ? I'd go back to this hotel tomorrow. If the very new is your cup of tea perhaps you should forget Florence and head for L.A. or Atlanta. And, in Italy to receivepoliteness and respect you should also give it. Come to think of it, that is true everywhere. Lynda Macaluso Schnurr  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Benjieu
<Content>Nice poeple, nice place We stayed here on the tale end of our Honeymoon. I e-mailed the hotel previously with a request for reservations at both the Uffizi and the Accademia. I recieved a prompt response with reservation numbers for the requested time slots. We arrived earlier than expected and were about to ask them to hold our luggage while we acquainted ourselves with the city when the management insisted we give them 5 minutes while they double checked the room to make sure we could move on in early.I ready many of the previous posts and was expecting some sort of trouble. I have to say that I did nothing but enjoy my stay. Loretta, the front desk clerk, gave us great directions to available restaurants along with equally good shopping tips. The staff was always courteous and pleasant and the room was very clean. They even gave my wife a canvas tote upon our arrival.Like many other posters, I've travelled extensively as well. I can't say that Italians in general are any more or less rude than any other culture. I actually enjoyed Florence quite a bit and my stay at the Monna Lisa only made my 5 nights there better. I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>EugenStockholm
<Content>horrible staff Nice hotel(more like 3 star), some minutes walkaway from center.But really rude staff(wow) sometimes i think Italiens can be stupied but this was to much.The frontdesk just ignored me when i waiting for check in. I just stod there and waited while the front desk man was writing in his computer for 5 minutes. The he didint say a word just gave me the key.The people who worked in the bar and served breakfast was the same i hate our guests mentality.Nothing wrong with the room, but i never stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaycam
<Content>I Now Know Why She Doesn't Smile We were just married in Ravello Italy on September 28, 2007 - We stayed 7 days in Positano and then planed to spend 5 nights in Florence and 4 nights in Venice for our honeymoon. Our travel agent booked a honeymoon suite at the Mona Lisa hotel. We were told it was a great location. As we pulled up we noticed that the location was less than desirable but the hotel looked like it was pretty decent from the outside. It was late and we wanted to shower, change and have dinner. As we checked in we confirmed that we had booked a honeymoon suite. We opened the door to our room and the first thing we both noticed was this nasty musty stench that just poured out of the room. I thought that maybe if I opened the window I could air the room out. As I opened the window I noticed bars going across the whole window like a jail cell and that I was looking at a brick wall. If I could get my arm threw the bars on the window I would be able to reach out and touch the wall. I soon realized that this was no honeymoon suite or any type of suite at all. My husband notice a ball on the dresser and three little packages next to it. It was a incense ball that plugged into the wall and we were able to choose our favorite flavor. Needless to say they were all putrid on top of the musty stench. The room wasn鈥檛 even big enough to fit our two bags and us. I鈥檝e traveled Europe many times and I know not to expect American size rooms but this room was the smallest room I have ever come across. As it started getting dark I wanted to get some type of light in the room to cheer us up - but to my surprise the lights were already on. The room was so dark you couldn鈥檛 see your hand in front of your face. (Some may think this is romantic but I think it was just down right spooky.) It really takes a lot to get me going 鈥?I am the type of person who can just go with the flow and make the most out of any situation. But at this point I sat down and cried. My husband went back down stairs to see if there was something they could do. The only option was to pay more money to stay in the 鈥渄eluxe honeymoon suite鈥?We then tried to call our travel agent but our phone would not work. When we asked for assistance we were told it would be fixed the next day. I felt like there was no way out we were trapped. There was no way I was staying in a room where I couldn鈥檛 even make a phone call if something went wrong. So we asked to change rooms at whatever price it would be. But that couldn鈥檛 be arranged until the next day as well. So we asked to leave. We were told to 鈥淕O鈥?no apologies 鈥?no assistance of any kind 鈥?not even a congratulations when we walked threw the door. The staff were the rudest most arrogant people I have ever met in all of my travels. We checked into another hotel about five minutes away The Grand Hotel and it was wonderful. One last note on this Mona Lisa hotel they have charged us for one night stay when we only stayed for a total of 10 minutes. We have submitted receipts of the Hotel we actually stayed at that evening along with a receipt from our Taxi to prove we did not stay any nights at this miserable hotel but we are still fighting with them. This is the worst hotel I have ever had the opportunity to visit.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Vetraia
<Content>Good location / Helpful staff We stayed at the Monna Lisa in mid-May 2007, during a trip to celebrate my parents 50th wedding anniversary. The hotel is inside Florence's 'no driving area' (yes, cabs can get there) so everything is walkable, but it just enough outside of the core historical center to be away from the crowds.We found the English speaking staff to be very helpful. Their restaurant recommendations were right on and they were very pleasant about my pitiful attempts to speak Italian. At my emailed request they even arranged to have wine and flowers in my parents room when we arrived.The buffet breakfasts were very nice (try the pastries from the bakery around the corner). Choosing the option of eating it outside by the lovely little oasis of a garden was a fabulous way to start a day.The steps in the oldest part of the hotel (14th century) were a bit much for my 70+ year old parents at the end of a long day. These steps can easily be avoided if you're willing to stay in the newer sections of the hotel, but for me the idea of staying in part of an old palazzo was the kind of the point. After all, isn't this the stuff you go to Florence for??  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WhataWonderfullWorld
<Content>Great location with their own parking We booked and stayed at the hotel before reading these recent reviews.Our main reason for choosing the hotel was that it was central, loooked wonderful and we would be able to park our hire car.The hotel was relatively easy to find but difficult to park outside as it was in a quaint, narrow one-way street. However a very helpful, young Italian porter appeared immediately and got into the car to guide us to their other entrance which gave access to a secure, gated courtyard. On street parking is almost impossible in central Florence and this hotel is just 5 minutes walk from The Duomo.This hotel is based on a 500 year old residence with courtyards. Do not expect a modern exterior. But you will get fantastic public areas steeped in history with wooden panelled ceilings and staircases. However our room was well furnished with a modern bathroom. This had a walk in shower but no bath - which was fine with us. Our air conditioning worked well.Breakfast was of a high standard with plenty of choice - but do not expect a cooked breakfast. This a good quality continental breakfast. Choices included: fresh fruit salad, 3 different other fruits, 3 types of breakfast cereals, boiled eggs, cold meats, cheeses, croissants, pastries, rolls, butter a variety of jams and honey, fresh toast and breads (and I'm sure that I have forgotten some things0 - and a choice of fresh coffee and teas. The service was excellent at breakfast and one couple of American ladies were seen to be giving their waitress a present at the end of their stay to thank her for the level of service which she had given.The reception staff were very helpful, recommending routes through the city, places to visit and restaurants to use. Take their advice - we found it to be very helpful and accurate. Everyone was warm and friendly to us.Final tip - when in Florence go to the Square of the Republic (Sorry - not sure of its exact name in Italian) between the Duomo and The Uffizi and look for a department store called La Rinascente - opposite the Grand Arche. The entrance is in a side street about 5 metres off the square. No need to buy anything from the shop - just go up to the fifth floor on the escalator and ask for the rooftop restaurant/coffee bar. Go up, order a coffee or a glass of wine and just look across the rooftops to The Duomo. This is open until about 7 or 8 in the evening. This will be the best cup of coffee and view you experience in Florence. Take your time and enjoy the experience.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mattysimm
<Content>Beautiful little hotel in the heart of Firenze I had stayed at the Monna Lisa prior to this trip and liked it so much I decided to come back with my wife during our honeymoon. Despite the fact that both of us had been to Florence before, staying at the Hotel Monna Lisa allowed us to experience the city in a whole new way. An absolutely superb location and tremendously helpful staff create a great stay for any type of traveler. I highly recommend this hotel and know my wife and I will be back if and when we return to Firenze!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Stephanielowe
<Content>Quaint hotel in heart of Florence The Monna Lisa was a wonderful hotel with a great location. The rooms were large for Europe and the courtyard was very quaint and a peaceful haven after a long day of sightseeing. The breakfast was very good and the staff was very accomodating.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catperson53
<Content>Lisa isn't the only one "moaning".... Lisa isn't the only one moaning after a stay at this place. Shabby chic hotel in old part of Florence. Relatively clean, slightly rundown. Staff must have done guest services training at local prison. It was all about following THE RULES from the moment we got there until the moment we left...rules that only the staff was privy to. I.e. no one in their right mind would guess some of the requirements they had for their guests. These people are clueless. Avoid this place if you would like to have a happy memory of your stay in Florence.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>essie846
<Content>Horrendous - A jail would have nicer staff Having grown up with a father in the hotel business, I have come to learn the standards by which all hotels should operate. The first standard being that the guest comes first and no matter what, the guest is always right. This motto is ignored at the Mona Lisa. Instead, guests are blatantly insulted, publicly chastised, and treated as more of a nuisance. The grounds were pretty and the hotel was once nice (although now it is more faded glory). The breakfast was basic but nice, however, good luck getting the attention of the waiter to ask for tea or coffee. The most disappointing aspect of the hotel was the staff. Upon arrival, my friend and I were attempting to shut the old wooden door to our room. It was stuck and would not close, so we used some force and eventually it came. We went down stairs and were greeted by the woman at the front desk who informed us that if we were having trouble with our door we should come to her (ok that was the nice part) BECAUSE it was rude and obnoxious to slam the door and she added some nice BOOM BOOM BOOM sound effects to the end of her statement. She then proceeded to tell the bellman in Italian (little did she know I understood what she was saying) that we had slammed the door and were rude. It was all downhill from there. We walked up the stairs too loudly, were told that we were not allowed to have a picnic in the garden when we were just drinking bottled water, and our requests to have our drain in the shower fixed went unanswered. The hotel is located in a pretty grungy part of Florence...Beware unless you want to be treated like a child who did something wrong your entire stay!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Misst1984
<Content>Not a pleasant stay My Family and I recently traveled to Italy, and stayed at The Monna Lisa Hotel while in Florence. Having traveled to many European countries, and having family in the hotel Business, we have come to expect certain standards from hotels. Our stay at the Monna Lisa did not meet even minimally our standards. The buildings are beautiful, nicely decorated, and rich with history. The courtyard, and gardens were nicely maintains with flowering roses and lemons. However, thats where the nicety's end. Our rooms were cramped with faded fabrics, and water stains everywhere. Light bulbs were burnt out in the ceiling fixtures, and the bathrooms so small a standard height individual could not be uncomfortable. The next day we were given rooms that were considerably nicer. The problem at the Monna Lisa seems to be certain members of the staff. They were rude and obviously not service oriented to the guests staying at their hotel. On more than one occasion they chastised the younger members of our family, for making to much noise on the stairs, and for slamming the door in their opinion too loudly. After a long day of sight seeing we wanted to sit in the court yard with a bottle of water and a cookie, and were told that no picnics were allowed, and that we needed to leave.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>beejoyce
<Content>Nice hotel if you can get past the personnel We spent three nights at the Monna Lisa. When we arrived, the room was not ready (this seemed to be common for everyone when they arrived) so we asked directions to a restaurante close by. After lunch we returned to find a room ready. The porter did help with the bags but he walked so quickly that we lost him! ( another common situation with the other guests) By the time we caught up with him at the room, he had left the door open and he was gone. The room was stifling HOT. Could not get the AC to work, so called the front desk. I was told to be patient and that it would come on. We went and sat in the beautiful inner courtyard of the hotel. After 20 minutes, went back to the room and still no AC! Went to the front desk and was told they would send someone to look at the system. After another 20 min wait in the inner courtyard, someone came and could not get the AC to work. Went back to the front desk and was told I would have to wait until the manager returned to the hotel. After, again, another 20 min wait, the manager came to the room and said the AC was broken. There was nothing they could do and could not move us to another room since they were booked. He told us we could borrow a fan. I told him this was not acceptable since my husband has medical problems, he shrugged his shoulders and asked me what I was going to do! I advised him I would call my travel agent contact in Florence,He then stomped out of the room. I called the Florence contact to help me find another hotel. While on the phone, Lo and Behold, a knock on the door. Someone from the front desk found an empty room in the older section of the hotel. We went and looked at it and it was wonderful. Larger and more spacious than the first room - and the AC worked! The ceilings were 20 feet high. It turned out to be a lovely stay. The hotel is lovely and it is worth staying there. The continental breakfast is very basic and the selections are not replenished, so get there early. The hotel is located on a small street - not in the center of things, but close enough to walk wherever you want.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>tango2
<Content>Great Hotel We loved the Monna Lisa. The rooms were a nice size, very clean and had a nice atmosphere. They serve an excellent complimentary breakfast and you can eat in their dining room or in the garden. Just a 10 to 15 min. walk to the Duomo. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fisheggs
<Content>Elegant Hotel This is an elegant hotel right in the heart of Florence and close to all of the major attractions. The hotel has a lot of history that's worth learning about. The rooms were spacious and very well stocked. The breakfast was good and the staff very efficient, friendly and a good source for dining suggestions. They recommended the Ristorante Natalino, which was close by and had wonderful food.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Persephone79
<Content>Charming Hotel- Great Location We stayed at the Monna Lisa for 3 nights in May and had a wonderful time. The hotel is charmingly situated and a convenient short walk from all the major attractions in Florence. The hotel staff was incredibly helpful with dinner recommendations and reservations. Our room was small, but nothing out of the ordinary for European standards. My only complaint was the mosquitoes which were at most an annoyance. The breakfast was very good with a large selection of fresh fruits, breads, cheeses, and cereals. I would definitely recommend the Monna Lisa as a great stay in Florence.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mushis
<Content>A Great Hotel Tucked Away in an Historic City This hotel provides everything one wants from a hotel. The rooms are smartly furnished, the breakfast provides a huge variety of choice, the staff are kind, I could go on. The hotel itself is hidden amongst a maze of narrow streets and acts as an oasis from the busy city. Its location is also great, situated extremely close to the duomo. Overall a charming a hotel, tucked away in an historic city.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DaTravelerGuy
<Content>Charming retreat in great location with lovely staff          hallway to breakfast area  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Kathi75
<Content>Noisy We stayed at the Monna Lisa for three nights. It was the least restful hotel I've stayed at in Europe. Our room faced the courtyard so even when we'd try to take a nap, the sounds from clusters of noisy Americans would disturb our peace (yes, we're American too).It seems a tour group arrived and stayed the same three days we did.One particular obnoxious American had the room next to ours. We got to hear him call his mother back in the U.S. every night about 11:30. Yes the walls are thin but he was talking at top volume, too. Seems she's taking care of his dog while he's away. I could go on and on in detail because I heard everything. Then I got to hear him go down to the courtyard and repeat the story to his friends. Even worse, there was a bright florescent light mounted outside our window (to illuminate the courtyard). Even closing the shutters didn't block it out, so we didn't have darkness until that thing shut off at midnight each night.And the mosquitos buzzing in my ears woke me up 2-3 times a night.On night two, we also got to hear some woman moaning (you know) from the room on the other side of us. The hotel has some charm - cute rooms and good location but I'd stay somewhere else next time I go to Florence.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Wanderlust79
<Content>Loved the Monna Lisa! My husband and I (along with another couple) spent Easter weekend at the Monna Lisa Hotel. We were thoroughly impressed with the hotel's unique charm and beautiful antiques! Our rooms were good size and the bathrooms were excellent (though we did make a point to get a room with the jacuzzi bath, as we had read somewhere that it was worthwhile)! Each morning we woke up to a wonderful breakfast buffet before we ventured out to the many close Florence attractions. We also very much appreciated the hospitality of the reception staff; they were very kind in helping reserve our museum visits (before we even arrived in Italy) and they also made recommendations and reservations for a fantastic restaurant!We would definitely stay at the Monna Lisa hotel again!A couple of thoughts about Easter weekend in Florence: 1. The Scoppio del Carro (by the Duomo) is such a fun Easter event! We received mixed responses when we asked locals when to arrive so we arrived at 9:00 am and it was already pretty packed! We were able to see, but would like to have arrived maybe 30 minutes earlier. The fesitivities began around 10:00am.2. Florence is crazy packed for this weekend! If you want to experience more of Florence without the chaos, make sure you arrive before the weekend or extend your trip into the next week!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelbs
<Content>Not worth it Pros:- gorgeous gardens with beautiful flowers and shrubs.- beautiful building.- convenient location, really close to Duomo and on a quiet street.Cons:- Mosquitos (woke up 3 times from the mosquitos buzzing in my ears).- Bathtub did not drain.- Unfriendly staff, didn't feel welcome.- Need to hand them the keys everytime you go out.Overall, I would not return to this hotel. I believe you can find a better hotel with this price range. I didn't have a choice because our vacation was booked with a package.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>3	1	3	4	3	2	1	1	

<Author>ejfArizona
<Content>Loved the Monna Lisa This was the best place we stayed in Italy. THe rooms were wonderful and quiet. The breakfast was excellent. THe location was central to everything. It was a hidden treasure. The staff were extremely professional and helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are staying in Florence.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brtoy
<Content>Loved the Monna Lisa This was our second time staying at the Monna Lisa. We booked through AAA using the Travel Bound Agency. Great rates, we paid 159. US per night. We booked 3 rooms for a party of 6. Rooms were in the same location. Nice rooms, spacious and nicely furnished. Great location near main tourist attractions and on a quiet street. It's about a 15 minute walk from the train station. Lovely garden area. The hotel made reservations for us to visit the Accademia and a winery tour in Tuscany. Breakfast was a cold buffet of pastries, cheese, meat, cereal, fruit, coffee, and juice each morning. Only problem was with the internet. Accessed it once and had technical problems the rest of the time. Wouldn't recommend using it because it was frustrating.Would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>Elisha40
<Content>Hated the Monna Lisa My sister and I traveled to Paris and Florence to celebrate her 50th birthday. This was her 1st trip to the continent of Europe and so I wanted it to be a trip to remember. I contacted both hotels for our trip to let them know this was a special celebration. The hotel in Paris was fantastic. Which was good because the Monna Lisa was a huge disappointment. Except for the gentleman at the front desk, the staff was borderline rude. One woman at the front desk rolled her eyes and said mamma mia to me when I asked a question about a legal form they made you sign to release your information. The tub would not drain when we took a shower and the curtain did little to contain the water the bathroom was flooded every day. The room smelled terrible when we arrived which we finally discovered came from the mosquito tablets they used. The only other place where I have encountered these tablets was in the jungles of northern Thailand. Not sure what the mosquito problem was all about. I was in Florence (and several other cities in Italy) and never encountered this before. I asked about mailing postcards and they took my money but it has been almost a month and none of the postcards they mailed for me have arrived. (the postcards from Paris arrived in 4 days) The morning we were leaving we had a limited amount of time at breakfast., so when we had been there a while and they hadn't brought our coffee I asked if we could please have some. She ignored us and served everyone who arrived after us first, only serving us as we were ready to leave. We called the night before our departure to ask about a taxi and how long to allow to get to the airport. They told me I had to call back in the morning and ask for a taxi and that it would only take 15 minutes. In the morning we waited for the taxi more than 20 minutes and it took double the time they said to get to the airport. So if we had not allowed extra time we would have missed our flight. Also, while we were waiting for the taxi the man who carried our bags told us we had to go ask the front desk about the taxi, even though he had just gone inside and looked at the newspapers. Unfortunately, I could go on and on. I have had the good fortune to travel extensively and have never before felt compelled to write a hotel review. But if you're looking to make your trip memorable in a good way I would steer clear of this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>sailorFaith
<Content>A Quiet Retreat in a Busy City Being country folk ourselves we were pretty overwhelmed by the busy-ness of Florence. God forbid you step off the narrow sidewalk. You'll get hit by a bus/car/Vespa. But the Monna Lisa is set off on a very quiet street and, although our room had windows right over the street itself, we slept perfectly. The help was helpful, the breakfasts wonderful and the location perfect - just steps away from fabulous restaurants and all the sites you'd want to see. Don't miss taking Bus. No. 7 to Fiesole. And top notch restaurants are: Cibreo (sp?,) Italiano and the one right across the street that was voted, Top Ten in Tuscany. The name escapes me but the concierge will know - it means place where they store the carousel in winter? Great side trip - Sienna and SanGerminano (sp?). We did all the usual sights but wish we had time for the Bargello Museum - the old town hall and the archaeology museum  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>FrequentDeltaFlyer
<Content>Hated the Monna Lisa I recently spent three very unhappy nights at this hotel. I travel to Europe, and in particular to Italy, frequently, and am accustomed to single rooms being small, but this was the worst room I have ever stayed in. To get there, you had to climb a flight of stairs and walk down a corridor so narrow, I practically had to walk sideways. I felt like I was banished to the servants quarters.The room was about the size of a closet; there was no natural light, no air. The window could not be opened because the headboard of the tiny, narrow bed was in the way. There was no real shower, just a shower curtain separating the shower area from the rest of the bathroom, so water went all over the floor.As others have mentioned, the walls are paper thin. I could hear every single word said in the room next to me; in fact, I was woken up when my neighbors came home late at night.And when I finally laid down, I heard buzzing in my ear. Apparently this hotel has a problem with mosquitos. I still cannot believe that I visited Florence in November and came home with mosquito bites. There was literature in the room that indicated Florence had a mosquito problem, but I've stayed in about 8 or 9 different Florence hotels and only one had mosquitos: the Monna Lisa.On the positive side, the staff were very nice and the breakfast was good. But with so many nice hotels in Florence at this price range, I would highly recommend avoiding the Monna Lisa.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ElvisinLA
<Content>Great hotel, depending on your room Spent three nights here in early Oct. I agree with other positive reviews. Great location, beautiful grounds and sitting rooms, helpful staff, nice breakfast, etc. Cab ride from the train station was less that 10 Euro. We enjoyed a glass of wine or two with some snacks upstairs in the Solarium. Also plenty of great, reasonable restaurants just down the street. For some of the best gelato around try il gelato vivoli @ 7, via isole delle stinche. Awesome. Other things within very short walking distance include a laundromat and several Internet cafes.Now for the only negative about this place. Earlier reviews mention the thin walls. Lots of times I take these comments with a grain of salt. Not here. If you are unfortunate enough to get one of these very small rooms, with very, very small showers (even by Italian standards) be prepared to feel as if there's nothing more than a sheet between the two rooms. No exaggeration: You can hear any and all noises in the next room. Once you and your neighbors figure this out, things quiet down, but it's still pretty disruptive. I guess the key is to request a room in a section of the hotel that doesn't have this issue. Looks like the ground floor is the place to be.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Pressgang
<Content>Excellent Hotel in Florence The Monna Lisa is a very comfortable hotel about 10 minutes walk from the Duomo in the heart of Florence. The maps tell you it is on a main street - it's more like an alley, but don't be disheartened as the hotel is an old palazzo with modern rooms surrounding a courtyard out the back. Our room was comfortable and recently refurbished. The shower was hot and powerful and the bed comfortable.Breakfasts were wide-ranging, from pastries and cakes to fruits, meat and a good selection of local cheese. Coffee was of course well up to the Italian standard.The desk staff were friendly and helpful. There was car parking on site, but Florence is not a place to drive in and cars are somewhat of a liability.We stayed here for 5 nights in September; we loved the city and would certainly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>blessedtravelers
<Content>Wonderful Gardens, wonderful rooms, great spot My husband and I spent three nights here in late September. The Monna Lisa was much more than we anticipated, with a wonderful room accessed through a secret door, a plentiful breakfast, helpful and discreet staff, friendly bar and perfect location. The concierge was very helpful with making dining reservations, helping travelers in distress, and welcoming in every way. Only 3 blocks from the Duomo and within walking distance of everything in Florence, the Monna Lisa is in a lovely neighborhood, away from the noise and bustle around the tourist spots, and it was wonderful to walk up to the corner store to pick up an extra pastry in the afternoon. We would always chose this hotel for location, service, and beautiful surroundings.LK from Ct., USA  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CH4455
<Content>Great Hotel, Lots of Charm       Mona Lisa Breakfast Room  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>K_The_Tourist
<Content>A little oasis This is a lovely, little hotel within easy walking distance of all the main attractions. Our room was beautifully decorated, and the general ambiance of the hotel is discreet and tasteful. The litte courtyard was very pretty. Could not fault the breakfast (typical continental with plenty of things to choose from). Some of the pictures of the Mona Lisa hanging in the public areas were quite amusing!! A beautiful, little hotel which we'd thoroughly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nightfalls
<Content>Beautiful Hotel My family of 5 stayed here for 3 nights in June. The hotel is in a great location on a quieter side street, which is much appreciated in busy Florence. It is fun exploring all the different areas of the hotel and the gardens are beautiful. The breakfast buffet is served in a very pretty dining room, or can be had on a patio overlooking the gardens - really nice! The staff was helpful and although they did not seem very friendly, once you engaged them in conversation - maybe about the hotel's history - the smiles would come out. I would certainly stay here again, but - and this is important - I would request the newer section. The rooms in the older section were roomy and nice enough, but the bathrooms were so tiny that we would knock the hairdryer off the wall behind us while washing at the sink. Plus the poor bell hop that had to get our bags up the steep steps to our rooms! We also waited to use the free internet computer. The bonus is that the computer is in a charming room off the garden.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jddh
<Content>Gorgeous hotel - you won't be disappointed! GORGEOUS! The building and garden are BEYOND picturesque. It's a lot of fun to explore the hotel with something new to discover around every corner. The staff was very helpful, and the updated bathrooms were a big plus (lots of room to unpack and nest!).Upon arrival, Florence can seem a bit crazy (what traffic rules?), so this stepping into the hotel's gardens is like stepping inside a little retreat. It's within walking distance to EVERYTHING - Duomo, Uffizi, Ponte Vecchio, shopping, food, etc. If you don't have a tour scheduled, buy tickets to Galleria dell'Accademia and Uffizi in advance, so you don't waste time in long lines.You MUST visit Piazza Michelangelo while in Florence - just make sure you've got plenty of memory cards for your camera. The view will blow you away!Also, make sure you take a day trip to Tuscany. Even if you're not a wine drinker, it's such a worthwhile trip. We visited Catello Del Trebbio in Santa Brigida and had the best time. The story of the castle's history is very sweet and the wine and olive oil are wonderful.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! If you are looking for an Under the Tuscan Sun experience, this is the place for you. With Florence being a little more urban that I had expected, this hotel was a beautiful little oasis. Once we were inside the hotel doors we felt like we were in the Tuscan countryside. I loved everything about the hotel, especially the outdoor courtyard wear you could eat breakfast. The staff, while not the tripping over themselves to be friendly, were quite efficient. They took care of all of our needs. We thought the hotel was going to be out of the way from the main attractions, but it is just a short walk from the Campanile, Il Duomo, and the Baptistry. We would definetely stay here again, and we thought it was very romantic!! Not to mention that it is only one block away from the #1 recommended restaurant in all of Tuscany!!  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We recently returned from a trip to Italy which included a 2 night stay at the Monna Lisa. The hotel is beautiful. Our room was great except for no view - the window was too high despite the fact that it looked on to a very beautiful courtyard. The food was good. The staff is my only complaint. They were nice. They were not very friendly or overly helpful. They answered our questions adequately, but did not offer anything above or beyond what we asked. Despite that, I will definately like to stay here aquin. The location was great - vey central and in walking distance to everything.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Simmrouter
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My son and I stayed at the Hotel Monna Lisa for four (4) nights in March. We reserved a Superior Twin Room overlooking the courtyard behind the hotel. The room was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was excellent with cold cereals, fruit and pastries. The hotel itself is beautiful with numerous sitting areas, a bar/lounge, and the breakfast room. The staff is extremely helpful with dinner reservations, directions, and sightseeing tips. The location is one of the best in Florence as the hotel is located on a small side street but close to many of the important tourist sites in Florence. There is also a limited amount on off-street parking available at the hotel. I would highly recommend the Hotel Monna Lisa for either individuals or familys.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hillock
<Content>Not great and a bit dirty We stayed at this hotel for three days in March. Firstly, it took us three hours to find the hotel because the hotel's website directions ARE WRONG!!!! If you are considering driving there, do what we eventually did and stop at the first hotel you see and ask them to show you on a hotel map! It is in the middle of a load of one way streets (at least one of which I eventually drove the wrong way down because I was so exhausted!)Also bear in mind that parking is twenty euros a day and if you are at all nervous about driving in busy cities, or parking in tiny space, then the train is an excellent option! Over the course of three days, it became apparent that this hotel had some issues. First of all, our room looked clean until we lay on the beds and looked at the floor. Enough dust bunnies to see you through Easter and beyond. But hey, we thought, maybe it's just the first day....they'll clean the next day right? The bathroom looked okay and the sheets clean, so we just guessed they hadn't quite finished the day before. So off we trotted to the bar (no minibar in the room!) The bar is in an alcove in a hallway on the way to the breakfast room. Two people were sitting there with drinks. So we sat down.....and waited....and waited....and after twenty minutes, we asked the people who had drinks how they got them and were told to ring the bell. We rang....and sat....and after ten minutes a chap turned up and got us drinks, and then disappeared. We were sort of hoping for a second one, but he didn't return, in fact he didn't even ask for our room number, so we went to reception to tell them and went out to dinner, thinking....it's maybe a bad day for them, we've had a bad journey, don't judge too quickly. Found a FANTASTIC restaurant just to the right of the hotel (with blue and silver fairy lights on the ceiling), and had an amazing dinner. Came back to the hotel and called in at the bar for a nightcap.....no-one there. Went to bed.Breakfast was pretty good the next morning, same barman organised breakfast for everyone (he must be the most hardworking man in Italy, he seemed to do everything), buffet style breakfast with pastries, toast, boiled eggs, cheese, ham, yoghurt, fruit, cereal, juices, everything you'd want. The hotel advertises free Internet access, which actually means there is one computer in a separate building (across the garden) but you have to go to reception each time to check it's available and also we discovered it was riddled with trojans so we couldn't risk checking our email just in case. That's not the hotel's fault obviously, public computers are a nightmare, but if you were expecting to be able to use it a lot, join the queue, the hotel was full of american visitors desperate to be able to contact home. The bar service didn't get any better and we found ourselves advising other customers to ring the bell and if that didn't work, try reception when on night two, we were the ones with the drinks, joined by thirsty looking would-be drinkers who were left on their own for ages. All this time waiting for drinks led us to see things we probably weren't meant to (like the mouse traps next to the end of the bar (no more bar pretzels for me thank you!) and the dirt growing in quiet corners. The bed was made every day, but shampoo bottles were not replaced when empty. The dust bunnies gathered (well you know what they say about rabbits). On the positive side the reception staff were really friendly and tried their best, even lending me an adaptor so I could charge my phone. I felt quite sorry for them at times because there clearly were very few staff for the size of hotel. The actual hotel is filled with artwork, proper italian style furniture and tiled floors. It's really beautiful. Although there is some questionable artwork in one room (the Mona Lisa smoking a variety of spliffs!) If you have mobility difficulties, this hotel may cause you problems because of the stairs, but then Florence generally is hard on the knees, legs and feet. All in all, we reckoned it was a bit expensive for the service and facilities, but was within walkable distance of most things. They give you a free bag with their logo on which was a nice touch.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bosman
<Content>Monna Lisa Very Comfortable The four of us (2 adults and 2 boys ages 14 and 11) stayed in a large room with loft on the first floor facing the courtyard. Very quiet and comfortable and very old-fashioned Italian, which seems appropriate for Firenze. Bathroom, on the other hand, was brand new, which is good for Americans. Never saw (or heard of) any Contessa mentioned by previous reviewer. The desk managers ranged from polite to quite friendly, especially when we told him we were going to the Fiorentina soccer game. The breakfast was simple: pastries, cereal, and salami and cheese for those who really wanted to go Italian. Easy walking distance to everything, even with children. Would recommend to anyone who wants to feel like they are staying in a Renaissance Italian city.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this wonderful hotel       courtyard in January 2006  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sultry Contessa We recently stayed at the Hotel Mona Lisa. Nice location and very quite. Our room, in the older villa, was small and nothing special as was the long narrow bathroom. The included breakfast was very good and the staff in the dinning room were excellent! The front staff, which must take their lead from the owner, 鈥渢he Contessa鈥?were sultry and not very friendly.The one event that caused me to grade down this hotel was our interaction with the 鈥淐ontessa.鈥?One evening my wife and I along with our travel companions were have an early evening snack of leftovers and a bottle of wine in one of the many common areas of the hotel. This happened to be just outside of the 鈥淐ontessa鈥檚鈥?residence. We were involved in normal conversation and not at all loud or boisterous. The 鈥淐ontessa鈥?emerged out of her apartment, stopped and reviewed the situation and left without saying a word. However, shortly thereafter the bartender arrived demanding to know why we were consuming a bottle of wine that had not been purchased at the hotel. He related that the 鈥淐ontessa鈥?had sent him up to query us and also had admonished him on why we had not purchased the wine from the hotel bar. Needless to say we were taken back but politely thanked him for his time. This is not a cheap hotel and the audacity of the owner to make such a demand is beyond comprehension. I will never recommend this hotel or stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nalaa
<Content>cute we stayed their on our honeymoon. frankly we expected more. we had a nice room, note very big, but ok. at leadt the largest we had during our trip in italy. bathroom was clean and rather big even with jacuzzi. hotel has very pretty inside garden and parking (though chargeable). also the hotel is well situated. what about disadvantages they are: awful breakfast - there were absolutly nothing to eat, and avarage service - we had certain problems with laundry services. as i understand there really is a great difference between the rooms. so i guess it's better to find ou t where you would stay beforehead.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>whystayhome
<Content>More than adequate for its class We stayed in the Monna Lisa for 4 nights in early December and had a positive experience. This is not a luxury hotel, but given the price we had no complaints. The street is a quiet one and the location, near the Duomo and on the same street as La Giostra Restaurant is very convenient. Hotel staff were very helpful and pleasant to deal with, graciously providing information and making reservations for us for dinners and tours. The breakfast was very good and the dining room cheerful.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chicago Flyer
<Content>Overpriced This is the third time I have stayed here over the years (the last time was in 2001). The common areas and the rooms are beautifully decorated. But, what I think that the rooms are overpriced and that other hotels in Firenze are just as nice and less expensive.On top of it, I found the staff this time to be uninterested in the guests. Not outright rude but clearly there to get a paycheck and nothing more. What a difference from my previous stays.The next time I am there, I will definitely be staying at a different hotel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TLynneP
<Content>Wonderful! Great location, lovely hotel. Staff is super nice and very helpful. I can not wait to return and we will stay at the Monna Lisa again. Large rooms clean good size bathrooms. Great breakfest too.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel We loved this hotel! Great location, really nice hotel staff. We got some great restaurant recommendations (go to Boccanegra) and they were more than willing to make reservations for us for whatever we wanted. Breakfast was wonderful. The hotel itself is amazing; it's ancient but well kept. I can't say enough good things about this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travel_girlPortland
<Content>Confirmed reservations not quaranteed Beware of booking here. We arrived with guaranteed confirmed reservations to find out no rooms were available! This has never happened to us before and my husband and I have travelled extensively and lived abroad in Europe and Asia. Curiously, as we refused to leave the hotel the staff came up with a room! During our stay we witnessed 2 other people given the same treatment. When asked if this happens often the sheepish desk clerk nodded yes. We will never recommend this hotel to anyone based on this very unprofessional experience. Don't take your chances!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Love2travel18
<Content>Monna Lisa like a dream Our family of 6 stayed at the Monna Lisa and loved it. We have four teens who enjoyed the breakfast and being able to walk to the attractions quickly. We had two rooms which were decorated so beautifully. The bathrooms were huge and my son learned not to pull the emergency cord.The breakfasts were fabulous. We ate dinner at the Trattoria just down the street and had wonderful Italian fare. Our evenings included walking to the river and watching the street vendors, the human statues, eating delicious gellato and taking in the beautiful ambience of this city. We took a day trip to Sienna  San Giamagno in the chianti region. Another day we went to the beach then to Pisa for a fantastic lunch. This was my favorite place in Italy. PS. If you are map challenged find someone in your family with a sense of direction to get you around. I was happy to find my way out of the hotel let alone find my way on the streets. The hotel also had a complimentary computer for me to catchup on my emails.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>advgal
<Content>Nice hotel, w/ some problems though We stayed in the Hotel Monna Lisa for 2 nights in July of 2005. I booked the rooms through Orbitz and paid $105 US. I made a mistake and stated that only one person would be staying in the room instead of two. There was no price difference on Orbitz for 1 or 2 guests. The hotel had a big problem with this though. We had to pay $30 euros more per night for my other guest. We were given room 49B and it was an average small European room. The bathroom was the smallest ever. My knees touched the sink while using the restroom. We were awaken by a person with a chainsaw who continued on for hours. We slept in and missed breakfast because we were not given our wake up call. We were given a roll because of this error. After requesting a new room, we were given #52. It was considered a superior room and it was very nice and spacious. I did get to see a very nice suite (#1) and it was great-very roomy. The breakfast was very good-American style. There is a gym, solarium, nice garden, and internet connection located at the hotel. It would of been nice to be informed of this upon arrival. My main complaint was the service that we received from the male manager. When we voiced concerns to him, he spoke rudely to us and then ignored us completely. It was unacceptable. If you do stay at the hotel, don't miss talking to Nicola (bell boy). He is very kind and helpful in Florence.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tqj
<Content>Pricy, but very convenient and a very good staff! This hotel is located minutes from the main tourist attractions. The Duomo, Bargello and Uffizi are located out the front door and to the right about a 10 minute walk. The Accademia is to the left, next corner, then to the left about 10 minutes. The rooms are comfortable, the staff is very service oriented and the breakfast was excellent. If you go in the middle of summer, ask ahead for a first floor room due to the heat. Our first room was on the second floor, and our air conditioner wasn't enough. However, we ask politely to move, and it was done immediately to a first floor room where it was much more comfortable. There is a very good restaurant, Accademi, out the front door and left about 50 yards. Very good value, very good food. Since we were celebrating our 25th anniversary, we wanted a nice hotel, so we got what we wanted-just had to pay more for it!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dandb
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We spent two nights at this hotel. We received a very warm welcome from the reception staff on duty. We were given a fantastic room, which was at the rear of the hotel and overlooked the courtyard which was delightful. Our room was spacious enough, very tasefully decorated with a really comfortable bed and beautiful linen, a jacuzzi bath and a balcony. We couldn't have asked for better.The public areas of the hotel were lovely - the breakfast room, quite the grandest we've ever eaten in. Breakfast choice was excellent. We loved this hotel and if we're ever in Florence again we would definitely return to the Monna Lisa.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet retreat in Florence My wife and I stayed at the Monna Lisa for three nights at the end of June 2005. The Monna Lisa is a very charming hotel, a short walk from the Duomo and other major attractions in Florence. Our room, in the older part of the hotel (No. 10) was quite small, but the air conditioning did work and was very quiet. Other rooms in the older part are more deluxe -- some have fireplaces and beamed ceilings. The breakfast was great and served in a lovely dining room that opened onto a garden. We would stay here again, but for $320 per night we would do some comparison shopping as well.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iluvtwins
<Content>Charming...but We stayed at the Monna Lisa last week and booked the room through a tour company. I have to admit, that my husband and I were disappointed when the bell boy brought us to the room. It was literally the size of my closet at home. The bathroom was so small we couldn't both be in there at the same time. The bedspread was stained and the air conditioning did not work. This made me very clostrophobic. If we were staying more than 2 nights I would have demanded another room, but we were up early to go on a tour and did not get back to our room until late. I told the front desk the air was not working and they said they would fix it. When we returned to our room in the early evening, there was a stationary fan plugged in. I guess that is how they fix things. The front desk people were ok, giving us good recommendations for dinner. The breakfast was nice and the hotel itself was charming. I would probably not stay there again. If you are planning to stay there, I would recommend staying in the new wing. I am sure the rooms are a little bigger and have working air.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RATSOMATIC
<Content>Very atmospheric Stayed here with friends for a shopping w/end and had a great time. The hotel was housed in a very old building and had lots of nooks and crannys (although our rooms were in the annex - not so much atmosphere). There was a lovely courtyard garden and you could eat breakfast indoors or out. The location is good - about 6 mins walk to the Duomo and the main shops. One downside was that it was rather noisy in our room when the dustmen came in the early hours. Overall, a lovely hotel in a good location.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, Quiet, Charming! Made a reservation based on the reviews here and found the Monna Lisa lived up to its descriptions. I was travelling with 4 other co-workers who all had the same experience. It was a charming, quiet hotel, with large rooms, extremely clean, beautiful garden and great breakfast. The check-in staff was a little abrupt, though we attributed this to 5 tired people showing up at one time as they later turned out to be very helpful and friendly. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TXTravelgirl
<Content>Nice, but staff could be friendlier We stayed here for five nights at the end of April and beginning of May. I corresponded with the staff via e-mail and fax prior to our arrival and they were very helpful in setting up museum reservations and recommending a romantic restaurant for our anniversary dinner.However, when we arrived, they were not very warm. In fact, sometimes they seemed put off if we asked for directions, etc. The room was nice, larger and with a larger bathroom than the other hotels we stayed at in Italy, but it was twice the price of any other place we stayed.The breakfast room was very nice and the courtyard was lovely. The location was also great and the hotel was very quiet, except for 1 night when a group of French people sat in the courtyard until late at night drinking, laughing and talking very loudly.The internet access in a common area was very nice and convenient.I did find the sitting area with all of the strange paintings of Mona Lisa kind of odd (smoking a joint, baring her breasts, etc.). Maybe they are just trying not to take themselves seriously?I would stay here again, but I would definitely ask for a room in the older building to have a bit more character.  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best buy in the trip to Italy 锛┿€€锝擄綌锝侊綑锝咃絼銆€锛綇锝旓絽锝屻€€锛綇锝庯綆锝併€€锛綁锝擄絹銆€锝旓綀锝掞絽锝呫€€锝庯綁锝囷綀锝旓綋銆€锝嗭綊锝忥綅銆€锝旓綀锝呫€€锝咃綆锝勩€€锝忥絾銆€锛絹锝掞絻锝堛€€锝旓綇銆€锛★綈锝掞綁锝岋紝锝楋綁锝旓綀銆€锝嶏綑銆€锝楋綁锝嗭絽銆€锝侊綆锝勩€€锝旓綏锝忋€€锝勶絹锝曪絿锝堬綌锝咃綊锝擄紟锛╋綌銆€锝楋絹锝撱€€锝夛綆锝勶絽锝咃絼銆€鈥滐綌锝堬絽銆€锝傦絽锝擄綌銆€锝傦綍锝欌€濓綁锝庛€€锝忥綍锝掋€€锝旓綊锝夛綈銆€锝旓綇銆€锛╋綌锝侊綄锝欙紟锛达綀锝呫€€锝掞綇锝忥綅銆€锝楋絽銆€锝擄綌锝侊綑锝咃絼銆€锝楋絹锝撱€€锝戯綍锝侊絼锝掞綍锝愶綄锝咃紙锝侊絼锝婏綇锝夛綆锝咃絼銆€锝勶綇锝曪絺锝岋絽銆€锝掞綇锝忥綅锝擄級锛?br/>锛╋綌銆€锝堬絹锝撱€€锝旓綏锝忋€€锝傦絹锝旓綀锝掞綇锝忥綅锝擄紙锝忥綆锝呫€€锝楋綁锝旓綀銆€锝傦絹锝旓綀锝旓綍锝傦紝锝忥綆锝呫€€锝擄綀锝忥綏锝咃綊銆€锝忥綆锝岋綑锛?锝侊綆锝勩€€锝擄綈锝侊絻锝夛綇锝曪綋銆€锝咃綆锝忥綍锝囷綀銆€锝嗭綇锝掋€€锝嗭絹锝嶏綁锝岋綑銆€锝曪綋锝咃紟锛┿€€锝曪綋锝咃絼銆€鈥滐集锝冿綌锝忥綈锝曪綋鈥濓絾锝忥綊銆€锝掞絽锝擄絽锝掞綎锝侊綌锝夛綇锝庯紝锝侊綆锝勩€€锝旓綀锝呫€€锝冿綀锝侊綊锝囷絽銆€锝楋絹锝撱€€锟ワ紤锛戯紩锛岋紪锛愶紣锛堚墥锛勶紤锛岋紣锛橈紣锛侊級,锝嶏綍锝冿綀銆€锝岋綇锝楋絽锝掋€€锝旓綀锝侊綆銆€锝忥綍锝?锝傦綍锝勶絿锝咃綌锛?br/>锛綊锝咃絹锝嬶絾锝侊綋锝旓紝锝侊綅锝傦綁锝咃綆锝冿絽锛岋綀锝咃綄锝愶絾锝曪綄锝岋綆锝咃綋锝撱€€锝忥絾銆€锝旓綀锝呫€€锝堬綇锝旓絽锝屻€€staff锛岋絽锝栵絽锝掞綑锝旓綀锝夛綆锝囥€€锝楋絹锝撱€€锝楋綇锝庯絼锝咃綊锝嗭綍锝岋紟锛┿€€锝堬綁锝囷綀锝岋綑銆€锝掞絽锝冿綇锝嶏綅锝咃綆锝勩€€锝旓綀锝夛綋銆€锝堬綇锝旓絽锝岋紟锛达綀锝呫€€锛诧綁锝擄綌锝掞絹锝庯綌锝呫€€鈥滐籍锝侊綌锝侊綄锝夛綆锝忊€?锝併€€锝楋綇锝嶏絹锝庛€€锝侊綌銆€锝旓綀锝?锝嗭綊锝忥綆锝斻€€锝勶絽锝擄綃銆€锝掞絽锝冿綇锝嶏綅锝咃綆锝勶絽锝勩€€锝曪綋 锝楋絹锝撱€€锝侊綄锝擄綇銆€锝咃綆锝婏綇锝欙絹锝傦綄锝咃紟A銆€锝嗭絽锝椼€€锝嶏綁锝庯綍锝旓絽锝撱€€锝楋絹锝岋綃銆€锝嗭綊锝忥綅 锝旓綀锝?锝堬綇锝旓絽锝岋紟  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MoiAli
<Content>Highly recommended We spent two nights there in March 2005. It was expensive but worth it. we booked a quad room - for myself, husband and two children. We were given two rooms, interconnecting, which was better. Both rooms were lovely and one had a spa bath. unfortunately we were in the new block rather than the main old building, but it was tastefully done and we were very pleased with it. the buffet breakfast was nice too. location was good - just a few minutes from the historic centre. we would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DebbieAustin
<Content>Great ambiance!! The Hotel Monna Lisa is a great hotel in a great location. The staff is friendly and helpful. The breakfast had a wide variety of food with American coffee plus!! The bedroom that we stayed in was opulent, although the beds were firm. Excellent place to stay, and we would definately come back, as everything is in walking distance.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jolz
<Content>Charming Based on the reviews on tripadvisor, booked a room in the old section of the hotel. Loved the room, it was full of character. The plumbing was not so fantastic, but to be expected in a building of that age. It was within 15 minute walk to all the major tourist sites in Florence. The hotel is a bit hard to find if you are arriving by car. Breakfast was lovely and served by a lady who always greeted us with a smile in the morning. The front desk staff could have been a bit friendlier though.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beverlina
<Content>Living is Easy at the Monna Lisa We spent four blissful days at this former grand villa, nestled in a residential section of Florence just minutes away from all the excitement, but within easy walking distance of some of the best sights and restaurants. The staff were helpful and informative without being intrusive. They even secured reservations at an already booked restaurant on the same day! The rooms and common areas are decorated with fine art and antiques, and the gardens are perfect for a leisurely cup of coffee and a stroll. Lovely breakfast buffet. This is how I imagined Florence would be and I was not disappointed. Recommended!   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bella Firenze Italy! Our May visit was a second honeymoon! Did not plan it to be, but the hotel, the staff, the Carolina Jasmine blooming outside our window, the delightful appointments (ironed sheets, lush towels, comfortable bed, open window sleeping with NO noise and in the middle of town!, great breakfast, late afternoon cocktails in the garden), accomodating staff(especially at the desk), and my loving wife, made it so.We are returning next May 18 and I hope many May's after.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bargain Florence hotel My partner and I stayed for three nights in chilly rainy November. The room was adequate, the grounds very nice, the location ideal. Very much enjoyed the art work on every wall. Also began each day with excellent breakfast buffet. We chose this hotel as part of an internet package deal with four nights in Rome and three in Florence. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Rooms, Perfect Location,   showReview(2769458, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAAngel
<Content>Delightful surprise   showReview(2691277, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mstravel
<Content>wonderful hotel   showReview(2510889, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Avcdo
<Content>Terrific, American Friendly Hotel   showReview(2496482, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Great Hotel!   showReview(2319255, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hidden gem   showReview(2289622, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very special indeed   showReview(1761021, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet Charm   showReview(1726636, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Monna Lisa on our honeymoon   showReview(1707856, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Monna Lisa Hotel   showReview(1501941, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>insomeBCN
<Content>Atencion decepcionante   showReview(22875776, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel id茅alement situ茅 au coeur...   showReview(22306027, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo ideale per un breve...   showReview(20744043, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo raccomandiamo. Davvero...   showReview(20435848, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Offre la possibilit脿 di...   showReview(20107721, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>comfortable et bien situ茅   showReview(20551696, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇ㄣ倐銇勩亼
<Content>銉夈偉銈儮杩戙亸銇ч潤銇嬨仾銉椼儊銉涖儐銉?#x201d;       銉涖儐銉儹銉撱兗銇偗銉偣銉炪偣銉勩儶銉?/a>  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎰熴仒銇倛銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19915250, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jardi91
<Content>A recommander !   showReview(19281448, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉堛偆銉伄渚垮骇銇岀瑧銇ｃ仭銈冦亞銇忋倝銇勯珮銇?#x201d;   showReview(19914650, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Annie94
<Content>Un vrai h么tel de charme !   showReview(18489971, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇倛銈婂樊銇屻亗銈婏紒   showReview(19172925, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super czdre   showReview(18531351, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastic hotel in Florence, near center, very calm!   showReview(18531350, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇熴倞銇ㄣ仐銇熴亸銇ゃ倣銇庛伄椁?#x201d;   showReview(19172679, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'accueil fut cahotique car...   showReview(17300649, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅, jardin magnifique   showReview(16590091, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr茅s agr茅able   showReview(16590090, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Der perfekte Ort f眉r eine Florenzreise   showReview(15571154, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissima vacanza   showReview(15571155, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Merveilleux hotel 脿 Florence   showReview(15571153, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon plan pour un hotel en pleine centre de la ville   showReview(15571152, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s satisfait!   showReview(15571145, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo hotel. Ottima...   showReview(16727966, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo Hotel   showReview(14729570, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel est superbe,le quartier...   showReview(16728150, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Semplicemente spettacolare!!   showReview(14729569, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent accueil   showReview(14729568, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo Hotel, comodo ai...   showReview(16725202, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait, vraiment parfait   showReview(14729567, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儐銈仾銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧锛侊紒   showReview(19169128, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>23 febbraio 2008   showReview(13984677, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement plac茅 !   showReview(13984676, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un moment de bonheur dans un d茅cor exceptionnel   showReview(13196278, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sylde
<Content>tres agreable sejour   showReview(8687925, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien situ茅 au calme...   showReview(11386797, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>florentiner Charme   showReview(11422863, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je m'attendais 脿 mieux   showReview(11397166, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel 脿 l'image de Florence, tr猫s agr茅able et chaleureux   showReview(11397165, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel es una delicia en...   showReview(11386796, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19158556, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

