<Author>Texas_n_Asia
<Content>Great Convenient Location in Heart of Beijing This hotel was recently renovated so the rooms are clean and well designed. Renovation still ongoing in some parts of hotel between 8:30AM and 6:30PM for those afternoon sleepers. Some comments indicate hard beds (and they are) we mentioned this to the front desk and 10minutes later a nice foam pad was put on our bed. The price was great for the standard of hotel (~65USD/nt). It was centrally located to all the tourist sites and subway was only 200m away and very convenient (line 5 exit D be prepared for a few steps). Staff was very helpful and efficient at checkin. We arrived at 7:30AM and room was ready, also they were accomodating to late checkout. Maybe the staff has changed since prior reviews mentioned slow checkin. Great foodcourt and supermarket in mall attached to hotel. There are also some great restaurants within a few minute walk. Breakfast plenty of options outside hotel (supermarket opens at 8:30AM). Beinfugie (famous peking duck in New World Mall 2 3rd floor), Asjean Noodles, Chinese Neighborhood restaurant out hotel turn right then quick left 100m down street on righthand side. Nice spa 50m from hotel out hotel to the left. Taxi ride to foodstreet, sunday market, and most other places all under 20Yuan (~3USD). Watchout for black taxi's parked in front of hotel they seem to be more pushy and seem to take the long way (we compared between green/yellow taxi to same place). Taxis are frequent in front of hotel or just around corner from hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>craigelderfield
<Content>well located, better than these reviews suggest having looked on here at what other people said, i was pleasantly surprised by what we found. the hotel is right in the centre (not that there really is one) of beijing, just a few minutes from chongwengmen station, which is perfect as it has two underground lines serving it, north and west bound. everyone was helpful and nice, english was mostly not an issue here, and the room was big and comfy. the bed especially. didnt try the restaurant and the bar is soulless, but there is a health centre and the shopping mall actually attached to the hotel which is perfect should you need them. there is free use of a swimming pool  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>rossHouston_Texas
<Content>no air I spend four nights here in mid-October 2008. It is a very nice hotel, but when I arrived the weather was muggy and warm. To my surprise the hotel was very hot. My room was extremely uncomfortable. When I talked to the desk they said that the air conditioning had been turned off for the season and could not be turned on again until late Spring 2009. My room has two windows, but only one opened a little at the bottom. I could not get any air circulation. I inquired about a fam and was told that none were available. My stay was very uncomfortable until it rained late on the third day of my stay. The rain cooled the city down and I was finally able to get some sleep. I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>kelpie99
<Content>Slowest Check In Ever Witnessed The location of this hotel really can not be beat for the money. It is a half block from the Chong Wen Men subway station, there is plenty of good shopping and restaurants nearby and although it would be a long walk, it is near the Temple of Heaven and the Forbidden City. The rooms are of decent size and the most of the rooms offer great views of the city. Make sure you get a higher floor because the streets are are very noisy and busy. The rooms are clean and come very well equipped, including toothbrushes and toothpaste. If there is one bad thing about the rooms is that the beds are very hard, but that seems typical for China. All this being said, you can experience this good hotel only once you have checked in, which could be a little trying on the patience. First they have to look something up on the computer, then several pieces of paper have to be written out, then back to the computer, more paper is filled out, another computer is logged onto, your passports are then examined, more paperwork, then finally the last computer seems to issue you room information. All of this efficiency is easily done with no less then 5 front desk clerks working on my one reservation. Luckily no one else was attempting to check in at the time, or else this may have overloaded the system. All-in-all this was a great hotel to stay at. The breakfast buffets were ok at $15, but lacked fresh fruit and oatmeal. Oh and one more thing, stay away from the doughnuts!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>davebevan
<Content>The Worst Hotel in China This is the worst hotel I have stayed in in China and in Asia.The checkin is terrible. Took 25 minutes. Staff has terrible attitude, never smile, do not like to assist and are generally abnoxious.This is more like a people factory than a hotel so do not expect any service.The breakfast is terrible with the lowest quality produce. The a la carte is equally horrible.Housekeeping does not refresh the amenities in the room and these are of the lowest quality like you would find in 1 star hotels.The hotel is 9 years old but the rooms (even executive level rooms) are worn and torn with bad odors. The general feeling in the room is that is is old and dirty.Concierge does not assist with local information.Almost no-one speaks english in this hotel although it belongs to an American Chain - Marriott.I would recommend staying in other hotels when coming to beijing and definitely NOT here.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>aligee26
<Content>Convenient location, nice rooms We stayed here for 4 nights and were pleased with our experience.Very convenient to the subway, which was fast and clean, and also next the New World shopping center which has a supermarket and food court level if you don't feel like going to a restaurant for dinner.We also dined at the peking duck restaurant across the street during our stay and it was delicious. The restaurants in Beijing have a report card style hygiene rating system, which should be prominently displayed at their entrance, so you can check out whether they're an A or a D before you make your dining decision.I like a firm mattress so I didn't find the bed too hard as mentioned by other posters. I enjoyed the buffet breakfast although skipped the cereal with milk given the recent melamine scandal.The concierge was helpful in translating addresses from our guide book and instructing the taxi drivers and they can give you a card with the hotel's address in Chinese.Overall I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>AndrewW2
<Content>Excellent stay - great last days in Beijing       room  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>REDWINE2212
<Content>Great Location, Disappointing Level of Service This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel, the first time was 2 years ago and we had no problems what so ever and enjoyed our stayGenerally the hotel, is of good standard, clean, average food but great central location for getting out and about around Beijing.The level of customer service however really lets this hotel down and unfortunately because of this I would probably not recommend this hotel to anyone and certainly would not stay there again myself.We checked in at 8.15pm, there were 4 of us and 2 rooms had been booked. First of all they said we had only got one room booked (our confirmation from their web page said 2 rooms) and they hadn't got a clean room available for us (check out time is 12 noon so more than 8 hours after check out rooms still weren'y ready). We asked to speak to the Manager who eventually found us 2 rooms, one with an upgrade, the upgrade however was on the executive floor but with no executive lounge access in fact it was exactly the same as the room we had originally booked but on a different floor. It took us over an hour to check in, once checked we proceeded to our room and got stuck in one lift and then the other lift wouldn't work.Breakfast was totally over priced at around 拢13.The attitude of reception staff, concierge etc was disgusting in fact they were quite rude. The reception staff also gave the impression that they were trainees as none of them seemed to know what they were doing or what was going on.So unfortunately due to this experience I would not give this hotel one more penny of my money, they don't deserve it which is a shame really because it used to be a really good alround hotel  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>yunicorner
<Content>Tips learned during my stay       Bed with the light controls on the right  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>SFOTraveler1113
<Content>Good price. Good location. Good price and good location. A short walk from the Metro station and one stop on the metro from the Wangfujing district. Located right next to the New World Department Store complex and a Starbucks, McDonalds and KFC. Also close to great chinese restaurants within walking distance.A half mile walk from the Beijing Underground City location (which is currently closed for rennovation).The hotel staff was very helpful and wrote down nearby locations for me in Chinese to provide to my taxi driver(s).I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bestestes
<Content>Water scalding to ice in 2.0 seconds flat Not the worst place we've stayed. Enough issues that we'd look elsewhere the next time we visit Beijing. The shower water was the most remarkable- from scalding hot to ice cold for the entire shower- and it stopped flowing not one, not two, but three times for my wife's shower- weird.The breakfast is fine, the security is good (key to operate elevator) and the staff seems fine. This is the only hotel in China I've stayed in that had service staff with a Western attitude (complaining to coworkers and frowning). Finally, we do not like the location, in the midst of the most expensive everything! We'll choose a place like the Bamboo Garden Hotel again if they have space.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Mobycrab
<Content>Great stay Stayed three niights on 12 th floor in excellent room. Staff was polite, helpful and fluent in English as needed  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ronald233
<Content>Is ok but dirty smelly rooms in the lower floors       10  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	2	3	1	

<Author>marsmadness
<Content>Great Hotel! Just got back from a stay at the Beijing Courtyard by Marriott for the Olympics. I was very concerned after reading other older reviews, but I was very pleasantly surprised after arriving. The staff was very cordial, knew enough English to make check-in easy.They must have just completed a renovation, as the rooms were very nice. Clean, new carpets, nice size rooms. Beds are a little firm, but didn't keep me from getting a good sleep. Nice quiet nights, no noise from the streets below.Excellent western style breakfast restaurant on second floor, made to order omelettes and eggs.The best thing is the location. Subway stop literally right in front of hotel. One stop from Tiananmen Square, two stops from Pearl Market.The bathroom has a power outlet that handles US style plugs, but you may want to purchase an adaptor if you need to be charging more than one thing at a time, as the plugs in the main room are chinese style three prong (triangle) plugs.I would highly recommend this hotel. Unless you are used to four star Ritz-type hotels, this should meet most travelers' needs.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>nvylocs
<Content>I like it here...       view from window  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>TrinidadHotfoot
<Content>i miss the Courtyard Marriott Originally booked thru Expedia at Fortuneland which was listed as a 3 1/2 star with Courtyard Marriott listed as 3 stars. Having travelled from the Caribbean (Trinidad) through London and Dubai and finally to Beijing - 48 hours, we were horrified at what was called a hotel at Fortuneland. It was more like a run-down brothel and beyond tacky - in fact it was filthy. We checked out immediately. As a matter of fact we never really checked in since we had a look at our rooms and decided to hunt for better accommodation. And that was the Marriott Courtyard. At first we had difficulty checking in and then caught on that we should choose upgraded rooms which we did - on the 14 and 15 th floors. Our two-week stay was without incident and quite comfortable.It is true that we were hardly ever there during the day as we were a camera crew shooting a pre-Olympic television series. But we still remember the wonderful breakfasts we had and the more pleasant members of staff.Stay at the Courtyard Marriott - you won't regret it.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WisconsinVagabond
<Content>OK Stay       View from Room 629  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	1	

<Author>bluedargon2008
<Content>Very Nice for a Great Price After reading the reviews on this site I was a bit skeptical but I decided to give it a shot. I was very glad I did. Yes the hotel is in need of some work but they are remodeling the whole hotel and it will be finished by June 2008.When we arrived they allowed us to check out the room. It was large and clean on an upper floor. The carpet looked worn but all the rooms are due to get new carpet in the renovations. I had been in e-mail contact with the hotel before my trip and had told them that my wife's birthday was soon. The hotel manager arranged for a wonderful cake to be in our room upon arrival AT NO CHARGE. The hotel is right next to a large mall that you can enter from the second floor of the hotel. WIthin 1 block of the hotel are many places to eat including McDonald, Pizza Hut, and Subways. Remember that ifyou want to try local food, most people do not speak english and the menus are in Chinese. The concierge arranged a driver and english speaking tour guide for us. The guide was named Mary and she was great. We hired the two people for 4 days at $140/day for both but this gave us exclusive use of both people and a private car.We did try the breakfast buffet once and it was unimpressive. Ths could have been because they were remodeling and had to use the main restaurant instead of the regular place.We arrived the last day of the Chinese New Year and our room had a great view of the fireworks, which lasted 5 hours.I would stay here again because of the service and location.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>FlyGirl25
<Content>Sketch  The hotel is in a good location - roughly 45 minutes from the old airport but very close to Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City (15 minute walk) and the Temple of Heaven.The Hadimen Hotel (just behind the hotel) is home to a great restaurant if you want peking duck.The hotel's concierge desk will help you arrange tours if you want to visit the Great Wall of China and the Ming Tombs.The onsite cafe has very poor service (slow and very unattentive). The rooms are sort of small and musty smelling. The blowdriers are hidden in the desk drawers and cannot be unplugged and moved to the bathroom or any other outlet which can be annoying since the lighting is very poor in the room.The executive lounge is very small and doesn't offer any type of nutritious items save some old fruit. The staff does not speak very good English which is quite disappointing considering that the 2008 summer Olympics will be held in this city. The front desk staff wasn't even aware that there were two airports operating in the city. There was only one helpful person who was able to provide us with fairly accurate help and directions in the entire hotel.The staff was quite snotty and slow and did not pay attention to details (I had to request the correct room key and type of room several times - even though I had an email confirmation regarding my selection).The room safe didn't work yet all the housekeeping staff appeared to have a dummy code to reset it - so be warned to have a backup plan for any valuables you may be carrying with you.Overall, the location made up for the poor customer service and lack of ambiance.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>TXfigment
<Content>Worst sleep on our trip. On a 2 week trip to china the Courtyard Marriott was the worst hotel that we stayed at for our entire trip....Actually, probably the worst hotel I have stayed in ever. We Chose this hotel after having read reviews and knowing the carpets were worn and the beds were 'firm,' but we used points and I thought it would be worth it for only a couple days.It was a very bad decision. There are far better hotels at a cheaper rate. the lost sleep was not worth the money saved.1. Many reviews have sad the beds were firm or hard. Ok, to translate, you would be just a good sleeping on the floor.2. you would never imagine sleeping on the floor because it is very Discusting. I would not even take off my shoes. 3. If you are using points, I would suggest going for the Renaissance.4. If you are using priceline to get a great deal, don't. not worth risking staying at. Instead, try a hotel like the highly ranked Bamboo garden which TA currently shows only about $42. ( I did not stay at bamboo, just looking in retrospect at what I wish I had done)I was fooled to think that because it was a Marriott/Courtyard that it would work just fine. If you are just staying for one night, stay at your own risk. If more than one night, please try somewhere else. This is truly one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in after over 500 nights in hotels in the past 3 years. My review may seem a little harsh, but I think many american travelers will go with the american brand/chain because it seems safe for it to be comfortable and up to americain standards. This hotel is not. better to go for another hotel!Please send me a PM if you have any questions.If the hotel has been renovated in the past year, I am not aware of this.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>adkmts46er
<Content>Pass on the Marriott Courtyard I am frequent business traveler and know hotel chains well. It was hard to believe this was a Marriott hotel because of the general low standards. The staff, because they were Chinese, were very courteous and responsive, but they were not well trained and all my dealings with hotel staff were disorganized. Check-in confusing at the 16th floor. I was told at the front desk I had upgrade, but it was not apparent as to what or how, and, though I can speak some Chinese, no one could explain in English. Confusion about breakfast. I rented two hotel rooms and they were just OK. One had a slow drain problem. Compared to other hotels in Beijing for the same money, this was not a good value. The lobby is not attractive and one of the computers in the business center did not have a working usb port; another did not have internet access. More confusion to find and use the gym and pool, which are located in the adjacent mall. Sign-in and the desk and find the lockers, then find you have to go back to the desk and ask for a towel. Then, back to the desk again to get a bathing cap which they charge for. I did not have money with me and gave up on swimming at that point. The Courtyard Cafe has snack bar quality food. Location is conveniently connected to the New World Shopping Center and major avenue.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Chi-Berg
<Content>Priceline Will Give You This As A 4 Star Beware! Priceline will cheat you!When you request a 4 star hotel on priceline they will give you this 3 star hotel instead. Then when you try to complain, they will not responsed.... since they have already charged your credit card, they will not work with you.Do not use priceline to book in Beijing!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Brentlin
<Content>No bad for the rate We stayed here for 6 nights and we were happy with the hotel. The rooms are worn down and the beds are hard ,but all beds in China are hard. The front desk staff were helpful as well as the bellman, but you need to know a little Mandarin to get the best use from them. Our room was a corner room with two double beds. There was a seating area and ample closet space. The rooms were adequately cleaned each day and the hotel supplies a kettle, which helps becuase you can boil your own water. They charged for the internet at the business center 30 RMB for half an hour- we opted for a much cheaper intnernet cafe in the neighouhood. Bring your passports.The hotel is conveniently located next to New World Centre and is within walking distance of the Subway. Across the street is an indoor market called Origus. We bought many of our meals here - cheap and good. Just point at what you want and hand them money. NOr more than 10 RMB for a good meal. The other markets for tourists we found were twice as much. Overall, the hotel is older and not so clean. Don't expect North American standards. Service was friendly and elevators are slow. The workout facility is very modern as it is owned by a private residence next door. We booked three to a room and expected to pay and extra $40 USD for the third person, but were never charged - bonus!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>debbie1759
<Content>Look elsewhere first My husband and I decided to make our reservations at this Courtyard Marriott based on what we thought they would live up to the Marriott standards. WRONG!!!  We had problems checking in as we went through 3 rooms before the day manager, Johnny gave us the upgrade to a junior suite. We had requested, non-smoking, queen bed and on the executive floor. All the rooms they put us in were smoking even the suite. But after spending about 3 hours to get the room we decided it wasn't worth moving again as we had traveled 13 hours to get there and we were tired. Again, Johnny did all he could to help us out and offered us the club level for breakfast/dinner.We not only had problems with the room but when we provided our credit card we were told it was declined and they wanted a cash deposit (even though the room was paid for in advance)We were told to come by later, which we did and it the credit card went through with no problems.Other than Johnny, the staff did not understand or speak english well. Very poor customer service. We even had a problem with housekeeping giving us stained towels to use.The club level was a joke. However, they did offer a good selection for breakfast. Dinner was a different story. They offered small square sandwich appetizers that were stale and the quantity that they put out was very limited (maybe 10 pieces) and the same applied to the (2) hot appetizers..very limited. It then took a long time for them to restock everything so it wasn't worth going their for a relaxing drink and appetizers.I would book this hotel as a last resort as there are other hotels in Beijing that are better however you may pay more but it should be worth it in the end.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>4down_3togo
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location, Great Amenities       The bathroom  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	4	4	5	

<Author>astro1
<Content>Not so great The location  staf were excellent. The room itself was not so great. The carpets and sofa were filthy and need replaceing. The bathroom needs upgrading and the tiles and grout had mold and mildew throughout. The beds are rock hard. Do yourself a favor and look for another hotel in the area until the management and owners address these issues.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	1	-1	4	2	

<Author>dnumgis02
<Content>Clean, Comfortable Rooms with Courteous Staff and great Executive Lounge Having read the TA reviews and being at my first Chinese hotel, I had reasonably low expectations for this hotel. Fortunately, these expectations were quickly dismissed. The executive level room I received for 860 RMB was clean and smelled fresh, the TV had CNN and HBO, the third bed I had requested was delivered promptly, and there was an in-room refridgerator and safe. The executive lounge provided adequate breakfast and evening hor dourves with bottled water juices, sodas, beer, and wine available. My only complaint about the lounge was that they kept the refreshments refridgerator locked so that you couldn't raid the bottled water for the day like you can in other executive lounges. The front desk staff was personable and extremely helpful in sending me to an amazingly friendly cell phone store to obtain a SIM card and in recommending a tasty restaurant where a 4 course meal, beer, and sodas costed 83 RMB (11 USD)! I generally find the front desk staff more useful than the concierge and in this case they were. Change can easily be given at the front desk though one time they ran out of 20 RMB notes and had to give me 5s and 10s instead. The hotel location is impeccable being inside the Chong Wen district within walking distance from Tiananmen Square. There are several American offerings within walking distance including McDonalds and Haagen Dazs. Unfortunately, you have to pay for internet at this Courtyard unlike the Courtyards in America.Several things to note about my experiences that may differ from others. I am a Marriott Platinum member and I'm conversational in Mandarin Chinese. I know about Chinese queuing or the lack thereof and will therefore be pretty aggressive demanding attention from the staff.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>IreneATL
<Content>budget hotel We chose to stay at this hotel because of its value, its location and it is with the Marriott chain (so there is no big surprises). We stayed for a week. Here are several points:1. Location: It has malls and a lot of restaurants downstairs. Then it is not far away from Tiananmen Square. It is also one block away from the subway station.2. Reception: The receptionists are polite and very professional. As you may, or will, experience, waiting in line is not something that can be taken for granted in Beijing. People tend to cut in line shamelessly whenever they can. Several Chinese tourists attempted to cut in front of us at the reception area when we were checking out of the hotel. I am glad that the receptionists refused to serve them unless they get back in line.3. Internet: They do not offer free internet usage. You can use the internet connection for 40RMB @ hour or 80RMB a day. However, they only have 1 cable in the room, and the system doesn't allow you to share the internet service with multiple computers. My husband and I have 2 laptops, and we have to purchase the service individually even though we were in the same room. However, if you talk to the receptionists, they can fix the problem, and reimburse you on the final bill.4. Guest rooms: The rooms are generally clean and adequately maintained (although I agree they could use some renovations and updates especially in the bathroom). There are no strange smell in the room. However, you can forget about requesting for a non-smoking room (I don't think you can get a non-smoking room anywhere in Beijing actually...).5. Common areas: The reception area is pretty nice. The elevators has strange smell in the morning, and the carpets are old. They washed the carpet in the hallway during our stay, but it seemed to look the same after they washed it....6. Concierge: They seemed to have merged bellboy and concierge together. They provide adequate service (I booked a 1-day tour to the great wall with their help). There is often no one at the concierge area, and I wonder if you can rely on them on helping you plan your sightseeing trip/route.7. Breakfast: The breakfast was too expensive for what they offer - I'd recommend just getting breakfast from the many restaurants downstairs (There is Mcdonald's downstairs, and they are opening a starbucks soon. Then, you can get Chinese style breakfast in several restaurants too).In general, we had an OK experience with this budget hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	5	3	2	

<Author>asianink
<Content>Rated as a 3 when it's really a 1.5 star       lobby  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	3	2	3	

<Author>sarahbrum
<Content>Great Location for using the Marriott points ! Walking distance from Tiananmen Square and right on a Metro station ... and on key bus routes.Typical Marriott but location was great and being one of the Courtyard Hotels a great use of Marriott Rewards. Clean rooms, good service - just what you would expect.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>LvtrvlLA
<Content>Good experience, great location Great experience overall 鈥?will stay here again if in Beijing. Felt very safe and comfortable here as a first-time visitor to China. Quiet, comfortable room with all needed amenities; A/C, cable TV, fridge (with two small bottles of complimentary water provided daily), hot pot, shower  tub, desk, small couch  table. Great location nearby a subway stop (one stop from Tiananmen Square), grocery store  malls. Breakfast, although very pricey if not included in your room package, was a very plentiful, quality western-oriented buffet with an omelet station. The pool and health club were under renovation during our visit thus no comments and the ground floor bar/lounge was always too smoky for us so we didn鈥檛 patronize it but it looked like a pleasant place to rest and have a drink. The front desk  Concierge staff spoke extremely little English  were not overly friendly but we found same service around China. As the guidebooks suggest, make sure to have the name  address of the hotel written in Chinese (a map of the hotel  surrounding area is also helpful for illiterate drivers) when venturing out. Booking a taxi directly versus through the Concierge for day trips saved us money (we negotiated USD 25.00 rate for a taxi to take us to the Mutinayu section of the Great Wall and back).  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadaHubert
<Content>three star hotel We stayed 5 nights in this hotel. The looby is very nice but the bedrooms need renovation. The carpets are very dirty, the furniture is run down but our queen size bed was very good. The room is fairly large. The pool was being renovated. The breakfast room is fine. The breakfast is reasonnably good, but coffee is horrible. The hotel is located on a quiet street, near a good shopping centre that has a grocery store in the basement.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>chilton
<Content>We enjoyed our stay We thoroughly enjoyed our 4 night stay and felt that the previous negative views we had read were unfair . The room was a good size,clean and well up to UK hotel standards . The breakfasts were excellent and the inhouse restaurant in the evening was good and reasonably priced . We liked the location -it was very near to the metro:on one occasion we walked back from the centre of Beijing and it took us about 30-45 mins. The surrounding area was very interesting - with the 2 adjoining upmarket shopping malls(one with a skating rink ! )and the massive subterranean supermarket.We felt it gave us a good feel for a very chinese innercity area and we liked walking round the area at night.The staff were pleasant at all times and we would definitely recommend it to others . Because of our concern about the negative reviews ,our travel co. would have been prepared to transfer us to another hotel if we had not liked it.However, we contacted them to tell them that we did not want to take up the offer as we were very happy with the hotel.It was a good start to our China trip.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cls4
<Content>Acceptable Marriott Courtyard This Marriott Courtyard is not quite the quality of the Marriott Courtyards in the US, but it was OK. The furniture in the rooms is fairly shop-worn, but the room was clean and comfortable. I was not on an executive floor, so I had to pay daily for Internet access (around $8 per day). The hotel provides free bottled water. My room had a refrigerator/mini-bar, but I do not know if all rooms had refrigerators. There was enough room to keep some food for breakfast (yogurt, juice, etc.)The hotel is in a good location - right next to a large shopping complex with a department store, supermarket, Starbucks, food court, etc. And it is close to the subway. Despite what it says on their website, you cannot walk to the Forbidden City from the hotel. However, you can walk to the Temple of Heaven from there. There is a major taxi stand right around the corner from the hotel, so there is no need for the bellman to hail a taxi.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>DuncyBoy
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I read the reviews on here after we'd booked the hotel through a travel agency in Hong Kong. I was quite worried after reading the comments but decided I was going to see the city not the hotel.When we arrived there seemed to be some confusion with the booking but they quickly dealt with that and upgraded us.Room was quite nice and better than other PRC hotels I'd stayed in. The gym/ pool was undergoing a refurb (as were two other hotels on this trip) but the other facilities we used such as the bar were good and all of the staff we encountered were very helpful.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristofd
<Content>Not too bad, but be aware I got to the hotel at night, so with all the lights it looked fantastic. The frontdesk was a little cold to wards us, but I thought thats how Chinese people must be, and was too tired to really notice much. Got to the room, nice room, excellent view and a warm feeling to the room.Had a shower, and went to the restaurant for some dinner. Was told that they had closed. So went to the shopping center wich is attached to the hotel, and went down to the supermarket, on the bottom floor. Got some noodles. Went back to the room, boilt some water so I could have something to eat.Woke up feeling groggy in the morning, so went for breakfast, as I was very hungry. Got there, nobody to sign me in, so I thought I would wait a few moments. 10 minutes on, nothing. So I walked in, got my buffet breakfast, sat down at a table, when a waiter came running out, and saying, this is a private dinner room, please leave now. He ushered me out, while me other friends were walking in. Our tourguide tried to explain to the waiter that they had booked this room for breakfast, and that I was allowed to eat there. He did not believe this, and got his supervisor, they checked the books, and yes, they saw we had booked the room.As I had already plated my breakfast, I was told I could not take some more as it was all setup for our little group, and my breakfast was cold by then. I asked for toast, which I did get.The remainder of the stay was ok, except on my last day. We went on a tour and I left my mobile in the room (forgot it on the bedside table) When I got back to the room, my mobile had gone. I went to the receptio to complain, and they told me to prove it, that I did not lose it in the city. I was angry, so I called for the manager, and was told he was too busy.Got back home, explained this to my travel agent, they contacted the hotel, and claim that none of this ever happend. I know it did happen, as my friends all know it did..  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>frequentflyergrl101
<Content>Dissatisfied with Hotel Stayed 2 nights at this hotel and was a Platinum (top tier) member of the hotel. Despite calling and confirming that we were eligible for an upgrade to a suite, when we checked in, the front desk staff were extremely rude. They flat out refused an upgrade and refused to call Marriott to confirm. They gave us a non-toll free number and told us to call ourselves but said they could not call for us. Extremely rude and unhelpful staff. Maid service did not respect the Do Not Disturb sign. The doorman never helped us with our bags when we came or when we left. The most upsetting part was that the doorman would purposely call us taxis that would try and rip us off. We took taxis several times a day for 7 days in a row and the only time we were so blatantly ripped off was from this hotel. The first time, the taxi refused to put the meter on and tried to charge us triple the rate. The second time, the taxi drove us in circles for double the regular rate. Another time, we got a driver that had ripped us off and ended up getting out of the cab and getting a taxi from the street. The rooms themselves were comfortable, and we ended up getting free internet, although, it indicated a fee was charged when you sign in, which is supposed to be free at all Courtyards.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>z1ppy
<Content>Standard hotel - not as nice as some we stayed at       Bathroom was a bit dirty looking  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>worker_bee_traveller
<Content>My Oasis in Chaos I was having a pretty horrible string of luck with hotels in China until I got to the Marriott. The hotel was beautiful and the service was wonderful. I also loved the breakfast buffet. I stayed in an executive room which was huge. It had a seperate living room with its own 1/2 bath. The executive room included internet and breakfast. The hotel is also near Starbucks and the Hongqiao (Pearl) Market.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>algis
<Content>OK but..not up to standards I stayed @ the Courtyard in Beijing after my stay @ the Renaissance Yangtze Hotel in Shanghai...What a difference...in the negative.The hotel overall was in 'shabby' condition, rooms as well as lobby.From the 'amenities' (or lack thereof) that existed ,I think that this happened to be one of the first 'western; hotels built in Beijing. As an 'elite' Marriott member I did not even receive the 'usual' amenities provided...morning paper as one.Although the location is not bad, close to the 'pearl market' heavenly palace and the subway ,it lacks the comforting feel which one looks forward to upon returning in the eveningNext visit to Beijing will be @ the Renaissance !  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>travelcafe
<Content>Courtyard Marriott Beijing and Beijing Review First, I had bid for a 3 star (highest star level offered) in the Forbidden City district, but did not get a winning bid. Then, I bid for a 4 star in the Chongwen district of Beijing and got the Courtyard Marriott (at a reasonable price for a decent hotel there). It was about 100 RMB by taxi from PEK. I talk about Beijing taxis later. The lobby was nice, as most 3 and 4 star lobbies are, but our initial room was smokey with shabby carpets and wallpaper. I went to front desk and they gave me a much nicer upgraded room. The carpets here were not the newest and had a few stains, but I walk around hotel rooms wearing flip flops anyway. The hotel manager called us a couple of times to make sure we liked the new room better, and this was appreciated. We decided after seeing some of the other available hotels in this city, that actually we may have lucked out in getting the Marriott. As I believe this is a third world country, it seems the standards may be a little different than what we would expect in the US. I would suggest always staying in a 4 star, at least, in Beijing, and assume that it will be more like a 2 1/2 to 3 star by US standards.The front desk staff was nice overall, but we found that there were a few that understood and spoke English better than others on staff. The concierge desk was efficient about writing down chinese translations, for destinations, on a card for the taxi excursions we took (highly recommended and also circle the destination on a map for the taxi driver).The location was great! It was nice to go to the 5th floor of the adjoining New World Mall and have a selection of little eateries to go to, also nice to walk to the Pearl Market and to the Tiennamen Square area. We felt very safe walking and often commented on how we feel a little safer than walking thru some large cities of the US. I think that justice is very severe in China, so this probably helps alot.We read a recent US article that explained how some Americans frown upon the social ettiquette of Chinese visitors to the US. I have to admit that sometimes it got tiresome, in Beijing, to get bumped by the Chinese and their bags but we came to the realization that the customs and practices are different from US standards. Can't expect another country to be like our own, can we? It's all part of the experience of visiting another country, so we enjoyed experiencing things as they are in Beijing.Bathrooms were a consistent problem as, again, they weren't up to US standards. Honestly, I as a woman, could not force myself to use them: flat on the floor, smelly, and no toilet paper/soap. Bring tissues and hand sanitizer gel for emergencies, otherwise just use the restroom back at the hotel.Taxis seem to often have their little games. They will meet you outside the markets, after you have shopped and have significant bags of purchases, and quote $80 RMB for Rush Hour. If you had taken a taxi to get there from the Marriott, you may have paid 10 to 25 RMB. You ask them to use the taxi meter, and they say it will cost more that way to get back to the hotel during rush hour. So then you are stuck not knowing what to do, so you negotiate before getting into the taxi, like we did. The next taxi will offer to take you back for $70 RMB, so then we negotiated $30 RMB. Then, you get in a taxi to go from the hotel to the airport. This driver says he will use the meter and shows you , only when asked, that the meter is starting at $10 RMB. Then the whole way to the airport, he somehow covers the meter so you cannot see it,and zeros it out at the airport before you can see the final amount. This ride cost $130 RMB. I think it's best to negotiate the total price before getting into the taxi and going to the airport. Let's not forget, too, that the driver will add about 10 to the total for the road toll. Games taxi drivers play! Oh, and how about when you show the driver the chinese translation for your destination, he seems to understand where you want to go, so you get in, and he drives around awhile before pulling over to ask to see the location on your map (meter running the whole time). Good thing the exchange rate makes the bill not too high.There is a saying: When in ______ , do as the _______ do. This would apply to China and probably other places in the world. In China, like the natives, hold your place in lines and negotiate the lowest prices.Overall, we really enjoyed the experience (once we understood the rules) and will be going back.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>AC2002
<Content>We enjoyed it; but I can see why others didn't We stayed here for four nights, two for free (points) and two were paid. Let me first give you the good, but keep in mind my mixed-message title above...The hotel itself is better than a typical U.S. Courtyard By Marriot (as in, the three story low-rises with minimal service but good rooms and free continental breakfast). The location is also pretty good- about a short taxi ride to Beijing's major tourist sites. Our room was fine and the internet worked without a hitch. The hotel is connected to a New World Center mall, which has some decent shopping and a very good food court with cheap and tasty (if not fancy) food. Yes, speaking Chinese might help with ordering, but the food is all pretty much in front of you- point and pay, if you aren't fluent in Mandarin. We ate dinner here twice. When we had to return to Beijing to catch our flight, we almost came back to this place (price was a bit higher, and we decided to try something different just to compare).We saw some of the other comments, and I agree that it is likely that some rooms have smoke- but this is true in many hotels in China. It鈥檚 a cultural thing. If anything, I'd expect a foreign hotel to have a LOWER frequency of smoke issues. The pool is huge but COLD (by American standards). Our kids had to do laps instead of the usual lounging around just to stay warm! The pool is actually inside a health club in the attached shopping center complex- we didn't think it was a big deal to leave the building for about 50-100 feet. Bring a bathing cap, however- as a regular health club pool in China, they enforce this rule very strictly. We were sent down to the shopping mall to buy caps (which were 20-50 yuan each), but on the last day we saw others who got basic caps from the health club sold for only 10 yuan. There are some other warts here which also could turn you off. We wanted to change money downstairs and also got rebuffed a couple of times (wait for the business manager to arrive, which is not until 10AM; right now we can only exchange cash not traveler's checks, and so on.) But they did change our money eventually, so it was not all bad. As for the taxis- I agree that the cabs in front are quite routinely owner-driven cars - meaning that they work for themselves and consider the meter optional. We took a short ride, and my wife was convinced that the fare was high (she spoke Chinese the whole ride to him, and he only put the meter up because she asked him to do so). If you are worried about it, insist on a cab that you like, or you can flag a cab half a block down the street - that's what we did for our taxi ride back to the airport. I'd also note that we stayed at the HolidayInn Downtown in Beijing, and the hotel staff there also insisted that all cabs are alike. My point is that many 4 star hotels will tell you the same thing that this Marriot does. Regarding the seedy neighborhood comments- ChongWenMen is south of the center, and it is true that the south is not all great. The immediate area is fine. But we walked to the TianTan Park (less than a mile), we saw plenty of poor Beijing which doesn't make the tourism brochures. Compared to the poverty areas of the U.S. it actually isn't bad. We were approached by a beggar while walking back to the hotel. And we saw some buildings which were definitely aged and in need of repair.As far as breakfast- we never paid the big bucks which the hotel wanted. If you are willing to eat local food, I strongly encourage you to try the Yong He Da Wong restaurant just one block to the right of the hotel (ask the bellboy or concierge; on the restaurant sign there鈥檚 picture of a guy who looks a little bit like an Asian Colonel Sanders). Food there is good, and at local prices (25-32 yuan each day to feed two adults and two children quite well). They also have a bacon  eggs special which might pass for western food. One warning: the whole menu is in Chinese, but there are a good number of pictures, and plenty of people eating there so you could probably point to some things and have success. Yes it's long winded, but I wanted to give you the full picture. I'd say the hotel building was 4.5 star quality, neighborhood is 4 stars, staff quality 2.5-3 starts, and amenities 3-4 stars here. Overall, a good place but come with the knowledge that there may be some annoying little things here and there.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>sndaily
<Content>Much better than I expected! After reading the last few reviews here I was very hesitant about booking this hotel but the price and location won out. We found the hotel to be typical of most Courtyards with clean and spacious rooms. The rooms had 2 double beds (small doubles!) and our roll away was set up and ready for our arrival. We took the train in from Shanghai and got to the hotel by 8am. The front desk allowed us to check in and gave us keys to our rooms even though they had not been cleaned yet - we were able to leave our bags in the rooms. The breakfast was good - typical hotel breakfast buffet. Check out was quick. The location is great - next to the mall and within walking distance from the Pearl Market (closes at 7PM though!).  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>AJTrip
<Content>Bitterly Disappointed Bitterly disappointed with the Courtyard by Marriott - the level of service offered during my stay was attrocious - the toilet was leaking, stinking up the whole room and the front desk staff were unresponsive and showed no understanding for my discomfort until I raised my voice - something I should not have to do. Giggling smirking staff who repeat Sorry and then just look down and pretend to be busy is NOT the level of customer service I expect from an international hotel chain such as the Marriott.If you choose to stay here, be prepared for the stench of cigarette smoke everytime you enter the lobby and fitness club, being demanded to pay for swimming caps that you knew nothing about at check-in, stale and limp hotel breakfasts, the 40RMB/hr cost for internet access, taxi drivers not knowing the hotel by name (I speak fluent Chinese so it was not a pronounciation problem), old smelly carpet and occasional foul smells wafting through the air conditioner among other things.Clearly, management is incapable of what is required to operate and provide what is expected from a hotel of the Marriott's calibre.Do not stay here if you are used to the usual standard of the Marriott - you will be bitterly disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deb00
<Content>Beware: Very disappointed I was under the impression this was to be a 4 star hotel. I see now its rated 3, but I wouldn't even give it that. More like a 2 star. The only thing going for it was the location, which was excellent, close to Pearl Market (Hung Qiao), subway and other shopping. Carpeting throughout was filthy, the lobby and elevators wreaked of smoke. Furniture in the rooms was old and worn. I concurr with the other post, watch out for the taxis. I foolishly assumed that the concierge in a Marriot hotel would not hail us a rip off taxi not using a meter, but was wrong. We jumped in at 6:30 in the morning heading to the airport half awake only to realize we got ripped off for the ride. Our previous hotel in Beijing would not use a driver without a meter, so I was off guard. Never, ever assume anything in China, even from the door step of Marriot. This is not up to Marriot standards. If you just want a clean bed to rest your head in a great location this is the place for you. But I'd try to find a true 3 or 4 star hotel near by if that's what your looking for, and pass on this one.D. Davis  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid at all costs This was simply an abomination of a hotel. From the first impression of not being greeted, dirty entrance, rude doorman, terrible front desk staff. Avoid the taxi que at the fron of this hotel - or risk being ripped off. Many visitors were complaining during our stay. Also, if you enjoy the fact the the lobby seating is taken by smoking taxi drivers on break and other assorted riff-raff - this is your place. Marriott should be ashamed!!!!!! Friviolous charges on check out - and surly and confrontational service during stay. I have never encountered any Marriott brand in which customers were so worried (not just us but many others too). Unsafe - particularly at night - unsupervised entry - inattentive staff - non-existent doorman and bellcaps. A very ugly experience. Avoid this trap and stay at other hotels (both the Marriott West and Renaissance are exceptionel).  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Max_Norway
<Content>Courtyard by Marriott New World is a good choice Nice big hotel, with good location. Walking distance to the pearl marked. The hotel is connected to a big shopping centre. Several resturants in the building.Lived there for 1 week, and had a great time!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>deepblue2006
<Content>Good and convenient hotel The location of the hotel is perfect where it takes only one minute to the subway station. The hotel is just behind a shopping mall. Inside the mall, there are Starbucks and KFC so that we can eat at reasonable price. The room is clean although there is no Internet connection. The breakfast is up to 4-star standard.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>manowar
<Content>A good hotel - but not quite up to the usual Mariott standard. Having frequently stayed in Courtyard Marriott hotels around the world, I had high expectations of this property. Whilst it lived up to most of these expectations, there were numerous aspects which were somewhat disappointing when compared to the usual 5 star Mariott experience.There are many reasons I would stay at this hotel again. In particular, it is modern, spotlessly clean, and has an excellent location (it is only 5 minutes from the subway, 10 minutes from Wangfujing Street, and an easy 25-30 minutes from Tiananmen Square). The breakfast was superb both in quality and variety, and the hotel site also features a shopping mall, a supermarket, Starbucks, KFC, Pizza Hut and McDonalds. My booking was made online, and the checkin procedure was swift and efficient. I got the room I ordered, and it took no more than 5 minutes to get upstairs to the room itself. The business center, although expensive, is well equipped and useful.On the down side, the front-of-house staff were almost always surly and rude. Most of them had limited English, and they urgently need to learn how to smile! Also, the air conditioning in the room was not working properly, and only seemed to be blowing warm air around the room. Despite a maintenance request, it was not addressed during my stay. The mini-bar and coffee bar are well stocked, but for us tea drinkers, I suggest you BYO as there are no tea bags. Finally, the mattress was like sleeping on a slab of granite. This may well suit somebody who prefers a rock solid bed, but the rest of us have to suffer. Mind you, the bed linen was superb, and is a real positive.Overall, this is a modern, clean and well located property which is very good for both business and tourist guests. However, if you are anticipating the usual Marriott experience, then you may be slightly disappointed. In particular, I recommend that the staff be given some remedial training on customer satisfaction. Whist I rate it as 4 out of 5, it only just earns that score.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cat2tvl
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed for 4 nights. Our room was a non smoking room with no odors. We were upgraded to a deluxe room with 2 double beds, a couch and bathrobes. Yes the furnishings and carpet are a bit on the older side but still in good shape. The room was spotless and daily maid service wonderful. We had a 4yr old with us and the Pizza Hut, Mc Donalds and KFC came in handy since he was not into the local food. The shoping mall and grocery store was so convient and helpful. The neighborhood was fine.The only problem was that the front desk has an excuse everyday for not exchanging our currency. They would not change anyrthing over $100 USD at a time. Always said short on money but when they opened the drawer it was full of bills.Breakfast was good. On our stay the food was fresh. Eggs made to order for you. Fruit and bread fresh and tasty.A few of the hote dishes like the noodles were lukewarm but ok. Ate dinner once in the resturant, it was just ok. You can not drink water but you were given water bottles everyday. Hotel is so close to Tian anmen Square, Forbidden City, Silk Market shopping, Temple of Heaven and the subway is a short block away.Business Center to use computers very well staffed and easy access, but not free.Lobby very nice but very very smoky. Front desk and concierge spoke good english.Check in and check out very quick and bill correct. Overall very happy with hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>World_Citizen8
<Content>Very Good Hotel This nice 4 star hotel is relatively recent (opened less than 10 years ago). I was there for business and was pleased with the service, room, and restaurants. I had a bathrobe in my room which is always nice.However if I were a tourist I would probably stay elsewhere as there is not much to do or see around the hotel. Also staying at an American hotel in China is kind of funny.To answer a previous reviewer: ALL hotels in China charge extra for internet use.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A typical Marriott Courtyard A standard US style Marriott Courtyard. Close to Forbidden city and is inside a mall. There is a grocery story on the -1 floor of the mall, where you get mineral water for 2 RMB, while the hotel will charge you 38 RMB.English speaking staff with chinese culture. I called the concierge from room and asked him to send me the trip tickets to my room, since I did not want to go down. He agreed but did not show up. I called him 30 minutes later and asked him again. He agreed to come up with ticket but never showed up. Later, after an hour I went down and collected it.Internet was not free(40 RMB per hour), eventhough it was advertised for free.Everything else is pretty decent.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

