<Author>Brookers09
<Content>Shocking service, noisy, worst hotel experience ever!! I took my boyfriend to Barcelona for his birthday 2 weeks ago. It was supposed to be a romantic getaway and thought I had chosen wisely...I was proved wrong!Room 317 was small to say the least and certainly not worth the 180euros a night it cost to stay there. If the cackling chambermaids didn't wake you in the morning then you can be sure to be regularly woken (day and night) by the bottle bins being emptied from the bar/restaurant; the room was also very cold. Breakfast the following morning was as luke warm as the service! Later on, a trip to the bar was the final straw. A beer for my boyfriend and a vodka and coke for myself proved too difficult a task for the incompetent bar person who proceeded to serve the bottle of beer with a filthy, dirty glass and served me just a coke because she didn't know what Vodka was!!She deserted the bar when she couldn't find the vodka and so my drink order was finished off by someone completely different who went on to dribble vodka in the miniscule amount of space left in the glass. I was shocked to say the least and I can honestly say it is the worst service I have ever received in a hotel! In genereal the hotel lift area smelt of drains, our room key had to be changed twice because it didn't work, at one point we were given the key to room 307!!!Just as well we were so honest! All in all we won't ever be using a H10 hotel ever again and they should seriously consider the value of what they offer and what they charge!!(improving the staff's english skills wouldn't hurt either!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>msmomSeattle
<Content>We Loved This Place and Will Return       Hallway  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Titcher
<Content>Very Small Rooms!!! We arrived at the hotel at 12.30pm and the reception looked nice small but nice. We went up to the room to discover it was more like a wardrobe than a bedroom. The room was so small and had the smallest double bed I have ever seen. The bathroom was tiny, it was really just an excuse for a bathroom. The window looked out onto a brick wall. I just could not stay in the room, you could only access the bed from one side. We went back down to reception to complain and see if there were any bigger rooms. She sent us up to look at a twin room, the only differences were two single beds in the room and the window gave more light. We just could not stay here for the weekend. I had looked up the hotel Olivia when searching and it was also in Placa Catalunya, its a four star hotel and the rooms were massive and very modern. We had to pay one nights accommodation as a cancellation fee to the H10 but it was worth it to get out of there. short walk across the placa and we were in hotel Olivia in a fab room and full length window looking onto the Placa. Would highly recommend this hotel and the staff, worth payin that little bit extra.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>NJphotoGuy
<Content>Beware that single rooms are very small       bathroom was quite small  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	5	4	1	2	4	

<Author>tomblieboo
<Content>great hotel excellent location stopped in h10 catalunya plaza in jan08, found the hotel to be clean and breakfast good. the hotel is right in the centre at catalunya plaza ideal for the drop off from the airport bus, subway and the open top site seeing bus points. ideal location and didnt find it noisy, would definitly stay there again and visit barcelona  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RJHNorthYorks
<Content>Excellent Location Stayed in this hotel for one night post cruise. Had a family room (3 0f us)- size was fine and third bed was in a little walk through area at the end of the room which gave a degree of privacy. Staff helpful. Free internet access, coffee, snacks and wine in lounge.The location of the hotel is excellent.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>superged
<Content>good location, bad hotel location is perfect : central, transport (from airport or to access metro)rooms are clean but very small (triple room has inappropriate size) personnel attention is poor (one night, waited 20 minutes outside ringing before someone showed up [I will not detail what I think he was doing])changed to stay in another hotel closeby for approx. the same price (look around on booking siets) that was far far better.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	1	4	

<Author>Clanman
<Content>Great location and superb hotel       View from hotel balcony  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SandrieH
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location We were in Barcelona for a week at the end of May, begginning of June 2008. We really had a great time and wished we had more days to spend there. We liked the hotel very much and also the location. Right opposite of the hotel (on the other side of Plaza Catalunya) you can pick up the Bus Turistic which has 3 routes and takes you around all the famous locations in Barcelona.The staff of the hotel were very friendly and helpfull every time we would ask them for information. Also my husband used the internet facility provided there several times, which was free of charge.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Gillsjourneys
<Content>Claustrophobics beware I stayed here with my husband in May. This was my 4th trip in 4 years and this is unfortunately the worst hotel in terms of standard of accommodation. The location is brilliant - right on the Plaza Catalunya and seconds away from Las Ramblas, the more refined Passeig de Gracia with its modernista buildings and minutes from the Gothic quarter (diagonally across the square from hotel). But the entrance to the hotel is small and unwelcoming. The complimentary cava at the reception desk was a nice touch. But this did not compensate for the tiny room we were allocated. All I can say is, if you are allocated a room on 1st floor beware. The room (although spotless) was very small. There was no natural light and nowhere to sit and relax other than on the bed. The only way to see what the weather was like, in the absence of a window to the outside, was to leave the room and make your way either to the breakfast room (breakfast was wonderful with lots of choice for even the most picky of eaters) or downstairs to the lobby to be able to look outside. Other rooms must be superior in quality (apparent from other reviews on this site) so we must have been just unlucky that we ended up in a shoebox . It did not spoil our stay - Barcelona is a fabulous city and I will be returning soon but not to the Catalunya Plaza.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>alnewell
<Content>Perfect City Centre Hotel This is the 3rd time we stayed at the Catalunya Plaza and I would still highly recommend it. We were there 3 nights for a long weekend, and it suits us perfectly as easy to get to from the airport (using the airport bus), as the stop is opposite near Corte Ingles. Breakfast is good - plentiful and fresh - and our room was fine. The rooms are on the small side, but as you're not in them during the day they're fine. This time we had a room overlooking the back courtyard which was really quiet and peaceful - in fact I think we would choose that over one looking out the front again. Everywhere is walkable, and some really good hidden bars etc just of Ramblas waiting to be discovered - away from all the touristy things! Highly recommended hotel - if you're booking through the H10 website become a member of their club and you get freebies (we had chocolates, fresh fruit etc left in our room).  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pricewise
<Content>Just hope you have no problems! I called into the hotel and asked for a price for two nights for a double room. The receptionist gave a rate and wrote this down on the back of a business card. based on other hotels I took this to be the total price!On checking out I was presented with a bill DOUBLE the amount. Despite my protests nothing was done to correct this.I have since written to H10 in Barcelona and London SEVEN times and have not had the decency of a reply.So if you stay at this overrated and overpriced hotel just hope that you are problem free as they don't care enough about their guests to sort anything out. Blatent arrogance.BEWARE you have been warned!!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Barcelonamom
<Content>Great Location, Great Value For The Money We just came back from 5 nights at H10 Catalunya Plaza. We stayed in triple room, room 206. I had asked for room 313 facing the square, but we got there early at 8:00 am and were able to check right in, in room 206. It had a double bed, and a small sitting area with a couch that converted to a single bed. Which was fine. It faced a back courtyard. It was very quiet. So quiet, it felt like we were the only ones in the hotel, and of course that wasn't the case. The breakfast buffet was huge, same things every day. If I go back I wouldn't book the breakfast. Since you eat dinner so late in Barcelona, we weren't really hungry for breakfast. And it was so-so. The hotel has free coffee, tea, wine, pastries, and mini sandwiches in the lounge. That was a big draw for me booking the hotel, but again we really didn't use it. They had free internet, two computers in the lounge. We used them twice. I never saw anyone else using them. And we had one english channel, CNN. Friends who stayed in a more expensive hotel had no english channels. The room was immaculately cleaned everday, they provided us with 2 bathrobes.The location was great. We took the Aerobus up and back from the airport. It lets you off across the hotel, and you pick it up across the square. The hotel is in the center of everything. The beginning of La Ramblas is one block away, and the gothic area 5 minutes away. We were one block off of Passeig De Gracia the main Blvd. I had originally wanted to book a hotel in the gothic area, but now am glad I didn't. Its very dark, and small narrow streets at night. I felt very safe at the H10 Catalunya Plaza as its on a huge lit up square, and there always seemed to be people around. I would definitley recommend this hotel. Great value for the $. Be sure to go to Caelum, up Carrer Palla, a little pastry shop in the gothic area and sit in the cafe. Wonderful. And eat at Taller De Tapas also in the gothic area on Plaza Sant Josep Oriol. We took the hop on hop off bus and got a two day pass. You get the bus in front of the hotel. There are two routes, the second leaves from across the square. Lots to do. We loved Barcelona!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Mel1972
<Content>Fab Hotel This was our 4th visit to Barcelona and 4th Hotel and we eventually found the perfect hotel, centrally located, not over priced, friendly staff and a quiet room. The hotel also offered free Champagne, wine and light food every afternoon until they ran out (about midnight) every day. If I visit Barcelona again I will definately stay at this hotel, infact ive became a member of the Club H10 chain so I will be checking out more of theier hotels.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kriton
<Content>Good business hotel, great staff and breakfast! Prompted by poor reviews, felt I had to state my husband and small daughter and I spent three very happy days in Barcelona at this hotel, the room was super, we actually asked to move to an inside room as the Plaza Espanya is a little noisy if window open, but thats the price of the terrific view which it also boasts! The hotel is easily on par with Hilton or similar, if a little dated externally - internally the rooms bright and smart, and an amazingly varied breakfast, freshly baked pastries in front of you, great hot and cold buffet. Housekeeping excellent, beds turned down every evening, well stocked etc. Super staff and a great doorman. Would recommend.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>backhouseboy
<Content>The right location We booked direct with the hotel through H10 hotels own website - they guarantee to beat any other rate and did so by quite a margin on some sites. Ideal central location right at the top of La Rambla. Used the 'Barcelona Bus' from Girona airport (return cost 21` euros) but this dropped us off at Arc de Triumph bus station two metro stops away. I have since discoved that there is another airport bus which is cheaper and drops you of in the Catalunya Plaza itself. The Hotel is quite small with only the reception desk on ground floor. The Hotel itself is fine - H10 hotels are usually excellent - but try to avoid a 4th Floor room - the lift gives up at the third floor! and our room was small and virtually windowless. To be fair we were moved into a better one the following day. Snacks  drinks - wine ,coffee etc.available free during the day. All in all ,a value for money stay - the location being excellent for popping in and out ,and, we would definitely stay again. One small point is that the two computers for the use of guest do not have printers and I encountered a problem when trying to obtain an 'online' boarding pass for our return flight. In the end I was allowed use the computer at the reception desk and the staff couldn't have been more helpful.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tMCL
<Content>H10 great location H10 is a great location at Catalunya Plaza opposite the Corte Ingles department store.Although pricey the location somewhat makes up for it and the airport bus drops you off across the Plaza. There were a few teething problems with the card for the room door which wouldn't work. This took a day and five different cards to resolve.The room was tiny although very nice. The bedlinen and some towles weren't changed during my stay which was unacceptable given the cost of the room.There is free internet access in a lounge area which is really useful.Overall a great location but not worth the money I believe.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	4	3	3	2	4	

<Author>citysi
<Content>Loved this hotel       The Facade  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>Yorkie_Traveller
<Content>Good Location       The Plaza  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>EAGLES06
<Content>Great Location and Value for Money we will return! We visited Barcelona just for one night on 24/10/07,so although it was a brief stay in the wonderful city it was very enjoyable.Having read the reviews on this Hotel we took some tips and travelled via the bus from right outside the airport which was really easy and excellent value! 10 euros for the 3 of us.We stayed in a triple room 313 for 190 euros including breaky and i could not fault anything,the hotel was clean and perfectly located on the top end of the Rambles,we walked all the way to the beach and got a bus back due to my i mean my sons aching legs!The hotel staff could not have been more helpful so go on book it its really great.Check out is 12 which is good!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>delnshell
<Content>Excellent Location       View of the beach  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>Baroff
<Content>Great Hotel, But....... Stayed here in Oct 2007 for long weekend break. Hotel scores highly for location - Catalunya Sq at top of La Rambla, food - excellent hot or cold breakfast with plenty of choice, staff - kind and considerate. However if you are unlucky enough to be allocated one of the smaller rooms then your stay will be a nightmare. These rooms are really only singles but the hotel try and pass them off as doubles. Insist on one of the rooms facing the square and you will be OK. Furnishings and decor all good standard and bathrooms well appointed and decent size even with the smaller rooms.Would definitely go back again but only on the understanding that I had one of the rooms facing the square on either 1st, 2nd, or 3rd floor.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tartanryan
<Content>Great Location - Small Room - Don't go with flyglobespan! Stayed for three nights for a short mid-week break and first visit toBarca. The hotel is on the Pla莽a Catalunya so the location is ideal.You get the A1 airport bus to the square and you are right at the hotel. Flights were from Glasgow with flyglobespan and 5 hours late.This seemed to be the case on a daily basis. On the return leg, a flight to Edinburgh with the same airline due to depart 13.35 was scheduled to leave at 20:00. Avoid them!Check-in was fine with a little gift of some biscuits on arrival in the room. The room (210) was the smallest I have ever stayed in. Looking at the floor plan on the emergency exit I think I was unluckyas it looked the smallest on floor 2. Try to avoid this room if you can. Really not room to swing a cat! It was very clean and well fitted out. Not worth140 euros per night BB.Breakfast was good with a wide selection of cereals, cakes and pastries, cheeses and meats, little sandwiches, juices etc. The cooked selection was average but you might be a little unhappy if you like your british fry up. Disappointing bangers which were more like hot dog sausages and the bacon was really more like the waffer ham you get at the supermarket. There is free wi-fi in all the rooms and if you don't take your laptop there are also two PCs with internet access which can be used for FREE. Only one was working during my stay so you often had to wait or come back.In the afternoon the hotel served FREE sandwiches and cakes/pastries in the lounge area. Also served was coffee/tea and if you wanted it Cava. A really nice touch. The hotel staff were helpful and curteous.Check-out was a bit drawn out as the sole receptionist was keener on answering the telephone than dealing with the queue of departing guests and took about 20 minutes. If you are paying with a Credit Card beware of how they charge you. I was charged in 拢 sterling with a 2% surcharge for conversion rather than in euros when my card issuer would not have charged this. They are supposed to ask you if you want to pay in euros and sterling so if you have a card which doesn't charge a foreign currency fee (eg Nationwide) make sure you pay in euros.All in all a good hotel which on a good day will be excellent. The location alone is reason to stay here.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Ilovetotravelglasgow
<Content>great location So easy to get to , get off airport bus on the square and the hotel is there. Great location for picking up tourist bus and of course Las Ramblas. Room clean and spacious, do try for a room at the front of the hotel. Drinks and nibbles in the lounge area daily!Look forward to another visit and will definitely stay there.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>suzannedeijnen
<Content>A Gem of a Hotel We have just returned from a lovely girls only weekend in Barcelona staying at the catalunya plaza which we booked through trip advisor (glad we read your reviews before we went they were spot on!). We found the hotel to be very clean and easy to get to from the airport you just hop on the A1 aerobus outside the terminal and the bus takes you right to the stop opposite the hotel just a short stroll across the square. The staff were extremely nice and helpful, we had breakfast included in are stay and there was so much variety to choose from we were spoiled for choice there was a selection of fresh fruit, cereals, yoghurts, bacon, sausage, eggs, beans, toast and fresh rolls also a selection of meats and juices not to mention tea and coffee. Also in the afternoon complimentary drinks of bottled water, wine and cava were on offer along with sanwiches and little cakes wow! We would definately stay at the catalunya plaza again if we visit Barcelona are only gripe is that we didn't stay long enough to visit all the sites!Suzanne Cheshire, Kim Solihull and Sam Birmingham  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Steve-and-Lesley2006
<Content>Great location       View of Hotel from Plaza Catalunya  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>042289
<Content>Loved the H10 Catalunya Plaza- Best Location My sister, nephew and I just returned from a week in Barcelona. The location and convenience of the hotel are excellent. For us the hotel's key attribute is being midway between all of the star attractions without being in Las Ramblas. The staff were very helpful and we look forward to returning. We booked a Triple which we highlly recommend. The 3 single beds were tight (by American Standards) but comfortable. We don't spend lots of time in hotels. In the future I will book the triple room for double occupancy for a bit more space. We were in room 313 which appears to be one of the largest (also 312 ). There are only six triples in the hotel so book early. DO Not book 308 or 309. Too Tiny for a single person.Take the A-1 bus to the hotel from the airport. The cost is 3.75 euro/person vs. 30-35 euro for a taxi. The airport bus stop is located across the street from the Taxi que. The hotel is the last stop and takes only 25-30 minutes from the airport. You walk across the plaza (1 minute) to the hotel. Should you take the bus for your departure, note the terminal (A, B or C) for your flight arrival. Awesome trip. Great hotel/location.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catisha2000
<Content>Gem of a hotel Having read the reviews of this hotel, I decided to book it for myself and my boyfriend for a midweek break. I'm delighted to say that the reviews on this website are spot on, it's a great hotel in a fantastic location.Having phoned ahead to ask for a front facing room, this is exactly what we received and the views over the plaza are fantastic. On arrival we were greeted very warmly by the front desk staff and offered champagne to welcome us.The rooms are not huge but adequate in size and exceptionally clean. I was surprised that we were supplied with only 1 (quite rough) bath robe but there were plenty of towels and bathroom accessories.Don't expect an awful lot from the hot breakfast but what they supply for a cold breakfast is fantastic. Also, the free pastries, tea/coffe etc in the principal room is a great touch- as is the free internet access.The only complaint I have is that there is a serious lack of milk for tea/coffee in the hotel and we always had to ask for it. Other than that though, I would happily return for another visit and would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>yodalia
<Content>Loved this hotel! Everything about my stay in this hotel was amazing. The room was nice sized and our view was great. We overlooked a large square and on the weekends we could see street performers outside our window. The interior of the hotel is really beautiful, nice just to look around. The location could not be better. Close to great shopping, and right in the main area of Barcelona. Close walk to major sites. 5 minutes walk to Las Ramblas and 10 minute walk to Gaudi buildings. The reception was extremely helpful, as was the concierge. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ManchesterUKAndy
<Content>Four Day Break "Very Nice" We had a four day break in Barcelona Spain, in June 2007, arrived Monday returned home on the Friday. Hotel was very nicely situated in the city centre on Catalunya Plaza, very easy to get to from the Airport. The bus stops on one side of the plaza and the hotel is on the other side. The Hotel was comfortable without being 鈥榦ver the top鈥? there was one or two minor problems, we arrived at 2pm and the room wasn鈥檛 ready (Check in time is 1pm) staff were apologetic and had the room ready in one hour, and the phone didn鈥檛 work. The room was a twin which about the right size (not large but certainly not small) for this price of hotel, it was very clean and staff were helpful and friendly. The room itself overlooked the plaza. A free bottle of Cava and welcoming letter was left in the room on the first day.Breakfast was between 7-11am with a good selection of food with meats, cornflakes, pastries, toast, juice etc (and you could east as much as you liked) There was free internet access in small lounge with coffee and pastries in late afternoon.There was a cross section of customers, some couples on holiday ( I didn鈥檛 see any children) other were there on business; they were from all around the world. I did not hear of anyone complaining.Basically very comfortable and clean, but the location sells it, La Rambla and all the other Barcelona attractions are within easy walking distance as are some very nice bars and restaurants. I would stay there againAndy, Manchester UK  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Holiday Helper
<Content>When can we go back! This hotel is lovely, central for Las Ramblas, 15 minutes walk from the Port and across the road from the stops for Bus Turistic. Our room was clean and the breakfast was amazing Plenty choice including a glass of cava if you would like one! The hotel had the total package and if you are in floor 'P' you can help yourself every late afternoon to coffee, tea, baguettes, and of course a glass of cava free of charge. Sadly while I was there I fell and ended up in hospital so on return to the hotel I could not carry on with the tourist trips. So to the people who were at the hotel last weekend and could not get any cava my apolgies it was me who drank it all!!!We would certainly go back to this hotel. The staff are friendly and attentive and the City is beautiful  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CITYBREAKERSCAMBS
<Content>What a little treasure.................. Yet again Trip Advisor comes up trumps. This Hotel is a real find not only for it's location but for the sheer value you get for your money. We stayed in a family room on the first floor with added luxury of our own patio! Room adequate and kept spotlessly clean by our maids. Unusually for a 3 * towels were larger and fluffy and plentiful , none of that trying to dry off on a piece of cardboard. The real find here though is breakfast which is large, varied and of a very high quality. Hotel is very well placed with all tourist buses, taxis, Metro and local buses all easily accesible in the very busy square outside. If you sense a rumble in the night it is not an earthquake merely the Metro running some metres under the hotel. Barcelona is a gem of a city with lots to see and do. Make use of the discount vouchers you get with the Tourist bus, the latter is by far the best way to see the many delights on offer. Although we had been warned of pickpockets etc we had no trouble but did take extra care.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Neadog
<Content>excelent location, facilities and staff The location of the hotel is excellent. It's right in the centre and in a pleasant area. It is close to all public transport: buses, trains, metros, tourist buses, and airport bus.The reception staff were extremely helpful and friendly and answered any questions we had. They also spoke excellent English.We had a double room with a sofa bed. A cot with proper baby bed linen was provided for our baby, who was free. The room was a comfortable size and had a good sized balcony/terrace which was a godsend with the baby. At least 4of the 6 rooms on the first floor (Floor P) had access to a similar terrace.Breakfast was included and had a vast choice: yoghurts, pastires, cakes, cereals, cold meats, salads, savoury baguettes, fruit, cooked meats and scrambled eggs. The lounge on floor P had internet access and refreshments avaialable for guests all day long; bottled water, tea, coffee sandwiches, pastries and some cava in the evening.I thought it was excellent value for the location and facilities  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Rachel50
<Content>No bed for us After booking 8 weeks ahead and paying in advance when we arrrived at the hotel at 10.00 in the morning they did not have a room for us..Inexcusable.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drbob193
<Content>Excellent hotel in main square We stayed for three nights in mid April in a room (213) overlooking the square. The rooms are fairly typical city centre hotel rooms. The ones overlooking the square have doors and a small balcony. Other rooms seemed to be smaller and overlook enclosed light wells. The only problem was that the air conditioning was not working when we arrived and the weather was quite warm. We were ok because we could ventilate our room with the French doors, but people staying in the rooms at the back said their rooms were much too warm and ventilation was inadequate. The aircon was fixed for our third night.The staff were very friendly and helpful. We particularly liked the breakfast with a large selection of cold meats, cheeses, breads, fruits and a small hot buffet. There was even Cava available if you wanted it. We also liked the buffet provided in the afternoons / evenings.The computers provided for internet access were very slow, but free.We would thoroughly recommend this hotel and would be happy to stay here again if we come back to Barcelona.One general point - Barcelona does not seem to be anything like as safe as it used to be - we had our camera stolen at a sidewalk cafe and when we went to the police station to get a report for our insurers we were shocked at how many other tourists were there reporting similar thefts. Take very great care of all your personal belongings and valuables in this city!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>AmyLiverpool
<Content>Brilliant hotel in the heart of Barcelona I have recently returned from a short break in Barcelona where I stayed at the Catalunya Plaza with my Mum. The hotel itself is in the heart of Barcelona, in the Plaza at the top of The Ramblas, which is very easy to get to from the airport, just hop on the Aerobus A1 and it taks you directly there for 3.95 Euros. The great location is matched by the friendly staff and lovely rooms in the hotel. Although the rooms are quite small they offer everything you need. Our room had a lovely balcony overlooking the Plaza. In fact my Mum had stayed there in December with friends and had enjoyed her stay so much that she decided to return as soon as she got back. Her positive attitude was partly due to the wonderful breakfast offered, which includes everything you might like such as, hot breakfast, fruit, youghurt, cereals and pastries, but the hotel also offers complimentary wine, cava, tea, coffee and snacks of pastries and sandwiches every afternoon and free internet access! My only reservation would be the noise from staying right on the Plaza, we were fine as in the evenings we could close the double-glazed patio windows, but in the Summer it would be far too noisy to have them open.Overall ,we had a fabulous time in Barcelona, its a great city, and our stay in the Catalunya Plaza couldn't have been better due to the friendly staff, great food and brilliant location. I will definitely recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B40487
<Content>Great stay at H10 Catalunya Plaza       View from balcony  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Montypaws
<Content>Excellent Hotel for Central Barcelona We stayed at the H10 Catalunya Plaza at the beginning of Feb 07 to celebrate a friend's birthday.As previously stated, the hotel is situated on the Plaza Catalunya (obviously) and opposite El Cortes Ingles, so has excellent transport links and is a great place to walk and see the sights from.The rooms, albeit small, were very clean and functional - just what you need for a city break as you don't spend hours in your room, thankfully the walls weren't paper thin and we did not encounter any noise on an evening (except perhaps our own).Although we had to pay for our breakfast, we thought it was well worth doing as there was a good choice (English breakfast items, cold meats, fruit, pastries, cereal etc) and a good price (we got it for half price - 7.5 Euros per person per day).Perhaps the real treat of this hotel was the free cava and wine that was on offer between 1230 and 2100hrs each day along with tea, coffee and mineral water and snacks. Additionally, free internet access was available in the same area - an excellent place to start an evening!I would suggest that if you're interested in tapas, do not visit the marina area - you pay for the location! Do try Le Qinze Nits and it's sister restaurant Le Fonda (?) both located in the Barri Gotic however be aware that you will need to queue on a weekend!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>KahnJC
<Content>Great stay -- very pleased       View of inner courtyard from window  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chocodung
<Content>Good location, clean and basic hotel Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights near X'mas time. Hotel is in good location: just opposite Aerobus and tourist bus station, metro and train station is also very nearby , walking distance to Las Rambles and Avda. Portal de I'Angel. We stayed on second floor facing backyard with no noise problem. Room is basic and clean.Receptionists are friendly and speak good English. There is free internet access at basement level. We paid 80 Euro (room itself) per night considered a good deal.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>DeanoR
<Content>Couldn'f fault, definatly go back !! After reading reviews I discovered that you could get a bus directly from the airport to Place de Catalunya where the hotel is located and indeed this is correct and couldn't be easier or cheaper, for only 3.75 Euro PP we got on the Aerobus which delivered us to the square in about 20mins. Then all we had to do was walk across the square to find our hotel, we were greeted very pollitely and although we didn't get a glass of champagne on arrival we did habe a BOTTLE of it wating in our room - I had not informed the hotel that it was wife's birthday but they given this bottle to celebrate which was a very nice touch. Anyway Location is fantastic, we had a tripple rooom as our young son was with us and this room was fine - but a bit hot towards the end of the day (Air-con not working ?) Breakfast was plentyful and the price was included in our room rate, we got there a bit late on the 2 mornings that we ate and there wasnt much of the english style breakfast left but still enough of other styles of food left to fill my stomach. We didn't find out if they still did the free drinks in the hotel as we got back there too late to sample, but they were never mentioned to us. All in all a really fantastic little break and I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and I would definatly stay here again if we were to re-visit. I contacted the Hotel directly to book and the whole thing could not have been easier, and as for getting around the city this really is a fantasically central location with bus stops and the metro within yards, and many of the attractions were in walking distance anyway. So go and explore and you will enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>eurostar75
<Content>Excellent location and service Stayed here for 3 nights in August 2006 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel was perfectly located for the aerobus drop off - just a short stroll across the Plaza and you were at the door. The reception staff were extremely polite and helpful at all times and there was a constant supply of cava and nibbles on the reception desk. Our room was on the third floor overlooking the plaza so had a great view and we didnt experience any problems with traffic noise etc. The room itself was small, clean and functional - everything you need and great for the price. I tend to judge a hotel by its breakfast (the great breakfast reviews were what sold me on this hotel in the first place) and I wasnt disappointed. The staff were efficient and polite here too. The snacks in the first floor lobby were also excellent - a really nice touch and certainly kept us going until tapas time! Location wise - great for exploring just about every area of the city as its on the brink of las ramblas (very touristy but has to be done once), ciutat vella (find somewhere unexplored every time you enter) and the funky el born (loads of restaurants we simply didnt have time to try). If you arent foot shy then you'll get more of a feel for the place by exploring on foot - we walked miles - although the metro is handy too. Finally, some recommendations for dining out at night - Ginger wine and tapas bar was truly excellent for authentic and novel tapas. Located between Carrer Palma de Sant Just and Carrer Lledo - its a bit hidden away but definitely worth the search. Also worth checking out is origen 99.9% on Passeig del Born. They serve authentic Catalan dishes which are taster sized so you can order a few. Worth going in just to read the menu - more like a magazine with info about the origin of the dishes etc. They have a shop attached too where they have more Catalan goodies on sale. Barcelona def has lots to offer and theres always the beach if you run out of steam. As for the hotel, we would definitely recommend it as it had all the benefits of a well established chain hotel but with a friendly and personal touch.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>my2emeralds
<Content>You can find much better! We spent a week in Barcelona earlier this month. We stayed at Hotel America for 3 nights, then THOUGHT we wanted to be closer to Las Ramblas, so moved to H10 Catalunya. Not a great idea! We were definitely disappointed. The rooms are the smallest I have ever seen anywhere, and the bathrooms are about the size of a closet.The walls were so thin at this hotel, it was absolutely ridiculous! I could hear everything that was going on next to me and above me. Everytime the people above me took a shower or flushed the toilet, I expected a tidal wave to come into my room b/c the sound was so loud! The location is great. It's right in the middle of everything, and there's a subway station just outside of the door. I wasn't very impressed with any of the restaurant choices -- we actually ended up eating at Hard Rock Cafe 3 nights in a row. It was sad! Overall, I think you can find much better than H10 Catalunya. I'd suggest Hotel America. It's about a mile up Las Ramblas, but was a much nicer place and I got it for a steal (100 euros on Expedia).  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AvaSarah
<Content>Loved It Stayed at this hotel for 4 days and had an amazing time!! Reception staff are really freindly, perfect location, clean  everything you need for breakfast. Barcelona is a really nice city  I will be returning  staying at this hotel. Would recomend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mighty-Red
<Content>Great Choice The location of this relatively small hotel on the Placa Catalunya is prime, just roll out in the morning and you're straight onto the Bus Turistic, into the Ramblas or across shopping at El Corte Ingles.Check-in was smooth  quick and the room was a good size for Barcelona. Only niggle was that the air-con was pathetic. Breakfast was superb, and the restaurant not being open in the evening meant you were forced to go to one of the big choice of restaurants locally. (Our favourite was 7 Portes in Barcelonetta, after which the evening is well spent along the harbour area as the Ramblas can get overpowering.)The 1st floor lounge with complementary snacks  internet was a godsend to chill-out between a hard days sightseeing and the late Barcelona dinner.This hotel is thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fieldsy
<Content>Suited me well The reviews I read were mixed but I enjoyed my stay. The room was on the top floor, one floor after the lift finished, and looked out onto a drab yard. Getting up the extra floor was only 3 short flights of 7 steps, and I was seldom in the hotel to see the view so all was fine.Really well placed, on Pla莽a Catalunya, for most things of interest you're likely to want in the city. The breakfast buffet is one of the best I've seen - great display of fruits, cheeses and cold meats. Plus chafing dishes with bacon, fried eggs, scrambled eggs, two types of sausage, and beans. Also bread, preserves, cereals, youghurts etc. Can't think of a potential breakfast item that wasn't available.Clean, tidy, and well serviced. I'd certainly stay there again  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yves.werder
<Content>In the heart of barcelona               
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NikG
<Content>Adequate room, good location and some nice touches.       It's a room. With a bed.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jmp1942
<Content>Ideally situated This hotel is ideally situated for getting around Barcelona and to and from the airport as the bus stops in the square. The tourist buses also depart from there. We arrived too early to check in as we had to be off our cruise ship by 9:30. We were wlecomed by Carmen who spoke perfect english and stowed our suitcases away while we strolled down Las Ramblas. We had booked a room at the front which was spotless and the bathroom had everything you could need, toothbrushes, razor and even a pair of digital scales (who needs that at the end of a luxury 2 week cruise). There was a welcome buffet and free internet access. The breakfast was amazing. All of the staff were very helpful and we will definitely use this hotel again and look for H10 hotels in other places. Barcelona is an amazing place I wish we could have had longer there.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tiny room with many ants The room wasn't available to check-in until late afternoon. Once in the tiny room we discovered it was full of ants. I would estimate there were over 20 to 30 ants on the floor at one time. Telling the front desk attendant about the ants, she seem unconcerned and was suprised this was an issue. Having no other rooms we checked-out and were not charged.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location - perfect hotel Just returned from 2 nights in Barcelona - fantastic hotel. asked for room with view over Plaza and this is what we got (Room 313) The location is perfect, just at the top of Ramblas and ideal for tour bus. What can i say about the hotel which hasn't already been said, clean , great breakfast, great staff and the tea  coffee after a hard days sightseeing was very welcome. Barcelona is a fantastic city. you need more than 2 nights. Went on tour bus on top deck  got sun burn as the weather was very warm (25deg) stopped off at New Stadium for a tour - very good value for money - only 10 euros for full tour. Gothic quarters brilliant and went round at night time - didn't feel intimidated at all - found a great Irish pub called Ryans bar. All in all a great city break and quite reasonable prices. Found nice Pizza restaurant on Ramblas which was very reasonable (on Left hand side not far from top of Ramblas) - go for this hotel and this city - you'll have a fantastic time  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JKnyc
<Content>Ideal location, but tiny room! Like everyone said, the hotel is very centrally located. We were greated by friendly staff at the reception with an offer of free wine. The room: Looking back, we should have asked for a room with a view (after having just read the other reviews here). I think because we didn't have any particulars, they gave us the smallest room they had that faced an airshaft. It was somewhat bitter for us because we had a huge room in Madrid for a third cheaper in price per night, but we dealt with it. The space in room 308 is so tiny that only one person can walk around the double bed at any time without throwing the other person onto the bed! (I felt like we were in a ship cabin.) So if you're considering staying here, do not ask for rooms ending in 8 or 9 (which are the smallest rooms in the hotel, according to their detailed emergency exit floor plan).The breakfast: This was the second highlight of the hotel, after the location. It was a great spread filled with a variety of sliced fruits, hot dishes, cold cuts, cheeses, and pastries. I really didn't expect anything like this in ANY hotel, quite frankly! The dining room was also quite nice, with views out onto the plaza. To sum up, getting that tiny room was a toss-up upon check-in. We could have later complained and asked for a larger room if any were available, but chose not to. Everything else about the hotel was great, so in the end, they cancelled out the tiny room factor (really, how much time are you going to spend in it anyway?)  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Perfecthotelsearch
<Content>Location, Location, Location!! We stayed at the H10 Catalunya Plaza Hotel in March 2006 and it definitely lived up to the reviews I had read about it. It is just fantastic, it is central for everything, buses, aerobuses, metros and RENFE trains, shops, bars and restaurants. On arrival we were greeted by a really nice lad on reception who always went out of his way to speak to us and ask about our stay in Barcelona. Staff were excellent nothing was too much trouble. Rooms were spotless as was the dining room facilities. We have stayed in 4 star plus hotels that did not meet the match of this hotel, well done to everyone who works there!! The breakfast buffet was absolutely fantastic, I have never seen so much choice in food apart from staying at a 5 star hotel in Luxor. The choice of food was amazing and I could safely say allow yourself a good thirty to forty five minutes just to have breakfast. What I really liked was at breakfast you could have a whole pot of coffee and a pot of hot milk (not the skimping 5 star one cup on request nonsense that I have experienced!!) Also the complimentary coffee, tea and cava etc was just great, especially after a hard days touring about, just to go upstairs and unwind with a drink and free internet access to home-it was great-I will definitely be back. Well done again to this hotel for living up to all of its reviews!!! Mrs E Gallacher Aberdeen  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Autrichienne
<Content>Very nice after all. First night we were given a room on the ground floor with NO window and right next to the kitchen.Even though we had asked for a room with a view in advance!As we complained we were moved to a lovely room on the top floor overlooking the placa catalunya.Bathroom was clean and the breakfest was quite alright. They even have free internet access right next to the breakfast room.So no complaints on the second room.I would surely recommend this hotel to family and friends and personally stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastico!!! Stopped here for 3 nights and couldnt have asked for more. Very friendly staff in the hotel and the free internet access and refreshments just added to the personal touch. Breakfast included fresh fruit and also cooked meats and eggs and was a very good choice. I would definetely recommend a stay here and only 2 mins away from Cafe Zurich. Ask for a room with a view over Cataluna Plaza - fantastic  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant location, brilliant hotel! Have just come back from a one night stay at this hotel. It's in a fabulous location, near the shops, near La Ramblas, and near the metrolinks. The staff were very helpful from check-in to check-out. A plus for me was the free internet connection in the bar/lounge enabling me to keep in contact with family (whilst enjoying a complimentary glass of wine or too). My twin room was more than adequate, exactly as shown on hotel websites, and exceptionally clean. Only drawback was that the room allocated to me (on the principal floor) must have been adjacent to the bar next door and, on a Friday night in December, there seemed to be a party going on - loud music, singing, cheering and at 2.00am the sound of chairs and tables being moved, presumable after the party ended! Having said that, I would definitely stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ideal position We stayed in the Catalunya Plaza for three nights 1/12-3/12 and found the ideal location for our break,it is in one of the main squares,near the terminal for the tour bus ,airport transfer bus and the famous Ramblas area. Transfer from the airport is about 20 min depending on traffic and costs 3.60euros. The tour on the bus costs 17E per day or 21E for 2 days which is good value considering that you can get on/off as many times as you want at all the variuos attractions and alternate from the BLUE route to the RED route.Dont miss Gaudys Sagrada Familia, it is breathtakingly beautiful even now and it is not finished yet(another 25 yrs)and Guell Park.Getting back to the Hotel,we followed other reviews on Trip Advisor and asked for a room on the 2nd or 3rd floor and were allocated 213 and it was ideal,overlooking the Plaza , very clean and quite spacious.On the Bar/dining room floor they provided free coffee,wine,cava, cakes, sandwiches from 12noon and the breakfast was adequate.We would thoroughly recommend this Hotel to anyone who wants to visit this beautiful city  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CACTeam
<Content>Location, Location, Location! My husband and I stayed at the Catalunya Plaza Hotel for 5 nights at the end of August. This was the fourth hotel in Barcelona I had stayed in in as many years. I chose this one purely for location [and a few good reviews on this website!] and I certainly wasn't disappointed.I asked for a room overlooking the Placa Catalunya and was given Room 214 - which was perfect. Although the rooms aren't large, it was adequate for our needs and was perfectly clean. It was so lovely after a busy day's sightseeing to stand on our balcony and watch the world go by! Tourists meandered up and down the Rambla while others sat outside the many bars and cafes enjoying a drink or more with friends and family!It was a lovely holiday and the location of this hotel played a large part in making it so enjoyable!The only disappointment we found was the breakfast. There was a large choice of cakes, pastries, yoghurts, fruit as well as sausages and eggs etc. However, the eggs and sausages were almost cold on our first morning and the fresh pineapple had been out so long that it had started to go black. A little more attention to these minor points would have made it just perfect!Although this has no bearing on this hotel, a word of warning to prospective tourists to Barcelona. We saw a young girl below our balcony having her bag stolen early one morning. Although there is a larger police presence this year than I saw on previous visits, I believe the problem is getting worse and although it has been said many times before, please take extra care with your valuables and keep them with you at all times! A wonderful city for a beautiful break! Don't let anyone spoil it!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boo-yeh
<Content>Ideal location... Stayed here for a single night (wife and myself) before picking up a Meditteranean cruise and found it to be in a great location and pretty good value for money.The staff weren't exactly falling over themselves to be friendly but were polite enough and a welcome glass of bubbly is a nice touch - as is the running 'snack' table in the main lounge (Cava, wine, tea, coffee, rolls etc. free of charge).Room was clean, modern and well equipped and they had taken account of my email correspondence - although we couldn't get a Plaza view we had a nice little terrace which was more that adequate compensation.Food was fine - decent breakfast included in the price.If you're in Barcelona for a whistle-stop tour - this place is great. Easy to get to, convenient and right opposite the Plaza where the tourist buses are based.Would definitely recommend...  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and good value Having stayed at the H10 Gravina we decided that we should also stay at another H10 to guarantee quality accommodation. We weren't dissapointed. The hotel is in the best location overlooking Placa catalunya (the only hotel on the square).Our room (312) overlooked the square and was spotless. I booked direct with the hotel back in January and asked for a room overlooking the square only a week before we arrived.Good points:LocationFoodAll day drinks and free cakes/sandwichesInternetBad points:noneYou will not be dissapointed with this hotel unless you get a room at the back like some others. The receptionists were polite although they didn't say much. The room service was excellent.It was very hot in barcelona so making the short walk back to the hotel to cool off was ideal and the airport bus and tourist buses are within sight of the entrance.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location       H10 entrance  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location spotlessly clean, beautiful views. As other reviews have stated before - Location Location Location !! We got off the Aerobus in Catalunya Plaza and this hotel is directly opposite, so a pleasant walk across the bustling plaza and we were there. We were checked in quickly and professionally and offered a glass of Cava. We were given room 211 with a lovely view of the Plaza. The room was average in size spotlessly clean with everything you could need. The breakfast was very nice with a wide variety to chose from. Don't be afraid to ask the waiters for a refill if anything runs out, they were more than happy to help. The reception staff were very pleasant and even offered to recommend nice places to eat and drink.This hotel sits at the top of La Ramblas and is central to all locations. The Bus Turistic sets off where the Aerobus dropped us off so get your ticket at the information centre ( opposite the bus stops on the Palaza) and enjoy the ride! We would definitely use this hotel again as we plan to visit this beautiful city very shortly.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced Overpriced hotel - rooms small, breakfast v average. Good location. Unfortunately when we arrived hotel was over booked. We were moved to another hotel for one night and then back again - a right pain.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>H10 has the best location. After reading many reviews here and elsewhere I was ready for a small room, and I got one, but it was very comfortable. I saw some rooms that were smaller. I had asked for something up high because I like it quiet. I got the 4th floor. The elevator doesn't go to the 4th floor, but the elevator mechanism is on the 4th floor and irritatingly noisy.There's a nice lounge on the 2nd floor with snacks and coffee, tea and water always available. The staff is pleasant and helpful. The breakfast room is lovely overlooking the plaza and there's enough variety to please anyone. I'd definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location After reading many reports we thought we should send ours in. We visited the hotel from the 15th to 17th April. We had a wonderful time. The weather was very good, managed to get a tan in two days. And it was raining at home. We stayed in room 209, which was very small, we managed for two days, any longer would be impossible. The quality of fixtures and fittings was of a high standard. The bed was comfortable, but you could only access it from one side. A little like a bed in a caravan! The room was very clean, but don't expect to have a luxurious soak in the bath, it was very small.  The welcome was friendly and efficient and we were given our glass of champagne without having to ask. The breakfast was comprehensive and service was friendly, the waiter taking time to talk to us later in the day, whilst enjoying the free wine,cava, sandwiches and cakes.Coffee and a selection of teas were also available.  We enjoyed our stay but next time would request a bigger room. Barcelona itself is worth a visit.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>almost excellent selected this hotel after reading previous reviews on this site.just to repeat what a lot of people have said already - this hotel is in an almost unbeatable location (especially, if you are heading to Barcelona for the first time and do not know your way around city yet).likewise, breakfast was excellent (we've got a very good deal - for an extra 3 euros/day we had breakfast for two...saving at least 20 euros/day if we'd have to purchase it separately at a hotel. we reserved directly via main H10 chain website).Now, from the comments here I knew to ask for the room looking over the plaza. Unfortunately, despite repeated email requests and promises 'to do our best' we were still given a room on the 4th floor, looking over some kind of ventilation shaft...(for various unrelated reasons we ended up staying there and didn't ask for a different room). Sizewise it wasn't as bad as some of the super tiny rooms other people reported about, however the elevator was noisy as hell (it doesn't actually get all the way to the 4th floor, so you have to take a couple of flights up on foot). Furnitures and bathroom fixtures were all in great (near-new) condition - no complaints there!All in all, we didn't spend that much time in the hotel outside of nights, breakfast and using the free internet in the common area. Overall, still quite above average considering we knew nothing about Barcelona before arriving.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good hotel       View of Catalunya Plaza from Room 216  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Great       Front view  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>catnipxox
<Content>Perfect I have never written a review about any hotel before but my husband and I spent 5 days at the Cataluyna from 12th feb to the 16th and I have to say it was brillant. I dont hink a hotel could be in a better situation than this one...right in the centre, right beside the tourist buses and The Ramblas.The hotel itself was beautiful, staff were always friendly and we were immediately offered champange when we arrived. Breakfast was geat and it was lovely to come down to the bar area and have a free glass of cava or wine before we headed out at night.Our room was facing the square and had a great view and plenty of room, from the recent reviews on here I honestly think we must have stayed in a different hotel and I can promise you this is a genuine review.All in all we plan to go back to Barcelona again and stay in the H10 Catalunya.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Victoria003
<Content>lovely hotel! Just back from a weekend at this hotel  would thoroughly recommend to anyone wanting really nice hotel in the centre of Barcelona. I booked after reading reviews on tripadvisor  took the advice I'd read about  requested a room with view over the plaza. We ended up with room 214 - it was quite small but clean  well furnished  views over the plaza were great. The staff were really friendly  helpful - they handed us glasses of cava when we checked in  they were more than happy to book taxis for us! The location of the hotel is really good although for nice food I would recommend heading over to Ribeira  Eixample as there were loads of lovely places there. Breakfast was good - lots of choice  breakfast room was a really grand looking room, again with views over the square. Free cava  wine were a huge bonus too!All in all I'd definitely recommend the hotel - I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BanRi
<Content>A bit disappointing My friend and I have just arrived back from Barcelona and we stayed in the H10. I will start with the good points. Great location, pretty much unbeatable directly in the centre with the Old City to the right and the new to the left, great shopping, food and sights. Free cava (sparkling white), Rioja, and snacks all day in the lounge, great view over the Plaza, great breakfast, free internet access, reasonably priced mini bar, excellent showers, very clean rooms. I had expected wonderful things about this place, and like our friend in Seattle, had requested a large room overlooking the square. We arrived a bit weary from our travels, receptionist barely lifted his head, no champagne was offered, I had to ask for it, we were given room 302 as well, TINY, and I don't mean tiny by US standards I mean tiny by Irish standards, plus a window in the top left corner overlooking the atrium i.e. no view. So I went straight down (influenced by previous reports here) and asked for a bigger room overlooking the square with a balcony Sorry nothing today - but I requested it a month ago...Sorry, we'll sort you out tomorrow Which they did and we were given a similar sized room but far more pleasant with a great view. Reception was by and large quite unfriendly and unprofessional and very reluctant to do anything. We asked for a restaurant to be booked and there was sighing and huffing. It lashed rain on our second night and the reception just refused to call a taxi for us, saying they wouldn't come, so we had to walk to the restaurant. I noticed the tone of the place improved on the Monday which tells me that this is really a business travellers' hotel. When I read some of the reviews here I wonder are they genuine. This place was fine, but I wouldn't stay here again. It has also taught me that you can plan and plan but you can never be sure what you'll get. Even with a great website like TripAdvisor.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Peterboroughtraveler
<Content>Not brilliant Location of hotel was excellent. Stayed with my daughter in hotel and got straight of the aerobus and really good for tourist buses. English on the television channels was news channels - so not very good when you have a 9 year old. Room 106 DO NOT take - the window is not openable and is frosted! Air conditioning is not on in the winter and rooms were too hot! Asked to change rooms which they did and the window did open but only onto a noisy air shaft - so again no natural light. Room and bathroom extremely small and fittings and furnishings getting on the old side. Breakfast was very good but cooked breakfast was not very warm so would advise sticking to the cold selection - which was plentiful. Free hospitality drinks and snacks are good but not topped up on a very regular basis and therefore often there was nothing to have. Would not recommend it apart from location.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful When booking this hotel, I had no idea it would be so good! The location was perfect, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the 24-hour free champagne and wine service was definitely a plus! We had a room facing the square and inspite of all the traffic below, we didn't hear a sound! We have stayed at many European hotels and this, by far, is the best. We felt like we were at a 5-star hotel but only paid for a 3-star! I definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings - would not recommend Stayed 7 nights in Feb 2005 based on reviews on this sight. Starting with the positives...Excellent location, easy walking access to most sights, right on metro and train lines. Great airport access (we took the train) but buses are convenient too. Clean and well appointed except for an odd smell in the stairwell. Great breakfast with a very large selection of foods from eggs to cheese, meats, fruit, cheese, breads, juice, cereal and desserts. A good value for the price.Common area offered wine, cava, coffee, tea and snacks as well as 2 pc's with internet access. They were not replenished to frequently, so if you want cream with you coffee, you may be out of luck. Sometimes the iternet stations were being overly used by unattended children who spent quite a bit of time in chat rooms with their friends. Neutral on the staff, they were not overly friendly and sometimes did not even look up from the desk as you walked in and out of the hotel. When asked they were helpful but not too forthcoming or too terribly excited that you were staying there. Now for the negatives...the rooms are tiny! even for european standards. I've been in Amsterdam, London, Paris, Rome, Florence, Milan and Venice. These were the smallest rooms I've have even been in. The rooms we received were about half the size of the room pictured on their web sight. Based on previous remarks on trip advisor I realized this may be a problem so I tried to mitigate this before our trip. I noted in comments when I reserved the room over the net that I would like a large room similar to the one on the website. I telephoned the hotel 2 weeks before I arrived and again requested a large room. A view was not important but size was since I was staying for 7 nights (which is a long time for traveling). I also emailed the hotel directly a few times to confirm my reservation and again requested a larger room. I never received a reply.Due to our flight arrangements we did not arrive until after 18:00. We were given the famous room 209. Extremely tiny and stuffy with the bed pushed up against the wall, the bathroom was very tight, the window opened to a shaft that had no access to the outdoors. It was very difficult for 2 people to pass without knocking the other person over onto the bed and we are both skinny people. After seeing the room I requested to be moved and was told that it would be only one night and the next day we were to pack our luggage and they would move us to a different room. The next day that did not happen and all the front desk could say is that there were no other rooms available even though we were told the night before it would be no problem. They told us the person should have never told us we can move rooms. We were told to check back tomorrow. We inquired again and were told that there were no rooms but to check back later. Finally the next day they rather reluctantly suggested that there would be another room available and we could check back later to see it. Well, it was slightly bigger than the first room, it had 2 small beds and a view of an interior alley but it at least had air circulation to the outside. We decided to cut our losses and take this room, it was 302. It seemed that most of the large rooms were given to families or people that spoke spanish. That's all fine except when we booked the room we were not even given a choice, all the double rooms were charged the same which to me is not fair. Certain people lucky enough and others have to suffer. If you are willing to gamble and hope for a better room this hotel would be fine. I would not, especially since the 2nd room was not that much better than the first, and that we felt we were putting the staff out by requesting a better room. I would not have minded to much if we were there 1 or 2 nights, but staying 7 nights you would expect a bit more accommodation. I felt I did everything I could before hand to make this experience not happen, but obviously it did not matter. Unless you can arrive earlier in the day and hope that someone is checking out of a decent room when you are checking in, I would not recommend this hotel. There are so many more choices right in the same area.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>brendac
<Content>Great Hotel, Great location, Just great Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights with my husband for a long weekend break. You can get the bus from the airpot and it drops you across the rd (last stop) for only 3 euro each approx. Hotel brill location walk everywhere! Hotel is really spotless. Receptions staff very friendly. Free tea/coffee/wine/internet from noon everyday, oh and cakes! Room nice and cosy, wooden floors, few cracks in bathroom tiles but other then that perfecto. mini bar is ok... beer 2.30 each... Get a room with view of plaza with balcony. Book via their website to save money and ask for front room!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>desiderius_erasmus
<Content>Single travelers beware I stayed at the Catalunya Plaza in November. Its location can hardly be bettered, and good points too for the breakfast buffet, the free internet access and the complimentary drinks during the day. The accomodation, however, was very prison-like: small room, dark, small bed, window overlooking the very noisy generator (or something the like). I couldn't sleep with the window closed for lack of air, and had to put earplugs. I stayed in the hotel for six nights and asked for a room with a plaza view, but these were, alas!, only for double occupancy. A larger room was not possible either. Not for the claustrofobic traveller...  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sxs0797
<Content>Great location, great service. Ask for room with overlooking view of the plaza. Based on many good and positive reviews here, we decided to stay at the Hotel Catalunya Plaza from Dec.4 to Dec.8. What a great location! This hotel could be the closest hotel from the Catalunya Plaza Aerobus bus stop. First night we stayed at the room number 401. We were a little bit dissapointed with the room because we wanted to have a room overlooking the plaza. Also, the room was close from the elevator, so we could hear some noise each time someone took the elevator. We had a chance to peek a single room on the same 4th floor, it was very small and dark. I would ask for room below the 4th floor.Usually, I don't like to complain about the room which is assigned initially, (I hate confrontation...), but I asked the receptionist, and the next morning he changed our room to the room number 215. What a difference! We loved there better. Yes, the room is still small, but the view was nice. Just like other trip advisors said, there were 2 PCs with free fast internet connection, free drinks, coffee, cakes and snacks. You would not expect these service from 3-star hotel! Breakfast was very nice. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Barcelona is great. Yes, everybody talks about Las Ramblas, but in our opinion, Passeig Gracia was better. Oh yes, on the first sunday of the every month, Museu Picasso (Meseum Picasso) is free admission!! (but it would be very crowded). If you love Picasso, Gaudi or Miro, you gotta be there!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gregoryrobbo
<Content>Excellent locale  We stayed for 7 nights at the Catalunya Plaza. The location could not be bettered, central for everything, including all transport links. Although graded as a 3 star hotel, I feel this grading is rather on the mean side! Although our room was not front facing, it was of a good size, had all required amenities, with a separate sitting area with TV. Added surprise was a private outside patio area with table  chairs which, thanks to Barcelona's fantastic climate even in November, we could make use of for a quiet drink. All hotel staff could speak English and were extremely friendly and helpful. This was our visit to Barca, but we will definitely return and would certainly stay at the Catalunya Plaza again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Spot.... We have just spent 3 great nights at this hotel, the location on one corner of the Plaza is perfect for those looking to explore the sights  delights of thisgreat city. Transport from the airport could not be easier just take the Aero-bus from outside the arrivals hall  20mins later your in the Plaza just walk across the plaza  your in the hotel! [Please be aware the Aero-bus only accepts notes up to 20 euro, the fare was 3.45euro] they run every 11mins.We asked in advance for rooms overlooking the plaza  they were again perfect as were all aspects of this small hotel, the free drinks  internet access were very welcome.  The tourist bus is a great way the see the sights, the 2 day ticket is better value plus you get a book of discount tickets for many of the attractions, there is so much to see  do we'll have to return to continue! hopfully to the Cataluya Plaza....  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DanOwe
<Content>Loads of Character and Charm! We stayed here for 5 nights in Sept 2004. Most of the staff spoke english but all were very helpful regardless. The breakfast variety was outstanding. As written in previous reviews the rooms are exceptionally small, not more then 10 X 15 feet. However, with some simple improvisation it was easy to overcome. The hotel location is perfect for visiting all the major sights. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect I chose this hotel as I was taking my 84 year-old mother, so we needed to be close to the tour buses, airport link etc. We could not have chosen better- everything starts in Plaza Catalunya including La RamblaThe room was small- we had an ordinary one- only 7 out of 40+ are large rooms- but it was spotless, with very comfortable beds, adequate storage space and a full bathroom. A nice touch was the fresh flowers, and bottle of Cava on our first evening. It was also very quiet.The staff were helpful and courteous, and the buffet breakfast was wonderful- everything hot and cold you could imagineThe bar had comfortable sittting area supplied from 11am to 11pm with tea coffee Cava red wine and also rolls and cakes- great for a quick lunch or tea when taking a rest from the cityAll in all an excellent hotel- I am hoping to return  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Even Better Location Stayed there in August 2004 - very clean, modern hotel and the staff were very helpful and willing to advise you on the best places to go and how to get there. The location was great - the hotel is on the square right next to where La Ramblas starts, very close to the famous street but not on La Ramlas itself which can be noisy 24 hrs a day. Transport links from the hotel are excellent - the Airport bus and the tourist bus drop off and depart from Plaza Catalunya. Good value all round.Excellent buffet brekfast with a vast selection of foods. Only downfall was that the room was very small - but the location made up for this.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajmickelso
<Content>Excellent Barcelona Hotel Nothing to say but positives for this hotel. Staff was extremely helpful and customer service oriented. Loved the free internet access and water/coffee/snacks. Room was tiny, but completely adequate. Noise for us was not a problem.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sue.Stu
<Content>Couldn't fault it Wow - what a find. Right in centre. Caught blue bus outside airport and it took us almost to the hotel door for 3.45 euros each. Breakfast fab - even had smoked salmon and cava if you can stomach that first thing in the morning. Cava. red wine, donoughts, pastries, coffee and tea available all day long to serve yourself - free. Our room was ok, but we did hear someone complaining about their room being small - they were moved to a bigger one though. Couldn't fault the hotel - even price reasonable - cheap actually at 150 euros = vat each room per night. Brill Brill Brill  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zs29
<Content>Great Hotel in a great location This hotel was amazing! Location is key and this hotel in right in the middle of it all...close to metro, train from airport, tour busses, shopping, and Las Ramblas. Staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast buffet in the morning was delicious and at no add'l cost. Free internet on site was helpful. I got a room on the top floor overlooking the plaza and heard barely any noise. Rooms are decorated nice and a good size. I highly recommend this hotel and would love to go back there in the future.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nyny
<Content>great little hotel, great location This was a great little hotel, right in the middle of all the action. I was a little nervous when we arrived, since it's located right on a plaza, and I figured we would need earplugs in order to sleep, but we spent a week there and never had our sleep interrupted by any noise. Our room was larger than the average European hotel room. But the best part of this hotel is where it's situated. It's a block away from the top of the Ramblas, and that alone made this a hotel I will definitely keep coming back to. The room was super clean, the decor was classy, the breakfast (addt'l cost) was really yummy, and the staff really went out of their way to make sure we were attended to. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excelent hotel This is a very good hotel. Excelent location for alomost everything. The rooms where good, not to large. Breakfast was very good. Frendly staff.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tiny room The location of the hotel is excellent and is ideal for getting to and from the airport. Catalunya Plaza itself is a delight and the setting couldn't be better. The view from the breakfast room is lovely. However, the room we were allocated was tiny - little more than a cupboard. The bath was miniscule and there was barely room to swing a cat. The window looked out onto a wall which was not pleasant, although the room was perfectly clean and tidy. The hotel staff were very nice and efficient and the breakfast was enormous. You really got your money's worth! I would return but I would definitely specify what size room I wanted as the hotel website shows much bigger rooms.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>clean and very best location! we stayed at the h10 for four nights at the beginning of our honeymoon in oct. 2003. the first night they had us in a room that we had to step over our luggage to go to the bathroom and had a view of the alley so i was a bit disappointed however, i let the front desk know that we were a little unhappy about it and the next day when we came back from walking around, our bags were in a bigger room with a little balcony overlooking plaza catalunya, and it was just what i was hoping for! the rooms are small but very clean, (i'm a germ freak) the bathrooms are cute and roomy compared to the room size. the breakfast was included and was pretty good we ate there every morning. LOCATION!!! this is THE location to be. access to every kind of transportation, subway, bus touristic (a bus that stops at all tourist spots you might want to see in barcelona one fee and they provide maps and info on barcelona as you approach each stop) and the plaza is at the end of las ramblas very central near so much! starbucks is a block away if you need it, the front desk sent us to a pricey restaurant for paella so i think they might be incahoots because we found several places around that probably are just as good for less. try to find va de vi and have appetizers and wine it's a cool place that looks like a cave that a local told us about. txapela has good tapas and is a couple blocks away most places have an english menu if you ask. great hotel location just ask for a room facing the plaza. a lot of the stores open around 3 or 4 in the afternoon and have metal doors so the alleys look industrial during the day but evening is the best so take naps early and get back out by 3! if you want day excursions, go see charles and tracey at STA excursions c/vidre 7 (right off plaza reial). anyway, have fun, barcelona is awesome!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BayAreaCouple
<Content>What a find in Barcelona! My husband and I just spent three nights at this gem of a hotel. Excellent location in the heart of everything - the Metro stop is 30 yards out the front door. The breakfast spread is amazing - served in a lovely room with more food choices than you can imagine. The rooms are small be warned. We were lucky to be given the only room on the fifth floor, a relatively larger room. The bad news is that the elevator only goes to the third floor. So if you get a room on the 4th or 5th floor, be prepared to schlep your bags up a couple flights of stairs. Most friendly staff. Loved the free internet connection.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel is GREAT We loved the H10 Catalyuna Plaza Hotel!!! Stayed there in mid-May 2004. We had a large room on the first floor with a small patio (I think it was triple but we paid for only a double). The location was perfect. You can't beat the free wine and champagne. The staff was very friendly. We would highly recommend this hotel!!   
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bambi
<Content>Nice hotel that served its purpose We stayed here for 3 nights in March 04. It is a small hotel and indeed our room was tiny! Saying, this, the decor was tasteful and it was extremely clean. The size wasn;t too much of a problem as there was room for our bags and things and we didn't stay in too much!We had requested a quiet room and indeed the only noise we experienced was the morning cleaners who made a rackett. the downside of our quiet room was the view - which was a wall! the breakfast was good, although we didn't eat much due to eating so late in the evening. We often didn't start eating until 10 or 10.30pm. This is the norm in barcelona and you may want to consider choosing a cheaper option without breakfast.The hotel is in a fanstatic location and next to metro so getting around was no problem. I wouldn't say it was great value for money as the room was so small, but I guess you pay for the location. The nice little extras like champers on arrival and fresh flowers were sweet, but give me a bigger room any day!I would stay again, but I'd definately look into other options first.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, fantastic location What a great hotel. Right in the middle of Barcelona, we went there by train from the airport -it cost about ?1 each and the metro station we arrived at was about 50 yards from the hotel. Champagne on arrival, clean rooms, great breakfast, friendly staff, reasonable price. We could not believe that there was an ongoing supply of champagne (as well as tea, coffee, red wine and cakes) - but there was. We were very impressed.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for a weekend getaway This is a great hotel for exploring the city over a weekend. Rooms are small for the price we paid but this was more than compensated by the great service and the excellent breakfast.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really great hotel Our large family group required four rooms.... they were all great and the staff's attention was tremendous. This is a small, well located hotel that will not disappoint in any way. Our rooms were small but we loved them as the storage space was more than enough and they were always spotless--looked after twice a day by a friendly housekeeping staff. We had a balcony looking out onto the lovely Plaza and the windows were very well sound proofed. The breakfast room was lovely and the little lounge area with round-the -clock complimentary snacks and beverages was appreciated. Free internet too. We loved our week there--no complaints.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fantastic hotel! I have just returned from one nights' stay (with my better half) in this fabulous hotel in the heart of Barcelona. This hotel is located in the most convenient part of town, near to the metro, bus turistic and the airport bus.When we arrived at the airport we jumped on the airport bus and 20-25 minutes later we were in Plaza Catalunya. The hotel is located on the opposite side of this beautiful square. We were greeted by a friendly receptionist who let us check into our room two hours before the usual check-in time.When we got back to our hotel that evening, I found an envelope on the bed with my name on it. I thought that it contained the invoice for outstanding amount I had to pay on the room but I was wrong...the note was a handwritten message saying Welcome to the Hotel Catalunya Plaza - we hope you enjoy your stay with us!!  That was a very pleasant surprise and a wonderfully personal touch.We were really happy with our twin-bedded room which was clean and spacious with everything you need for your stay. This includes a spacious marble bathroom, adequate clothes cupboard, sofa, desk, satellite TV, etc.As for the buffet breakfast, well, that was absolutely amazing!! They cater for all tastes including cereals, bacon, sausages/chorizo, eggs, toast, etc then you have the mini rolls with a selection of cheeses/vegetables, then we have the danish pastries/croissants etc and then, as the perfect finale, we have the cake section which consisted of the most fantastic cheesecake/chocolate cake etc etc!! Needless to say we attempted to try a little of everything but it was impossible!!The hotel is within easy walking distance of Casa Battlo, La pedrera and, if you're up to it, La Sagrada Familia. Alternatively, the Bus Turistic is a fantastic way to see the sights and you can catch either the north or south route from the square outside. We also used the Metro on a couple of occasions which is also located a few feet away from the hotel.In summary, this hotel is great and I thoroughly recommend it!!!What are you waiting for?!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spent there new year's holiday - loved it!! Just came from the long week-end end of year festivities - for a 3 stars hotel it should be at least 3 stars plus.(Like the Strand Palace in Londn)Loved the display in the bathroom with the flowers. the efficient hot strong shower, the small bath (in my compact single room)to sooth my legs at the end of my endless Barcelona strolls, the hard mattress, to which I had to adjust (they say it is better for your spine..) the controlled air-conditioner, the amicable reception guys, and the huge baroque of a breakfast facing the Plaza, in a rococo style, like in some Spanish palace, which is another endelss source of little pleasures, including an old fashion soda syphon bottle, dringks, pastry (lved the cheese cake)to scrambled eggs, small panini sandwiches. fresh vegetables to mention a fes. Even the elevator keeps the respect for days past - it is a modern one placed in sort of fences in early 20th century Parisian or Barcelona's style, Location is just perfect - I will come back there! And finally, I did get a welcome card from the manager, as I was booked twice during my 5 nights Barcelona stay - nice!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BringHomeTroops
<Content>Fantastic Location, Great Place!   showReview(1527745, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tadvisoruser
<Content>Good location but disappointing   showReview(1513491, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>November delight   showReview(1481012, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBBelfast
<Content>Excellent hotel in central Barcelona   showReview(1142436, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In the heart of Barcelona   showReview(1101341, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel es impecable y muy...   showReview(22823006, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel,camere...   showReview(22459419, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Troppo costoso per cio' che...   showReview(22285801, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La posizione 猫 eccellente e la...   showReview(22049417, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 in una posizione...   showReview(21444263, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Okiya
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(20453347, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Este hotel esta muy bueno...   showReview(20743991, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Este hotel se merece una alta...   showReview(20715001, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le stanze dell'hotel sono un...   showReview(19998075, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L' albergo e' all' inizio della...   showReview(19492916, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel extr锚mement bien situ茅...   showReview(18411198, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le H10 cataluniya est...   showReview(16731284, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gioambrosio
<Content>Sono molto soddisfatto       L'Hotel  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>valivali
<Content>Centralissimo   showReview(15349011, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comodo per raggiungere le...   showReview(16730582, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in zona ottimale infatti...   showReview(16727131, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>optimal f眉r eine St盲dtereise   showReview(15572737, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo molto comodo centrale...   showReview(16726406, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situ茅   showReview(14736144, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>barretina_viatgera
<Content>Totalmente recomendable   showReview(14285253, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hote esta cituado sobre la...   showReview(13748356, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mppreus
<Content>c茅ntrico, bonito y de trato amable       ba帽o nuevo  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL TRES BIEN LA CHAMBRE MOINS BIEN   showReview(13203457, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel   showReview(13203456, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 situato in pieno...   showReview(13481398, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situato nel cuore di...   showReview(13189276, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Salve,l'hotel 猫 in una...   showReview(13163357, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein seht kleines zimmer Ohne...   showReview(12652240, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Zimmer war w盲hrend unseres...   showReview(12649010, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 in un'ottima...   showReview(11404116, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11312675, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>central et calme,   showReview(11312674, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>geeignet f眉r St盲dtetouristen   showReview(11312673, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Despues de un inconveniente a...   showReview(11404121, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 in una posizione...   showReview(11404119, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 molto bello...   showReview(11404122, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gilles.crochet
<Content>hotellerie magnifique mais restauration 脿 am茅liorer   showReview(8703048, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo,da consigliare!!! Se...   showReview(11404123, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(11454164, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>centro del mondo   showReview(11411203, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 avec stations m茅tro, bus et bus direct a茅roport   showReview(11411201, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 ottimo sotto tutti...   showReview(11404124, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅 pour shopping et vieille ville   showReview(11411200, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, anche se siamo...   showReview(11404125, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima location, non c'猫 la...   showReview(11404117, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consiglio a tutti questo...   showReview(11404126, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione...   showReview(11404127, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situation id茅ale et Confort, deux atouts indispensables pour contribuer 脿 la r茅ussite d'un week end   showReview(11395757, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅, cet hotel...   showReview(11404129, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in ottima...   showReview(11404128, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel, bien placer, et tres bon acceuil.   showReview(11387816, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il prezzo indicato su Venere...   showReview(11404131, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueil sympathique, d茅co...   showReview(11404130, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in una posizione...   showReview(11404118, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Non conosco i servizi...   showReview(11404132, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, bella...   showReview(11404134, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Notevole cortesia...   showReview(11404135, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tres sympathique et super...   showReview(11404136, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Malgr茅 la r茅servation faite 5...   showReview(11404137, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho soggiornato molto bene...   showReview(11404138, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes St盲dtereisehotel...   showReview(11404140, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'accueil et le service de...   showReview(11404141, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ubicazione ottima. Le stanze...   showReview(11404142, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccellente: salvo il giorno...   showReview(11404143, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偪銉兗銉嬨儯搴冨牬銇潰...   showReview(19923316, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s sympa, bien situ茅...   showReview(11404144, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel war insgesamt eine...   showReview(11404145, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偪銉兗銉嬨儯搴冨牬杩戙亸...   showReview(19921108, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 elegante ed in...   showReview(11404146, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偪銉兗銉嬨儯搴冨牬銇潰...   showReview(19919698, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel, gute Lage...   showReview(11404147, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

