<Author>kengaroo
<Content>Not what I expected...in a bad way! Booked 2 nights here, one night at either end of a vacation. Stayed the night on a Friday before an early Saturday morning flight. Checkin was very good, staff at that point were simply great. Based on the reviews posted on here, I expected a great nights sleep with the raves about the new beds and how comfy they were. I am convinced someone who works at this hotel wrote those reviews!! The bed we had (queen) was new maybe, but hard as a rock. It hurt my ribs to lay on my side more than one minute...something I have never experienced...even when laying on a hard floor. Having been to numerous countries, I have experienced some pretty uncomfortable beds. This bed was by far...the worst. I believe what made it so bad, was the pillows they had. They felt like feather pillows...very soft to touch and squeeze. But place your head on it, and they went flat..very flat, stayed flat...felt like sleeping on a sandbag. I never did get to sleep.I gave up at 2:30 am...my body now racked with pain...as if I had been hit by a truck. Have never experienced any kind of bed that actually made my body ache and hurt from laying on it for that short a period of time. Went to the lobby to get a cup of their 24 hour coffee. It was indeed very good coffee...that part was great. Stepped outside the lobby doors to have a smoke, and heard the doors lock behind me. Wasn't sure why that was, but had my key, so no big deal. Watched in amazement as this kid (23?) comes running across the street and right up to the lobby door entrance where I am standing. In pursuit is a white mustang car with 2 thugs in it threatening to kill this guy. I honestly got spooked and decided to step back in and get out the way in case something happened. Guess what...couldn't get back in! No place to put your key and open the doors. Had to wait for the guy on duty to respond to open the door (slow as all heck!) and only after I had convinced him I actually had a room there??? Got brave again after the mustang and thugs took off, and the guy left the front of the hotel. Stepped back out to have another cup of that really good coffee with another smoke...had to calm my nerves! I'm halfway done with my coffee, when up walk 4 young guys...totally hammered. They just hung outside and smoked and joked about the night they just had. Turns out they were military...stationed in Hawaii...on leave I suppose? They were actually very nice guys...although very drunk. They decided to go into their room...again after a couple minutes of trying to convince the guy on duty behind the desk that the hotel keys they were showing were real...and for that hotel. They got about 7 or 8 steps toward the elevator when one of them turns and runs for the door to go outside again. Guess what's coming next?? Yep...barely got the door open, and he just starts puking all over the enrtyway of the lobby just outside the doors. Honestly hurled like for 3 or 4 minutes...a real mess to say the least. Sad to say...at this point I was amused. I began to wonder just what the heck kind of place was this I had booked a room...for 2 nights!! I managed to mostly step around the puke and get back in to the hotel...the night guy knows me by now and just unlocks the door without the formal proof of room rental there. I leave at 4am...FINALLY! I check out and head for the door with my luggage in tow...only to be greeted with this huge pile of puke that there is still no way to get around without having the ability to jump 8-10 feet with luggage in flight. I couldn't believe the lazy desk guy had not at least hosed the mess out of the way...it was a huge mess and he did NOTHING! I asked him how I was to get out without getting the puke on my shoes or luggage, and he simply rolled his eyes and went back into his little room off the back of the front desk. I couldn't believe it! Yes...I got puke on my shoes, simply no way around it without jumping over it....impossible with luggage. Did I mention I had booked a room there for the night after my flight returned....and had already paid for it? Yep I did. Got back into Seattle at 12:30am...dead tired. Even though it had been reserved, and paid for...I drove right on by without even thinking of spending the night there. You could not have paid me to stay there that night...or ever again. And no, I am not making one bit of this up...all true! And you guys that work there at this place...I know you read these reviews because we discussed the rave reviews about your beds at check-in...you really need to find some better night help if nothing else. The night being discussed here was 10-24-2008. All I can say is the coffeee was good....but at $154 a cup in my case...it really should be good coffee!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	5	1	-1	

<Author>Desparately_seeking
<Content>Excellent budget option in Seattle We enjoyed our stay at the Travelodge in Seattle. We did have a few issues, but nothing major and we actually extended another two nights.Pros:- Good size rooms- Large king beds- Really comfy, new linens, duvets and hundreds of pillows- New carpets and nice hallways- Good cable TV service with on demand films, TV programmes- Friendly staff- Free parking- Coffee in reception was actually drinkable- Good location for Space Centre and about a 10-15 minute walk to downtown- Good value, we paid 拢50 inc tax weekday and 拢65 at the weekend- Excellent local pizza delivery place called Bambinos - fresh, homemade and deliciousCons: - We had a downstairs room which smelt really musty and was damp - we didn't bother to ask to move as we spent little time in our room- Bathrooms are a little grungy - they need redoing and the towels were thin- Heating/air con unit was a blast from the past - it just about heated the room up but it was like a jet engine taking off - you could hear everyone elses too- Although the location was good, it was a little 'lively' at night. Having a ground floor room, we were a little distracted by the locals having street races and generally hanging out on a Friday/Saturday night. Probably congragating round the nearby McDonalds. - Housekeeping staff pretty noisy in the morning if you're trying to have a lie in- Breakfast usual free continential buffet but the room is tiny and you're not supposed to take it back to your room (although I sneaked it on a couple of occasions).- They advertise a self-service laundry but looked surprised when I asked to use it (I had run out of pants). Still never got an answer as to why they have it in their in room brochure and website and yet it doesn't exist in the hotelI'd say this is a very good value budget option for Seattle with a car. You can't really get the location with free parking for less. But go for a room higher up and just make sure you don't need to do any laundry!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>scrapper77
<Content>Great continental breakfast We stayed for 2 nights and it was just okay. You can see that they have really made an effort to renovate, but there are still a few touches needed. For example, the bedding is all new, but the carpeting is still old, the bathrooms still need painting and look grungy, plus the elevators have a funny smell. When we arrived 2 hours before check-in they didn't have any rooms available. However, there is free parking, and they are located close to the Space Needle (only a few blocks away). It is about a 15-20 minute walk to Pike Market, and the front desk staff suggested a great place to eat. But if you are considering booking a room, shop around for rates but then call them directly. We would have saved about $30CAD/night if we called them directly (we know this because Expedia charged us when we booked the room in August, then the hotel accidentally charged us after we checked out). They also do not have a 1-800 number if you are trying to contact the hotel directly and the reservation line (which is a 1-800 number) cannot transfer you. The free continental breakfast is great - they have a variety of foods and you can make your own waffles! The pool looked nice, but we didn't get a chance to use it.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	2	5	

<Author>PacificRimCuisine
<Content>Loved the Renovations, New Bedding and Manager I stayed at this Travelodge in December 2007 (no comment) and again on September 4th.... BIG BIG BIG Difference, the Bedding - OMG like staying at a Hilton, the docor... like a possible trendy hotel, the new manager..... very friendly, knowledgeble, passionate.... new hotel, new staff and I am a believer now... I came back by not much choice and is very happy that I did.Free Parking and just a block from the Space Needle and Monorail.... and the breakfast..... Wow! I recommend this hotel to my mother.....  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lemson
<Content>Not bad Stayed here with my girlfriend for one night.It has great location for the Space Needle, it's about a five minute walk although not sure about how far from dowtown.The hotel itself was nice and clean and the room and bathroom were a good size.There was also a small pool and an excellent complimentary breakfast along with free wifi.Our main complaint was the rude service we received from the front desk upon arrival and when checking out. The man/teenager that checked us in was quite ignorant and rude.Overall we would of been happy to stay in this hotel longer if we had been in Seattle longer.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>Nanioid
<Content>Good location, but average hotel My family and I stayed at this hotel for six nights in May. The hotel is still undergoing renovations. The best and worst things about the hotel are its location. It is very close to the space needle (about three blocks away). It's also about a 5-10 minute walk from Lake Union. The neighborhood felt fairly safe during the daytime. I'm not sure if I would walk it at night. There were a few transients in the area. It didn't seem to us as if there were very many restaurants close by. The room was very small, but did seem as if it had been recently renovated. The remote controls for the tv were very simplistic, so that you had to scroll through each channel rather than being able to simply enter the channel you wanted. The free internet in the lobby was cool, but they ask you to limit your time to 15 minutes. The breakfast sucked! I'm still trying to figure out how they can say it has 26 items. The eggs were like hard biscuits and nothing had flavor to it. It was mainly bread, waffles, bagels, and danishes. The hotel staff seemed uninterested. You can hear everything that goes on above you and in the rooms next door.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>AnaOnRoute
<Content>Nice hotel and good service! We just returned from our 7-days stay at the Travelodge Seattle by the Space Needle and we really enjoyed our vacation at this hotel. The staff was very obliging and I really liked the 24 hour Coffee in the lobby. We had a two doublebed-room for two people and it was okay, the bathroom was great, very light and clean and the shower was super. I also liked the Express Check-In/ Check-Out and the free-internet in the lobby. We had no car during our stay but we reached most of the sightseeing spots of Seattle by foot and those outside Downtown by bus. If you don't want to walk much, you can also take the monorail to get downtown. The Space needle and the EMP and SciFi Museum are only a few minutes away and you can also reach Belltown within 10 minutes, where you can find many nice small restaurants and bars. All things considered I can recommend this hotel for tourists who want to see much of the city and stay at a good and advantageous hotel.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lizmartau
<Content>hmm the jury's out The hotel is undergoing renovations, which is fine and will make for a better hotel, but some of the desk staff were really indifferent to rude. Offering 24 hour coffee in the lobby and wireless internet access in the room was appreciated. The 26 item breakfast didn't allow anything for someone wheat intolerant as I am and I was sorry to have asked if there were an alternative cereal in the stores.. :(Some of the desk staff were okay but for a business making its money in..er..tourism..the attitude of some of the others could well have been improved.Great location though! Being right at the foot of the space needle means the monorail into the city centre is right there as well, so makes for quick trips.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>RikiTikiNiki
<Content>Not bad. We stayed for two nights, last minute, and we needed downtown. TLBTSN was the cheapest on Expedia. The elevator had some issues involving the door, but we just took the stairs. Our room was small for two double beds, but the bathroom was beautiful and warm. It's quite apparent that they no longer approve of smoking in the rooms(they even make you sign an agreement), and you can tell why. One bed had multiple strange black marks (burns?) on the blanket, and the room was stuffy. Fortunately we were spending only a few sleeping hours there, so no big deal. The continental breakfast included waffles, toast, sausage and eggs, coffee, juices, bagels, pastries, cereal, and fruit. Yum! The room was clean and practical; if you're in town for a weekend and just need a place to crash, it was in a great location.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	5	2	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Airlea
<Content>Terrified I had done some brief research before hand before settling on this hotel for the night. Big mistake. I walked in and it was dark  dingy. That should have been my first warning. After booking a room (I was running late for my meeting) I went up in the elevator to the 4th floor (thought it was safest up there) and I thought the elevator was going to break down on the way up. After getting into the hotel room I locked the door and looked around. There was a weird smell which I wasn't able to pin-point until about 15 minutes later when someone was trying to get into my room. I identified that it was a maintenance man before I let him into the room. He tried to explain to me that the carpets had to be steam cleaned because the people before me made a little mess. A little mess should not require steam cleaning! I sucked it up and wouldn't ask for another room because my thought is it could only get worse. I left for my meeting and came back around 11:30 pm, promptly went up to the room, threw both locks on the door and even put a chair against the door. Heat? Don't think so... it was a heat/air conditioning box by the window that was so loud you couldn't sleep with it on. The night was restless and I woke up several times because I was cold. The sheets were clean, the bed was nice, but the bedspread smelt like vomit and the other one had cigarette burns in it. I promptly left at 8am and didn't even bother to stay for their new continental breakfast. I was too frazzled to complain (I've sent a letter to the head office) on the spot. Made it home 3 hours later where I tried to scrub the horror of the room off of me. Never again will I stay in a Travelodge.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>KittyLosAngeles
<Content>Affordable and decent       Travelodge Seattle  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	4	4	5	

<Author>AlbertaPaul
<Content>Not recommended When we planned our trip to Seattle, we booked a room online with 2 queens beds, and confirmed our reservation over the phone. All was okay. Upon arrival, we discovered that there were no queen rooms available. We were offered a room with 2 double beds, and the beds ended up being way too small. The front counter staff(who were the only good part of our experience) offered us a room with a king bed and a hide-a-bed. Unfortunately, the room in question was beside the elevator shaft, and was extremely noisy. On top of that, with the hide-a-bed open, you couldn't access the bathroom????? We ended up back in a double bed room(after an hour of mucking around) and the management only knocked $10 off of our bill.The hotel is extremely run-down. The bathrooms in both rooms we were in were severely dated. The hotel is in the middle of a reno, but from what I saw, the work being done is a bandaid at best. The only positive thing I can say about my stay(other than the cheerful and helpful front desk staff) is that the hotel is very close to all the action. They also offer free parking, IF you can find a spot in their VERY small lot.I rate the Space Needle Travelodge a 3 out of 10.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>ptoohey
<Content>Nice hotel, OK neighborhood. My wife and I just got back a visit to Seattle and stayed at the Travelodge for five nights. Overall out experience was good, keeping in mind that we were looking for a cheap hotel that was close to downtown attractions.I will start with the review of the area since that has come into question in a couple other reviews. The hotel was in an older area of the city most likely built for the 1962 World鈥檚 Fair. As a result of this there were a few homeless people and possibly drug dealers in the area. It should be mentioned though that these people never bothered us and we walked around the area/city a lot. Often times we walked to dinner and other attractions. I felt safe walking both day and night but I was very aware of my surroundings, keeping an eye out for any possible problems. The location was nice in that it was about a 3 blk walk to the Seattle Center (Space Needle area) and from there you could take the monorail into downtown or if you wanted to walk a little further towards downtown you could get on one of the free buses from 6am to 7pm. We did have a rental car which we took at times to go to see the Boeing Tour and Mt. Rainier among other places. The free parking at the hotel was a great benefit as we saw the parking lots in the area charged between $10  $20/day.Now onto the hotel itself. It is still going through MAJOR UPGRADES. During our stay the put up new lights in the lobby and hallways. They also put new electronic locks on the doors. Due to this upgrade the hallways were not the cleanest at all times (sheetrock and other debris) but this did not affect our room. There is a pool and hot tub which we did not use. I did see a couple of people using the hot tub and it appeared to be nice. I did check one night and the water was very warm so that is a plus. The breakfast area is a room they converted into the breakfast area. The room looks very nice and overall breakfast was pretty good. They had sausage patties and egg patties (similar to what you would get at McDonalds but tasted a little better). They also had cold cereal, bread for toast, bagels, and a small selection of pastries which could have been better. One of the nice things is they had waffle makers. Also, they had a good selection of coffee and four different kinds of juices.Finally, the room was what I expected it to be. It wasn鈥檛 large but big enough to fit a king size bed and still have plenty of room to walk around. It had an approximately 21鈥?TV with a large selection of channels. It had an approximately 3鈥檟3鈥?table and two night stands. In the closet there was an electronic safe which was large enough to fit my laptop The bathroom was old and could use some updating but my only real issue would be that there was only a shower which could be a problem if you wanted to take a bath. Also, the room had free wireless internet which worked about half the time.The staff was very friendly and helpful. I was told they were going to be upgrading the internet and hopefully it would be more reliable then. There was a flier in the elevator that said they hoped to be done with phase 1 of the upgrades this summer. I should also mention there were two computers in the lobby available for guest use and when we arrived there was a printer attached to one of them but they took out the printer about half way through out stay. I wasn鈥檛 using it so I didn鈥檛 ask if they would be putting it back or what happened to it.As I stated before, overall I was happy with hotel and would probably stay here again. All my wife and I want when we go on vacation is a clean and safe place to sleep as we spend very little time in our room. Probably the worst part was the neighborhood which unfortunately they have very little control over.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>NomadAdventures
<Content>Upgrades Underway The hotel is in the midst of some required upgrades. They offer free breakfast with 26 items, such as hot belgium waffles and Seattle's Best coffee. The hotel room itself was clean - however, it did require some minor touch-ups, which will hopefully be addressed with the overhaul. My husband ventured out late at night to the corner store at the gas station, and the area had some people of ill repute working at that time. However, the hotel lobby door gets locked at night, and people are buzzed in, so the hotel premises were safe. Several hotels in the area contend with this challenge. Overall, it's an economical hotel that offers a good breakfast (they should, however, do away with the disposable dishes and cutlery for the sake of the environment), a clean room, and a great location that is mere minutes in walking distance to the Space Needle and the Monorail. The proposed upgrades from new management have come with excellent timing.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>HatKing
<Content>Would Go Somewhere Else We stayed for 1 day and a night the hotel itself is cheap and cheerful but if you like the sound of Air con units all day and all night this is the place for you. We where also woken at 10:30PM by the desk clerk knocking on the door because they said our water was running all day , though it was not. This could have been handled much better and much earlier . All in all i would not stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>elamir
<Content>sickning My family and I where taking a vacation to seattle and decided to stay here because it close to the space needle. We arrived Friday. The rooms where not than nice. They seem to let alot of prostitutes stay there wearing practicly nothing, I was apauled. At night the street right in front is full of drug addicts and prostitutes and they just let it go on.I 'm very upset my children saw this. I contacted the police and they did nothing. I even saw them driving next to loads of prostitutes walking all around the area and they did nothing!! I immediately checked out the next day, after a night of my children and wife and I hearing prostitutes have sex al lnight in the room next to us!! The police never returned my complaint call. the prostitues and pimps and drug atticts are around this whole area where other hotels are located also. I'm apauled they let this happen there, my family will never return to this city again!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	1	1	

<Author>Jessi9260
<Content>Nice hotel I do not really get what the complaints are about here. The staff was very nice. Rooms are clean and basic. We paid 100 a night on priceline and it was worth it, right near seattle center where you can also take the monorail to downtown. The showers had great water pressure. My only complaint would be the pillows. 2 flat pillows is not acceptable. They should either have 2 good ones or 4 pillows. We asked for 2 pillows and they were brought up to us. It was a minor thing, we would definitely stay again. We did not eat breakfast there so I cannot comment on that.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Julie812
<Content>A Cheap Place to Stay Three of us shared a room for one night while in town to attend a Seattle Seahawks game. We basically just needed a place to sleep, and that's why we chose this property. They asked us at check in which floor we would rather have - we said the ground floor, but when we discovered that the pool was right outside our window, we opted for the third floor overlooking an alley. Plus, you could really smell the chlorine. Our second attempt was much better, the room did not smell, and it was very tidy. There was a small in-room safe, but no fridge. The bathroom was small - we did have a tub - and one of the outlets in our room was not working, but overall the condition of the room was what I expected for a $70 a night hotel in the downtown area of a major city. There was a shuttle to and from the game for $2.50 each way and a complimentary Sunday paper. The continental breakfast included toast, pastries, bagels and muffins and the usual breakfast beverages. We chose bagels, but they did not taste good at all, so we just popped over to the Starbucks a block away. The major complaint that I would have about this property is that they need to do renovations in their bathrooms. The fan in the bathroom was not working well, and with three women, we needed a little more room and a little less humidity. From the other reviews I've read, it sounds as though the comfort of your stay might depend on which room you are given, as they don't have standard amenities in every room (no tubs or fridges in some). A good hotel for the price and if you just need a place to sleep, but I would not recommend this hotel for lengthy stays.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>teacher13
<Content>Not So Clean This hotel was 120 a night and close to the free bus zone and space needle. Those were the perks. The rest is awful. It was filthy dirty. They were understaffed and the desk clerks who were working were rude and not very knowledgable about the surrounding area. If you are looking to save some money and don't mind filth, then by all means book your room here. I would never recommend this hotel to any friends or family.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>KayakaWhack
<Content>Can't recommend I'm considering relocating to Seattle and spent nearly a week touring the area on a budget.Even for the price (about $70 per night), this place was well below what I expected. The room and hallways were dirty; the smell of urine permeated the parking lot - seems several homeless people were sleeping behind the hedges at a neighboring business.There are other economical hotels in this same area -- try one of those instead.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	3	

<Author>AliceWonder
<Content>Good when on a budget We stayed here for 5 nights on a trip to Seattle. I don't expect much from budget accommodation, you do get what you pay for, but for the time that we actually spend at the hotel (left daily at 8am, back at 9:30pm) I cannot complain. The hotel is very well situated with a Starbucks (surprise!) just around the corner at a gas station. It is also a short walk from the Space Needle and the 5 Point Caf茅. We had no trouble walking around at night. Our room overlooked the pool with the Jacuzzi/spa bath and on our first night it was a bit noisy outside. (In summer, one might have to keep that in mind.) After traveling for 24 hours the noise did not really bother us. The room was spacious, clean, it had a safe and a small fridge which came in handy. There is a bit of a gap between the room door and the floor which lets through a bit of light in the evening (if you like to sleep in total darkness like I do), but a towel quickly sorted that out. Our towels were nice and fluffy and that there was no bath did not bother us at all. The hotel lift is a bit stuffy. The breakfast is quite a sugary affair but coffee, orange juice, a wonderful Washington apple and a bagel can set you up for the start of the day. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SanFranciscoSleeper
<Content>cheap and unpleasant This hotel is not very clean. There was no bathtub- only a small shower. We were traveling with a baby- so we were not able to bath her there.It is cheap and the location is very close to the space needle. However, the area is a little bit seedy.We also recieved a call to our room- my husband answered and a woman on the phone asked Do you want some company?, when he asked who was calling she said Oh, this is Candy, and he hung up. We spoke with the front desk about it, and they told us that the call must have come from within the hotel- because there had not been any calls connected to our room through them. This did not make us feel much better.He said that it wasn't the first time that someone complained about prostitiues calling the rooms.We switched hotels to the La Quinta Inn and Suites, a little bit more money- but it was way nicer.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Travelmom73
<Content>Wasn't wild about the Travelodge While the rates were ok for this hotel, I find their hotel description somewhat misleading (newly completed renovations, finished in 1997???). The rooms are outdated for 1987 actually. They're a normal size, beds are alright. Our family is usually as budget minded as they come, and we picked this hotel for proximity to Space Needle. However, after one night we switched hotels. The area around this hotel is very suspect. The hallways are pretty noisy (and the big inch-high gaps under the doors made in the 50's or 60's don't help for noise reduction). My husband and kids tried the hot tub but couldn't get out fast enough when a layer of scum covered the water when they turned on the jets.Our travel rewards program rates this hotel a Tier 4, out of 5. We've stayed in budget hotels all over western Canada  the US - this is the only one we've left after one night. There's no way it should be a Tier 4 - I shudder to imagine what a Tier 1 would be like. I doubt I would ever check availability at this hotel again. I only picked it since it was the only reasonably priced hotel near Space Needle with a pool. I would now either spend a few extra min driving or give up the pool. You'd have to be seriously budget minded to enjoy this hotel. Also, if you're looking for the downtown action and proximity promised by this hotel, be prepared for a long walk. It was many blocks before we were into that kind of area.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>tlandis
<Content>Would stay there again Proximity to the Space Needle -great. Free Parking-greatRooms of average size (117),clean, good shower, thick towels, but not much in the way of toiletries.Good rate for a three night stay through website.Breakfast wasn't much, but the donuts were so-o-o-o good and fresh. Front desk people were excellent - helpful, courteous, polite.I would stay here again for a basic, no-frills room. However, I would probably ask for a room on the third or fourth floor.Why pay more?  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>N&GB6
<Content>good location Great location but rooms could do with some updating, the windows didn't open (ground floor) so room was dim  stuffy.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>skelly3055
<Content>Great location We were pleased with the staff and location upon arriving to this Travelodge by the Space Needle. The hotel doesn't have a tub (shower only) and the rooms were small. But a short stay here for budget minded folks who need a place to just sleep and shower was perfect .Couldn't beat the location to several walking restaurant and attractions.The staff were really nice and the rooms were clean and fresh fruits/doughnuts for breakfast kept us happy during this stay.We are looking forward to returning here again for another stay in the summer.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Tiberious007
<Content>Love the space needle We stayed here on our return from a friends 50th birthday in mexico.We arrived late but had a wonderfull view of the space needle all lit up at night.The room was nicer then I expected and the beds we're super soft.They were much appreciated after 10 days of hard beds in Mexico.As for food we were told of a place to get pizza from and it was the best any of the 4 of us can recall....and was hot when we got it.The room also comes with continental breakfast which was great while we waited for our taxi to catch the clipper home at the end of our vacation.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Alexa22
<Content>Never again My boyfriend and I stayed over Easter weekend and chose the hotel because of its location and parking. We paid about $70 USD for the room. It's central to everything, walkable to the market and neighbourhoods with good restaurants and the space needle. Aside from the location (and parking) it was not a pleasant stay. The hallways smelled of smoke, the room was clean but in need of renovation. At reception there was a sign stating that they don't rent rooms for the purpose of underage drinking (or somethign to that effect). The blackout curtains were completely ripped (I mentioned this and asked that they be replaced but they never were) and the pillows were covered in plastic. We were woken up repeatedly by late night partiers and a barking dog. When I went down to get the continental breakfast (muffins, fruit, coffee) I was joined by some pretty dodgy people who did not look like they were staying there. And then on my way back up there was an empty beer bottle in the elevator. We travel on a budget but I would have been happy to pay more for a quieter, safer feeling hotel. The Best Western across the street looked like it might have been better. If you're looking for a relaxing, low key place to stay in the city, this isn't it.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	5	5	3	

<Author>KGC2006
<Content>I wouldn't recommend I wouldn't recommend staying here unless everything else was booked. For a few dollars more, you can stay at one of the other area hotels.On the plus side the location was good - right near the needle and within walking distance to restaurants. The pool and whirlpool looked clean, although I didn't get a chance to try them out. There was a continental breakfast (donuts and coffee).On the down side - the hotel lobby, halls and room had a dank, perfumed smell about it. Looked like the hotel itself could really use an overhall. The beds had big dips which were rather uncomfortable and I can usually sleep just about anywhere. The sheets were rather worn and I felt like I should sleep in my clothes.We booked the room for two nights, but left after our first night there and went to the Best Western next door and slept much better.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>jwismer
<Content>Nice location The hotel was convenient for us. We could walk to the space needle, catch the bus to downtown. We took a tour and they picked us up right at the front door, went to a baseball game and the desk arrranged transportation to and from. the heated pool was nice, breakfast of ok, nothing fantastic but we have had worse. It does need remodeling but it was clean and the price was right. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Bargin For Travelers We hadn't planned on staying at this hotel during our visit to Seattle in April 2006, but it proved to be a great experience. The accomodations were clean and adequate, the staff was efficient and friendly and the price was budget oriented.Due to the location of the Travelodge, we parked our car and walked to restaurants and attractions. The free ride service was several blocks away but once we became familiar with how to navigate around Seattle via the buses we were on our way. We met interantional travelers and had a great time seeing the city up close and personal.There were some noisy neighbors who had children and/or were partying but that did not spoil our stay. After spending two weeks traveling through Wahington, the Travelodge provided us with one of the best beds we experienced during our vacation.Keep up the great work.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Travelodge is very run down, Only thing good about it, is how close This travelodge is very run down, the only thing good about it, is that it's close to the space needle. It costs to much for what you get. I'll drive if I have to next time. I will never stay there again. They need to fix the place up!!  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KiwiSkier
<Content>The price is about right I stayed at the Travelodge in mid-late March 2006. I booked online and paid upfront; the cost was $455 for 5 nights including tax. I was a bit disappointed on arrival to discover that the hotel isn't exactly in downtown Seattle as their writeup on the booking site claimed (in the heart of downtown Seattle). I didn't have a car so having cafes/restaurants close by was important to me, especially being a lone female. The writeup also claimed that Guests will be able to walk to myriad restaurants, bars, and entertainment options -- whilst this is technically true, the implication that there are lots of such places very close by is NOT true! I did find a truly wonderful Mexican cafe-restaurant about 4 blocks away, called Dos Amigos -- can't recommend this place highly enough. And the pizza delivery place Romio's (found in the hotel information folder in my room) has totally great food. But this hotel is not placed like its writeup implies. Frankly the main part of downtown starts about 5 or 6 blocks away, and goes for about 8 or 10 blocks over 5 streets, so be warned. If you don't have a car and want to get around a significant part of downtown you will be doing a lot of walking! (The Monorail was out of action while I was there)Having said that, overall I enjoyed my stay at the Travelodge. The walls and ceilings are a little thin; whilst I was never bothered by other guests' TVs or conversation, the creaky floorboards right above my bed were a bit annoying! Especially since the people above me had a habit of coming back around 1 in the morning...Initially I was allocated a room on the ground floor. On getting to the room I found this was no exaggeration -- the room's window looked right out onto the back parking lot, and if I'd left the window open anybody could have climbed in. Once again as a lone female I wasn't happy with this; I rang the front desk and asked for a higher-up room, and there was no problem. The clerk even wheeled along a luggage cart so moving my stuff would be easier, having noticed me struggling with my four pieces of luggage getting to the original room (I had skis and boots as well as suitcases). Very sweet. In fact this guy really made my stay at Travelodge. There were so many little thoughtful things he did (name is Greg, he was on afternoon-evening shift while I was there).On the Friday and Saturday nights I was there, I was *very* glad I'd asked for a room above ground floor -- the general area the hotel is in gets quite noisy and I would have been anxious about undesirables outside my room. As it was I felt perfectly safe and the noise was simply a minor annoyance.The free breakfast was tasty (juices, coffee, apples, donuts and other things made of donut dough, muffins) but I would have preferred the addition of some cereals. However it was lovely not to have to go in search of food first thing in the morning.My room had a King size bed, which had linens just a little bit too small but was firm and comfy. Good size wardrobe with plenty of hangers. A mini fridge, which I turned off because the noise would have woken me in the night. The heater/air conditioner was difficult to get to the right temperature. For some reason if I was warm enough during the day I was too hot at night. I turned it off each night but this didn't make things any better. Plenty of channels on the TV, which was installed in a sort of entertainment centre kum dresser (three large drawers under the TV which provided plenty of clothes storage space). A nice large table where I could set up my laptop. And an easy chair which I never sat in, because it was impossible to see the TV from there. Oh and a glass table which was handy for putting the pizza boxes on! The bedside tables were just tables, i.e. no drawers, which I found a bit annoying. Blackout curtains at the windows -- total darkness when pulled, very nice.The bathroom was an adequate size for one or two people. The shower was in good condition (with a door!) and had one of those adjustable shower heads so you could get it to do a sort of massage. The water pressure was right on the hairy edge of being good enough, but it was OK. However one big annoyance was that the water temperature took forever to get hot enough for an enjoyable shower! I got into the habit of turning it on 5 minutes before I wanted a shower. I don't like to waste resources so I found this very sub-par, but it really was necessary. If I didn't wait that long, the water would be only just warm enough to shower in, and I'd be shivering away, and then right at the end of the shower the water would finally get hot enough to be pleasant.I wanted to just be left alone, having just come from a disastrous stay with New Zealand friends in Canada, sleeping on the floor in the living room with zero privacy in a dump of an apartment. So I hung the DND sign out as soon as I arrived and never brought it back in. Housekeeping put notices under the door for the first two days saying if I wanted the room serviced to please remove the DND sign before 1pm. After that they figured that I wanted to be left alone. So I can't comment on the standard of housekeeping, except to say I had no complaints on arrival.I had a couple of sits in the spa pool. Not much to say here -- a perfectly adequate pool and since I was in need of a bit of hydrotherapy on my left shoulder, very appreciated. You can ask for extra towels at the front desk on your way to the pool. There's a bin at poolside where you're supposed to drop your pool towels, but since that meant going back up to my room shivering in my swimsuit, I didn't do that!Very appreciated was the free local calls (up to 20 mins duration) and unlimited free 1-800 calls. This enabled me to speak to my husband in New Zealand, over the internet for free! Since at that time we hadn't talked for 6 weeks it was very nice indeed. It also allowed me to do significant online research about Seattle and its environs which allowed me to make the most of my time there.Another thing I really appreciated was the free toiletries. I'd arrived with no toothpaste, and it was lovely not to have to find a grocery or drug store on the evening of my arrival. There was a note in my bathroom saying that they had a range of toiletries available for free. Very nice touch. They also offered me a toothbrush when I asked for the toothpaste.To sum up: this hotel is definitely a budget hotel. Don't go if you want a luxury experience, or if you mind thin walls/ceilings, or if you want to really be in downtown Seattle. But the staff are friendly, the beds are comfy, the showers are nice once they're hot enough, and the price is about right.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bolin78
<Content>Not bad location for the $$$ The hotel is a short walk away from the Space Needle....only a few minute drive from downtown Seattle. The location is what prompted us to stay at this hotel - plus the daily fee to stay wasn't bad at all! But.....the hotel is older (yet clean)....the breakfast was pretty good (not alot to choose from though)....and the employees were relatively nice. What wasn't so nice was a group of late-teens @ 3am partying in the hallway for a few hours....and some of the shady characters that hung out in some of the rooms. But - you get what you pay for and you definately can't beat the location!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>whereria
<Content>for the $ they charged, I would rather stay someplace else.... The rooms are cold and damp and NOT cozy by any means and the building is old. The windows make you feel like you're in jail or something. The hallways have that old run-down, cold motel feeling. For $10 more you could stay at a nicer inn/motel/hotel down the street at the La Quinta and get a better experience, that's what we did the very next day, and we were very pleased. The travelodge by the space needle leaves you with a bitter cold feeling when you're there, but if you don't care about coziness and want to save $10, then this place isn't bad. But being in Seattle when it's cold and rainy, you will long for that warm, coziness you can get at the La Quinta on 8th ave and not here. I will never want to stay here again after what I experienced. The only thing I liked about the hotel was that the staff was real courteous.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sniperman
<Content>No problems at Travellodge We spoent 3 nights in September, 2005 at this location and enjoyed every minute. Greg at the front desk is a great source of information. WIFI is now available in the lobby. Nothing fancy, but good for a resting place after a long day of sightseeing. The pool and hot tub was wonderful.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lisa1974
<Content>Superb budget hotel! My two nights in the Travelodge's kid-friendly Sleepy Bear Den on the third floor were pleasant. I will agree with previous reviews about the hotel being in dire need of updating (both structurally  decoratively) but fast elevators  fancy artwork are not lodging necessities for me. Our first room did not have a fridge (I thought all rooms did but I guess they don't)  without hesitation, Dan graciously switched us to the Sleepy Bear Den, a room with not only a fridge but a VCR (which we didn't use, though, since the hotel only stocks kid movies, but Sex  the City was on so who needs movies)... didn't charge us the higher rate! He was also very helpful with info about the city bus (which has a stop about 500 yards from the hotel). My friend  I found the hotel to be in a great location since it was within walking distance to the Space Needle  surrounding attractions,  it's near the interstate. Finding a parking spot was never a problem,  the area appeared to be safe (I was worried about my car but nothing happened). Our room was clean  contained all the standard amenities,  was quiet. The best feature was the wireless internet access in all the rooms...I logged right on  got up-to-the-minute info about things to do in the area. While I did not use it, I did take a look at the pool  it looked great. Breakfast was nothing to write home about...just a typical continental breakfast. But overall, I would stay at the Travelodge again  again as the price  location cannot be beat.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pathic
<Content>Great location, Friendly folks The hotel is not brand new, but it was good for the money and location. It could stand an updating, but overall I found it to be clean. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. We didn't get a chance to check out the pool or the breakfast, so I can't comment on those features. The hotel has wi-fi in the lobby and dial-up in the room, for those folks who are slaves to their computers. The hotel is located three blocks from Seattle Center (Space Needle, Sci-Fi Museum, Experience the Music Project and carnival rides.) The monorail is at the Seattle Center as well, which means you can ride to downtown shopping area and near Pike's Place Market without having to worry about traffic and parking.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was great friendly staff the place was clean, in room safe, hot tub, pool, great price, walking distance to the spaceneedle close to the waterfront nice neighborhood what more could you want we stayed here for a week had a great stay and vacation if we ever get back to Seattle we would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DKB
<Content>You get what you pay for... The Travelodge does 'what it says on the tin.' Its a basic no frills hotel/motel that provides accomodation in a good location with easy access to the I-5 and a classic 24hr boozer/diner just down the street. The shuttle bus for Safeco Field was a good deal as well.The room has a shag carpet 70s-80s feel to it, likely because thats when it was built or last upgraded, but so what. The bathroom was in good condition and the bed was comfortable enough.If you're looking for something more - pay for it.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SBonnell
<Content>Sleep-Deprived in Seattle   showReview(2961842, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Checksait
<Content>I don't know what everyone's problem is.   showReview(2717187, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away.   showReview(2516176, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only as last resort   showReview(1745411, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location   showReview(1622842, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Travel Lodge Nightmare!   showReview(1498850, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good location   showReview(1280515, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good place   showReview(1144970, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly staff good location   showReview(926115, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Customer Service   showReview(722155, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙倐銇亸涓嶅彲銈傘仾銇忋仹銇欍亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19162516, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

