<Author>Chellebell
<Content>Really enjoyed the St. Regis Had a wonderful five night stay in a Metropolitan Suite. The suite offered plenty of room. We hosted a cocktail party for fifteen one evening and everyone had plenty of room to relax. The blackout shades in the room were very nice. I loved the control panel that operated the shades, lights, etc. I also loved the little sitting area in the hall between the bedroom and bathroom-it had the a perfect little area putting on makeup and fixing my hair. The hotel was in easy walking distance to all of the beautiful city. My friends' had a deluxe room and it did have a better shower-walk in with room for about six! I had other friends staying at the W and while their room was nice, the property was a bit vibrant for my taste. The staff at the St. Regis were helpful and kind. They made last minute dinner reservations for me and were very helpful in the planning of my cocktail party. I left behind items in a drawer and they FedExed them right out to me. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>hoostraveler
<Content>Love the St. Regis Stayed at the St. Regis many times and finally getting around to writing a review.The hotel is excellent. The room is expansive and very modern. Would definitely recommend. Think this is better than Four Seasons San Fran (unless you value a nice gym - Four Seasons uses LA FItness). The bathroom is outstanding. Remede products always a plus. The walk-in shower is spacious with a sunflower shower head that drops from the ceiling with great water pressure. The toilet is in a separate room. The tub is separated by doors that can be opened for full view of the bed. Fixtures all very modern. Love the clean brown tile. TV in bathroom is a nice touch.The room itself is very large. The bed is very comfy. The closets are hidden as part of the wall in a beautiful whitewash wood. TV is flat panel on the wall. The room has a digital control center that controls everything from lights to phone - very cool. Wireless Internet access for a fee. Gym is just OK. Nothing special, but I got a simple work out in no problem. Look forward to visiting the St. Regis again during my next business trip to San Fran.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>2darlingbuds
<Content>Modern Hotel Next to Museum of Modern Art My husband and I spent three days/two nights at this modern hotel located on 3rd Street and Mission in downtown San Francisco. Next door is the acclaimed Museum of Modern Art and a block away from the Moscone Center, Jewish Contemporary Museum and near the shopping arcade. My husband booked our reservations over the phone and reserved a corner suite to celebrate our anniversary and his birthday. Upon arrival, the doormen were friendly and assisted with our bags, and the front desk person was equally welcoming -- she even offered a late check out of 4pm (helped that we were Starwood members). The hotel does have a private car to take you to where your excursions or reservations are located, but this may take 15-30 minutes of waiting time since the car(s) is/are available on a first come/first serve basis (plan to call ahead at least 30 min. before you need to leave NOT when your reservation is). Also, the hotel car can not pick you up and bring you back to the hotel, so plan on alternate transportations. The room was on the corner along Mission, which we found to be very noisy with sirens and loud talking/yelling from the streets below. A good tip would be to request a corner room facing a non-busy thoroughfare. The furnishings and ammenities were comfy -- an L-shaped sofa in the livingroom, desk, king bed, electronic motorized window shades (both black out and sheer), flat screen consoles in livingroom and bathroom. The plus side: sleek and modern furnishings on a quite floor. The minus side: noisy corner location and not enough face towels. We had drinks at the bar downstairs and enjoyed the low-lit and holiday decorated ambiance -- a nice relaxing way to spend the time after a day of hustle and bustle!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>EliteTraveler1A
<Content>Superb, Modern Elegance       Bedroom - Metropolitan Suite  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>XComsGirl
<Content>Very Nice, Not Sure if I'd Stay Again       Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>DepDawg
<Content>Great Property  The St Regis is a good location, directly next to the Moscone convention center and 5 minutes walk from Union Square and all the shopping. The rooms are great - large, contemporary and well equipped, and the pool was good too and always emtpy. The food in Ame on the ground floor was excellent. A great if expensive dinner with friends and good Asian Californian fusion cooking. The bad - I was really surprised to find that generally, with the exception of the Ame restaurant, the staff could not really care less about guests and were quite aloof, just going through the process and almost as if they didn't want to be there, which was a shock in a property like this. On business, I also object to the $15 for 24 hours internet access charge - why do properties do this ?? Finally, breakfast is also not worth it and too expensive. Its too weird for me having fusion cooking first thing in the morning. (This in the upstairs restaurant).On balance though, location, room quality and comfort made it a good stay. For the price though, they need to sort the service / welcome aspect of the stay and throw in the internet.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	1	

<Author>Earthman83
<Content>A Very Homely and good experience We had a very good stay recently here.The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Union square by the way.We had a high floored room with a very comfortable bed and with black out blinds and curtains that were controlled from a bedside panel.You could also contact your butler from this device.The eggs benedict at breakfast is something I highly recommend.You can also use the internet access at the business centre by simply putting in your name,room number and arrival date on the sign in page and theres no charge.Thats such a rarity these days.We tried the taster menu in their restaurant one night and it was simply delicious.The service was very good.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ikpa
<Content>A Horrible Stay At St. Regis San Francisco When we arrived the room was ice cold. The air conditioning unit had malfunctioned. After about an hour we called for the unit to be repaired. Thinking it was fixed we left the room only to return to an airconditioning unit that was still broken, this time the room was warm and stuffy. At 4AM not being able to bear it nor sleep we called to be switched to another room, a very difficult proposition as there was a general reluctance to do so on the part of the hotel. We insisted, they came up with a security detail. This I believe fed into the general misconception that a black man could be a person of violent disposition. Could it be racial profiling as I have an accent and happen to be black? Needless to say the hotel refused by delay tactics to send someone over to move our luggage to the new room. After waiting for half an hour it dawned on us they were not going to help us move. We did it ourselves. The hotel went further to delay making our room until at 4:30PM when we returned to the room and insisted that it be made. Overall, a very shabby treatment for the money we paid to stay in the hotel. A shirt sent out to be ironed came back late, causing us to almost miss our appointment. I could not be paid enough to stay here another day!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ChicagoTraveller99
<Content>Luxury without the attitude! Loved it. I recently stayed at the St. Regis with a friend of mine for a 4 day weekend. We found the hotel to be excellent across the board. Rooms are light and airy, well appointed with many conveniences and the blackout shades really do BLACK out completely as needed. I loved the configuration of the room with the double doors over the bath that open to the living area - made the room seem much larger. We used many of the hotels services - early checkin, and I mean really early. We arrived by 11am and were promptly given a room, no issuesSpa - pedi and massages, all were excellentPool/jacuzzi/sauna - all clean and uncrowdedButler - Prompt and helpfulConcierge - got us reservations at my favorite restaurant which was 'booked solid' when I tried to callRoom service - great food delivered to the minute at 7am on the day of our departure. All in all - I loved the St. Regis - it was a perfect backdrop for a great weekend in SF. And did I mentioned it's located about 2 blocks from teh Powell BART/Trolley station? So easy to get around.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jenikaye
<Content>Luxury, comfort in every detail       A look at our lovely room!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dimplesthechupacabra
<Content>Stellar Hotel The hotel was nothing short of amazing. The lobby is beautifully modern. Very spacious and comfortable. The location is ideal. It's just next to MOMA, literally right next door. It's one street over from Market street near Union square shopping, which is amazing of course. A walk down towards Embarcadero is also not far. The ferry building is only about a half mile. Such a great location for so many things. The standard room is so comfortable. The linens have wonderful thread count and very comfy. Amazing rain head shower. The room control system is state of the art. It controls everything in your room and doubles as a private line phone. electronic black out and roman shades were part of the room ammenities. i cannot recommend them highly enough. i can't wait for my next visit!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roar_03
<Content>Modern, sleek St. Regis My friends and I stayed at the St Regis over a weekend in July. My boyfriend and I returnd the following weekend for one night.On arrival the staff couldn't be any better. Our butler escorted us to our floor, gave us water bottles and demonstrated all the technology in our room.One minor point is that on our return weekend we were asked if we ever stayed there before. It seems that someone should have noted that we were there the previous week.Decor is by far the best i have experienced in a San Francisco hotel. I stayed at the four seasons and was disappointed at the lack of attention paid to the minor details. Not so at the St Regis, the bathrooms were well thought out, i particularly liked the ability to open the doors to the room from the tub.I loved the bath products- Remede SPA-. It gives the already generous room a bigger feel. In series 14 rooms the bathroom layout seems not to allow the door to the toilet to close fully- a minor flaw. Materials were excellent. Leather lined hallways and marble floors felt luxurious.The room was fairly large, the bed was comfortable. Pratesi sheets were a nice touch as was the chaise lounge next to the window.The automated blinds and the control panel are meant to wow but were mostly unnecessary.The lobby was not large but i liked the dark woods and the wall of fire. Food in Vitrine was good and the waitstaff pleasant.All around an excellent city property and on my next trip to SF i will stay at the St Regis.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>nini38
<Content>If your looking for a good night sleep - stay somewhere else!       Condition of furniture  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>curly-Q28
<Content>San Francisco St. Regis is Magnificent Beautiful decor, most confortable bed ever!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>froggydog
<Content>Outstanding Hotel, Contemporary Feel, Impeccable Staff We were married at the St. Regis San Francisco in Summer 2006 so this hotel holds a special place in our hearts. We stayed in one of the property's St. Regis Suites (the suite level just below the Presidential), though we had occasion to see just about every room configuration in the hotel (from the rack rooms, to the Astor Jr. Suites, to the larger Metropolitan suites). Each room is beautifully decorated. One nice touch is a touchscreen device that acts as both the telephone as well as a control panel for lowering lights and window shades. The design aesthetic is contemporary, clean, and thoughtfully deployed, seen especially in the public spaces. For many hotels, the public spaces (ballrooms, conference rooms) seem like they were afterthoughts, hastily put in after everything else was in place. At the St. Regis San Francisco, every square inch of space is carefully and tastefully planned. We would be terribly remiss if we did not extol the wonderful staff, to whom we are eternally grateful. Every whim was catered to and they made every guest feel comfortable, pampered, and well taken care of.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>peggyplee
<Content>Outstanding Service and Experience I stayed in the St. Regis in March during a sold out week due to a large conference that I was not attending. I normally cannot stay at a 5 star property like this on business, but since it was the only hotel in the area that was available it made since--it was cheaper than taking cabs to and from my smaller conference at a Market Square hotel. I experienced excellent room service--10 minutes in a sold out hotel vs. 40 min (the Waldorf in NYC last week and it was not even sold out). Great wine bar, and excellent reception when checking. They recognized that I was a SPG Gold member and gave me an upgrade, which was nice since I was paying almost $400 per night.I hope to stay here again. Great location! Great service! Excellent staff!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MatthewRob
<Content>Loved the hotel I've stayed at the St Regis in NYC and found it a bit stuffy, but I loved here. The staff are amazing...very friendly and always willing to help.The hotel itself has a modern edge and feel to it, but not too modern and small like the W can be. I had a standard room, which was very large and had the full range of amenities.It was my birthday weekend and they even made a cake.Ate in the restaurant Ame one night, which was very nice, but of course there are other better restaurants around the city.The location is pretty good too. Very close to MOMA and only a 5 minute walk to the shops on Market St.Thoroughly recommend anybody to stay here.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Livie
<Content>All the extra touches and more       Double Bedroom  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GEERSA
<Content>Business Class Excellence in San Francisco The St Regis Hotel certainly lived up to my expectations of it. The staff were very welcoming and competent, and the initial impression carried through my entire stay. The room was spacious, clean, modern and well equipped. Everything needed was provided including DVD player, mini-fridge, fax, printer, complimentary water, etc... In hotel restaurants were pricy but quality was very good. All in all the St Regis is not cheap at all, but one never feels that one is not getting value. Highly recommended for business travelers.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheAssassin
<Content>Great Hotel This was my third stay in this hotel and I would not stay anywhere else in San Francisco. It is modern and stylish without being over the top. Rooms are large and well laid out, with plasma tvs and an electronic control unit for lights, blind and telephone. Spacious bathrooms with great showers and toiletries. Good service, great bar. The gym and pool are nice but on the small side.Only down-side is that it is expensive - not for those on a budget.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Roleray
<Content>More than Expected Very recently enjoyed a 3-night stay at the St. Reg. Booked an Executive Premiere room - beautiful, well-appointed, LARGE accomodations. I made great use of the hotel amenities, ie lap pool, Remede spa, fitness ctr, - all are top notch. Staff is friendly and professional. Def one of the better hotels in SF. I recommend to any traveler wishing to get away.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zcai
<Content>5-Star Hotel and 5-Star Service We just came back from a three-day stay at this hotel, and we enjoyed our stay there very much. The hotel is conveniently located at the center of the city, within walking distance to Market Street (shopping area), the financial district, Chinatown, and Union Square. Their concierges are extremely patient and knowledgeable. The directions from them made our trip so much enjoyable and easier. The restaurant on the 4th floor serves some of the best foods that we have ever had. Our room was goregous with a nice view to the adjacent park and the west side of the city. It has a goregous pool and a great spa with full service. Every small detail, such as the electronically controlled window curtains, the large separate shower, or the full set of in-room entertainment system, shows its sophistication.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>allesandra
<Content>extremely nice hotel Booked a premium deluxe room and was upgraded to a luxurious suite (I think it was a Metropolitan suite). Decor was extremely modern with some truly bizarre objets d'arte and yet it was elegant and inviting.. The bedroom was beautiful and cozy and plush. Automated drapes in the huge living room and br.....good idea to close them during the day because all the glass makes for a very warm suite (and wastes energy if you leave on the a.c.)Our suite was huge and in excellent condition...the bath was luxurious, the bed was extremely comfortable and everything was the best....the linens, towels, comforters, etc. The pool is gorgeous...totally beautiful with magnificent lounging beds...and it was empty every time we used it.The lobby is very chic and would appeal to very sleek, well-dressed younger people especially.The breakfast restaurant was excellent as well. The design of the restaurant (this is their casual restaurant) is lovely. It is one of the few hotel restaurants where the food was actually hot and delicious at breakfast and all but one of the servers was gracious and efficient.The reception staff and the front office managers were quite nice...I am a starwood platinum member and I was treated well. However, I find the attitude of the staff at the St. Regis hotels to be somewhat cold and aloof. I felt the GM at the hotel must have a stingy nature, because certain amenities which one would normally find in this calibre of luxury hotel were not provided. For example, no welcome amenity, no extra soaps, etc in the bath, a paltry amount of towels....a small matter, but curious.Housekeeping was perfect and the room was always immaculate.The spa is gorgeous and expensive.I was not crazy about the location of the hotel. This is not a factor for which the hotel is responsible, obviously . The neighborhood is lively and lots to do nearby but my favorite parts of SF were not readily in reach. The concierge gives excellent suggestions and directions and we had a wonderful time.All in all, an excellent choice with great service and a top quality product.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Cbmw
<Content>Big spacious rooms but very loud at night We stayed at the St. Regis for 4 nights - 3 at the start of our trip to CA and 1 at the end. The rooms and bathrooms are spacious, beds are very comfortable, they have flat screen TVs in the bedroom and a small screen in the bathroom, toiletries are great, there's a hot tub in the spa that's open to all guests and they have a business center with free internet and printing facilities. Staff are very friendly and accommodating. Location-wise it's very central to lots of tourist sites in SF and most are within walking distance. We had a room on the 14th floor first time and then on the 7th floor. On both occassions I was woken out of my sleep during the night by noise from either outside or other guests. Construction starts early in SF! There were fire engine sirens going off all night. One of the rooms was an adjoining room and we heard the other guests coming back late one night. Overall it was a good experience.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AnnieMSP
<Content>Awesome hotel My daughter(8) and I joined my husband on a business trip in San Francisco. This was the most amazing hotel we've ever stayed at...fairly new, state-of-the-art everything. Great rooms - best shower ever, convenient location, inviting pool  spa. Pricey but worth it!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>prdomm
<Content>AMAZING Hotel  The St. Regis in San Francisco is to die for!The public spaces are gorgeous; the rooms are goregous and the service is impeccable.I don't think I was ever told no during the duration of my trip.The concierge, Robert, was so knowledgeable and made dinner reservations for me and my group. I don't know for sure...but at the restaurant the chef and the manager came and introduced themselves (which I can't help but think the St. Regis had something to do with).I stayed in an Astor Suite which was contemporary in decor and absolutely beautiful. Floor to ceiling glass, leather walls, dark wood floors, two huge plasmas (and a lcd tv in the bathroom) and the softest bed I have ever slept in (complete with Pratesi Linens). I loved the touch-screen console by the bed that allowed you to control the lights, the window shades and thermostat. The St. Regis butler; room service and concierge were just one button away. The bathroom had dual sinks, a soaking tub and a separate shower, befitting a top notch property. The St. Regis blew me away and I recommend doing whatever you can to stay there. I guess the best part of the entire stay is that there was no pretense...just smiles and a helpful attitude that definitely deserves 5 stars.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>InstantNoodles
<Content>Superlative hotel! The St. Regis San Francisco is a Mobil-rated five star (the most highly coveted award in the hospitality industry) property located next to the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and the Moscone Center. I believe the hotel鈥檚 location is categorized as SoMa. The hotel is in close proximity to the Embarcadero, Chinatown, the financial district, and Union Square. The St. Regis San Francisco鈥檚 main competitors are the Four Seasons on Market Street and the Ritz-Carlton on Nob Hill (the only other properties in SF that are Mobil-rated five stars). Of those three hotels, the St. Regis is the newest with the more competitive rates. I hear the Four Seasons is renovating as we speak and the Ritz just finished their renovations not too long ago.Valet parking at the St. Regis is roughly $52 (average rate to valet park) per night and should be inclusive of taxes (there is a base amount plus tax). Average time to retrieve car is 10 minutes. There are several public parking garages on 3rd Street where guests can park their cars for $20-$25 dollars per 24-hour period. The only caveat is there are no in and out privileges and the garages may close and you will not be able to retrieve your car until the next morning. San Francisco hotels charge a 14% accommodation tax. In addition there is another tax that is also levied but skips my mind but it is less than one percent.Upon arrival, we were generously upgraded to a Metropolitan suite. Check-in was especially quick. I was in my suite in less than 10 minutes after I arrived at the hotel. The hotel was able to accommodate an early-check-in (normal check-in is 3:oo pm). If you need a late check-out it鈥檚 advisable to inquire upon check-in so hotel personnel can see if that request can be accommodated; otherwise check-out is at 12 noon. The generic description of the Metropolitan suite on the hotel鈥檚 website is accurate. Normally suites of this size (980 sq ft) include 1 陆 bathrooms; however, in our suite, there is only one full bathroom. There is enough closet space for two people traveling for several days. The suite is starting to show some signs of wear and tear (to be expected as this hotel opened in 2005?). Some of the wood paneling was smudged and dented (wall and floor). In addition, double vanity sinks are only included in suites. Standard rooms (Superior to Executive) only have single vanity sinks. There are two 42鈥?LG Plasma televisions in the suite (one featured in the bedroom and one in the living room). Also, there is a smaller television in the bathroom. (I have found that this hotel and the Four Seasons offers a better selection of channels to its guests (the last time I stayed at the Ritz, they only have a fraction of the available channels that this hotel offers). The bathroom toiletries are of the 鈥淟aboratoire Remede鈥?brand which is the name of the Spa that operates in the hotel. The windows shades and lighting are controlled by an LCD console located next to the bed (in room and suite categories) and on the desk in the living room (in suite categories). As this suite is located on the corner, there are an abundance of windows. The windows DO NOT open. Even from the 12th floor, like many other hotels, street noise can be heard especially emergency sirens. As a previous reviewer mentioned, if you opt to close the shade, be it the sheer or blackout shade, ALL the shades will close in unison. You cannot choose to leave one corner of the shades opened and the others closed. However, you can choose how much of the shade you want drawn. Thoroughly and thoughtfully placed recessed lighting and lamps illuminate the room just fine. FYI: If you require ice, the butler will retrieve it for you; otherwise, during turndown service, ice is refreshed and free bottled water is replenished. The concierge has a DVD library available to hotel guests. The hotel also has a house car, a Bentley, which can shuttle guests within a limited radius of the hotel. Room service charges are as follows: expect to pay a $3 delivery charge, taxes, and gratuity to ANY order placed through room service. For your convenience, 3 cups of coffee is $8, make your own ice cream sundae is $10, and gourmet mini-corn dogs is $17 (all prices exclusive of the applicable service charges). Dry cleaning a sweater is $11 whereas pressing costs $9. There was no price list for the items in the mini-bar.There is an indoor swimming pool, a gym (stocked with fruit, water, and magazines), and a spa (additional cost) available to guests at this hotel. All facilities were immaculately maintained. I had breakfast in the hotel鈥檚 restaurant Vitrine (serves breakfast and lunch only). Ame serves dinner. I did not try the bar so I cannot comment on that. The food at Vitrine and room service were of good quality/presentation, but nothing spectacular. There is a Peets coffee shop one block up the hotel for those who want coffee and simple breakfast pastries. The service is definitely on par with what I would expect from a five-star property. Before arrival, a guest relations associate will contact you to solicit information to try to make your stay even more comfortable. Everyone is friendly and helpful (from the front desk to concierge) and will do everything they can to ensure you have an excellent stay while in San Francisco. Housekeeping did a great job maintaining the suite. I look forward to returning when I can. SPG members can procure very competitive rates at this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelingmother
<Content>No real substance or value here Just returned from a weekend trip to the St. Regis. We got a reduced price by redeeming some Starwood points, but it was still expensive. Overpriced, to be more exact. We don't mind paying for true luxury, but this hotel doesn't even come close to that.The St. Regis is full of affectations (like the personal butler) but lacking in real amenities or value. We had a corner room on the 13th floor with a nice view of the Metreon and the Marriott (which looks like a better possibility for our next stay). The coolness factor of the touch screen bedside device soon grows tiresome. For example, the drapes can only be manipulated electronically and it is all or none. Either they are all open or none can be opened. Given the nature of the corner rooms that means that if you want a view of the city, your neighbors in the next room automatically get a view of you. The bathrooms are very small and poorly equipped. Hard to believe that a supposed 5-star establishment doesn't even provide a shower cap. (they will draw a $1500 bath for you though, in a tub that is barely big enough for one tall person and scratched up). Our room even had a small hole near the ceiling where the pocket door seals off the toilet and shower from the rest of the bathroom. The only mirror in the room was in the bathroom above the single sink. Again, not our definition of luxury. I had to go into the entry way to do my hair, where there was a mirror and console table.As others have noted, they did contact us by email about our stay. To honor our anniversary they sent up a nice bottle of $7.99 sparkling wine. While it was a nice touch, it is hard to know if we should have been flattered or insulted.:) We did appreciate having the wine bucket though. We walked a block down to Walgreens where we could actually acquire enough ice to chill a bottle, and consumed some very nice sparkling that we purchased outside of the hotel for a Real Person's Price. With no coffee faciilities in the room, or down in the lobby, we were grateful that Peets Coffee is just across the street. For $$$$ a night the hotel could really provide at least a single-serving pod machine in the rooms. It would be way more useful than the tiny stereo system, or even the DVD player. Those are redundant given that most people travel with their IPod and/or buy movies on the TV if so inclined. (or in this case, walk across the street to the Metreon to see a movie). Finally, we came to the city to relax. Hard to do given that except for the bed there was no comfortable place to sit. The desk had two straight-back wooden chairs that were a testimony to form over function. I don't believe I have ever sat in anything more uncomfortable.I do believe that housekeeping does a nice job, and the staff is certainly trained to be friendly. We travel extensively here and abroad, and stay in a wide variety of establishments. The St. Regis would be at the very bottom of our list compared to other places in this price range. You can get a much better value at several other properties in the city. We chose the St. Regis because of the good reviews on Tripadvisor, and it was the only places that had availability. Now we know why the latter was true. SOMA is a great location and we will definitely make it our destination on every city trip. We will however not return to the St. Regis. They have a lot to learn about blending trend with function. I suggest their management visit some of the Starwood Le Meridians that are Art/Tech style such as Vienna. They will come away with a true appreciation of how style can be enhanced by real amenities for the traveler.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	5	4	2	2	

<Author>sharon2004
<Content>Enjoyable stay. My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights because of the close proximity to Moscone Center, the art museum and great shopping, and of course because of the reviews on Trip Advisor. (How did we ever travel before Trip Advisor?) Loved our time here. We requested and were given a quiet room - on the 17th floor. Everything about the St. Regis is stylish and modern (though not as great as the St. Regis in Manhattan). I loved the TV in the bathroom. Minor annoyances - the tv remote didn't work - probably dead batteries; there was no price list for the overpriced wine in the wet bar - it took 20 minutes to have one sent up; the electronic control center on the nightstand acted up a few times, turning the lights on in the middle of the night; and I find it annoying to be charged extra for the wi-fi use ($15/day). Regarding a couple comments posted earlier about the hallway carpeting, I loved it - a really fun design element. (will post a photo of it) We had the best meal of our stay in the hotel restaurant. The lap pool was warm and beautiful and empty - unfortunately I forgot my suit. Too bad the spa didn't have a basic suit to sell, like they do in some hotels. I would happily stay here again. By the way, San Francisco,what's up with the homeless people on your streets? I've never seen so much panhandling and yelling and screaming and craziness and was actually afraid in some situations.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dandrew
<Content>realy nice hotel The st. Regis was modern and 5 stars. I like the rooms and the pool . Service was the same high standard as at the Ritz Carlton. I like the Ritz better because it was a cooler building. But I think that the St. Regis was nice too, and cheaper.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>himselfetc
<Content>Regis doesn't disappoint The third time I've stayed at the Regis, the first with a significant other. She loved the staff, the location and the design. A textbook example of how a hotel should be run.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shoemakerluis
<Content>Trendy and intimate hotel       night time view from the 16th floor window  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>seanh007
<Content>Chic, modern and uber cool The most sleekly sophisticated hotel I've ever seen, the St. Regis sets a very chic tone with uber-cool colors and designs from the bar to thelobby to the rooms. It's like having your own townhome at the Met or other modern art gallery. For all the formal style to charm the eye there is a great deal of pampering in the perfect beds/linens, inviting bathroom with great bath samples, and the great staff who know how to be formal when necessary but also know when to be warm and friendly.From the personal butler to the restaurant staff to concierge to the folks behind the scenes cooking and cleaning you are made to feel very special. I must complement the cleaning staff who truly outdid themselves to make my room spotless. I could have easily eaten off the bathroom floor.The rooms themselves are fun with cool gadgets that made our stay memorably relaxing. Even my 70+ parents enjoyed the views, the bathtub, and the cool remote controls.Sure you hear some street noise at night even 17 floors up but it is San Francisco (ear plugs for very light sleepers would easily resolve any issues and I'm sure your butler would accomodate). We would defintely stay here again and look forward to other St. Regis hotels on future trips.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveleveryweek
<Content>Love it!! Stayed at this hotel in Dec...last business trip of the year. I travel every week and try to stay at nice hotels, and the St. Regis was no disappointment. It's as clean, nice and upscale as any hotel I've been in. The bar isn't the hippest in the world, but there's a W Hotel a block away if hip is what you're looking for. Overall, the attention to detail, friendliness and helpfullness of the staff, and overall upscale feel of this hotel makes it a true oasis after a long day at work. Take a look at the starwood web site from time to time...they have some great deals...far less than what you might expect to pay.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rane
<Content>design overrides comfort If you like modern design hotel and do not mind so much about practical aspects then this is the perfect place. Every person there is very friendly and helpful.There was very little hanging closet space in our suite bedroom. There were no rail to hang the towels to dry after use so they have tobe changed after each use. Extreme waste of energy.Many minor things that should not happen in a luxury hotel: e.g.One turn-down they took away the wet towels but did not leave dry ones. Bath soap is too big to fit in the soap dish. One morning they did not clean the breakfast table although I have called them. One morning no newspaper, anothor morning not the one that I have asked. The swimming pool is very nice. Water is pleasantly warm, but there isno dressing room to change swim suit after swimming.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>docjennings
<Content>Way cool. Big thumbs up!! You know, when you get what you pay for, this is it!. My husband and I normally dont stay at a more modern hotel, but we were so glad we did. Every gadget you can imagine to make our stay perfecto was a fingertip away. Want the blinds down to make your room pitch black in the middle of the day, just push a button on the side of your bed! Want your butler to run an errand, iron your clothes, or in my case just to come to my room so I can ask his what other people have him do?? (I am not used to butlers).Wow! This place is way cool. Loved every second of it. Bathroom: cool, Bed: comfy, great pillow. Best of all: all the comforts at your fingertips..........literally. How fun!!! Go treat yourself next time you are in San Fran.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travel_blurbs
<Content>Nice stay; some room for improvement Overall, we enjoyed our weekend stay at the St. Regis in San Francisco. The hotel is very modern and sleek, and the front desk and valet staff are extremely efficient. The location is good, right next to SF MOMA and walking distance to Union Square. Our room (deluxe) was good, but a bit on the small side considering the price point. The flat screen TV and bed were nice, and the bottled water at turndown was also a plus. The one negative was the traffic/street noise.Some minor points for improvement: prior to our stay, we received an email message from the hotel concierge asking us for any details of our upcoming stay. I really thought this was a nice touch, and so I responded with some of our preferences, such as a NY Times in the morning. However, during our stay, the preferences were not accommodated. While this isn't a big deal, I left wondering why they would bother to ask if they weren't going to do anything about it. One other point was the gym --- it was functional but small --- I guess I expected something nicer for this type of hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JAXTRVLR
<Content>Great Service! The room was great and very functional (too many hotels put style over function). The electronic command center was very easy and user friendly. What set this hotel apart was the service. We had them recommend restaurants, make reservations, schedule transportation to the airport, and even shine my shoes. Everything was flawless. The location is convenient. The gym is sufficient and the lap pool is a nice touch.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Late20sTraveler
<Content>European hotel in San Fran The hotel was nice enough. It had a European feel to it, beautiful big furniture, a cozy little arrangement. I couldn't sleep (it was ridiculously noisey all day and night) until I called downstairs and they were nice enough to give me a fan, so then I was finally able to fall asleep. The hotel is so close to Union Square - so if you want to go shopping this is a good location. It's right across from a Walgreens which I found quite convenient as I always buy my water anywhere but at the hotel.The breakfast is decent, room service just okay, takes quite awhile for it to come up which is fairly normal. I didn't have any problems with the place, but I just wouldn't stay again b/c I wasn't impressed with San Fran. I was surprised at how dirty it was and all of the bums on the street. I've traveled around everywhere but in San Francisco the bums actually yell at people all the time! Not all of them, but it was pretty significant. The other touristy places I visited were just that. Next time, I'll skip it all and just stay in Sonoma:)  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Javarama
<Content>Perfect high-end hotel I travel extensively (investment banker) and was thoroughly impressed with the St Regis in San Fran. Definitely one of the nicest hotels in the country and the service was impeccable. Not sure how anyone could have anything but a great stay there unless that person is impossible to please. But, now that I think about it, my wife had a great stay there too!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LilbearLilbear
<Content>I want to go back! Amazing! Suprise birthday weekend for my boyfriend. Upon on arrival we were upgraded to a corner room with amazing views. We felt so comfortable in our beautiful room that we couldn't wait to get back to it at the end of the day and spent quite some time in throughout outr stay. It maybe pricey but if you can appreciate the finer things in life it is definitely worth it! Go ahead and splurge. P.S. If the Bentley is available for the night make sure to take a ride in it on your way to dinner!you can email me qwith questions, I have a few pics that were too large to upload,  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>southerntravler3940
<Content>Perfection !!!!!!!! Just returned with friends from a 4 night stay at the wonderful St. Regis ..What a fabulous experience !!!! From the front desk, concierge (David) to the entire staff .... PERFECTION !!!! The room was a beautitul zen like ambience with controls even for shades and black out shades...beds so comfortable and large marble bath with amazing shower with rain showerhead...I am the most particular and this hotel was one of the highlights of our trip ... The most eager to please and kindest staff ..ask and it was done ...  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malibuLBK
<Content>Wonderful stay at the St. Regis My fiance and I stayed at the St. Regis, San Francisco last weekend for my birthday and to celebrate our engagement. The hotel sent us an email a few days before our stay asking if there was anything they could do for us and if we were celebrating a special occasion. We told them our situation and arrived at the hotel to find that they had upgraded our room and had left a birthday cake in the room for me. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The service was impeccable and the room was extremely comfortable. We alwayed looked forward to returning to it after our walks around the city. There is a wonderful chaise lounge perched in front of the windows overlooking the city that was so comfortable to sit in and gaze at the view. Also, the bed and Pratesi lines were amazingly comfortable and we enjoyed the rain bath shower as well.We have decided we never want to stay anywhere else when visiting San Fancisco.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlliJ
<Content>Noisy - and not just from the street I wanted to be able to say good things about this hotel. It has a great location and the concierge was a life-saver when my baby-sitter had to cancel at the last minute. The staff was much more family friendly that I had feared. My 12th floor room was lovely and comfortable.BUTI agree with the poster who said street noise is to be expected. Yes, there is a fire station near-by and yes there are sirens. Also, while the soundproofing between the rooms is fine, the noise from the hall comes through the doors loud and clear. If you are a light sleeper, stay elsewhere. However, the real problem was management's decision to book the open-air fourth story deck for an extremely loud party that went on until 11:30 at night. The people dancing and whooping to the bad 80s music seemed to be having a great time. I would have liked to have been able to sleep in my fairly expensive bed. Moral of my story - ask about events on the Yerba Buena Plaza and make sure you are on the opposite side if you want to sleep.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pillowsofwanderlust
<Content>My new favourite San Francisco hotel I had the pleasure of staying at the St. Regis for 4 nights while attending a convention at the adjacent Moscone Center. The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is next door. Union Square, Market St. and the Ferry Building/Farmer's Market are within walking distance. The hotel deserves high praise for its location, design, style, technology, amenities and especially its service. The St. Regis and Luxury Collection are the Starwood group's high end chains. Having stayed 3 times at the wonderful St. Regis New York and having visited the St. Regis Monarch Beach CA and Washington DC, I was looking forward to my stay here, and at a convention group rate to boot.The hotel is about 2 years old and located on the corner of Mission and 3rd. Directly on the corner, the facade of a historic 8 story building was preserved and a high rise tower was integrated behind, beside and above it, on what once was a parking lot. The hotel occupies the first 20 floors of the tower; the top 20 or so floors are St. Regis residences. Within the older building are the hotel's 2 restaurants--Ame (dinner) on the first floor and Vitrine (breakfast and lunch) on the 4th--as well as the 2 level spa and offices. There is a landscaped terrace on the roof and another larger terrace on the 4th floor which was tented for an outdoor dinner party when I was there. The lobby in the newer building is compact but stylish and well-designed. A design feature of rose petals is echoed throughout the public areas.Our convention rate was for the superior room category on the lower floors (5-8), so I was pleasantly surprised when I was upgraded to a deluxe room--same size but on a higher floor (15). I also was able to check in early. My room looked similar to the photos posted on 1/1/06 by a TripAdvisor member from Sunnyvale CA. My room faced west with a view of Yerba Buena Gardens, Moscone and points beyond. The east facing rooms face the Bay, but several employees told me the views are often obstructed by the high rise office buildings of the Financial District.The room itself was not too large but contemporary and sleek. The entry foyer had a table, wooden floor sculpture and leather walls. There was another wood wall hanging in the bedroom. The bedside table held the St. Regis signature phone/computer that can control the thermostat, lights, window shades, alarm clock, etc. via a touch screen. There were 2 desk chairs and an easy chair, but no chaise lounge or fainting chair as seen on the hotel web site. There was a large marble window ledge--great for counter space. One wall held the 42 flat screen TV (which did not swivel) and 3 recessed doors--one was a too small closet (only about 2 feet of space), another held a safe, fax machine (out of ink) and 3 drawers, the third held the minibar and fridge and DVD/CD player. The spacious bath had an enclosed WC, a tub that opened onto the bedroom, a separate shower stall with marble bench, rain head plus hand-held head. There was a 2nd flat screen TV, but only one sink. In the room and bath, there were not enough places to hang clothes or towels.Technological glitches included: 2 remotes did not work but were quickly repaired (batteries?). With the phone/computer, the party I was speaking to occasionally could not hear me, though I could hear them. The hotel turned this glitch into an example of great service when I requested a wake-up call and the operator called twice but could not hear me, so she sent someone up immediately to give me a personal wake up call at the door. Alas, the phone still was acting up on check out day. Overall service was top notch--quick, courteous and professional--especially the front desk and housekeeping. The problem of a constantly barking dog in the next room was handled well and with many apologies. The doormen were not so attentive--often talking with the valets. No one helped me when I walked up with my luggage when first checking in. Some of the concierge staff, while helpful, were a bit aloof. I believe all the St. Regis' offer Butler Service. In New York this is quite formal, but seems less so here. One Butler I spoke to on the phone was rather unprofessional--when she couldn't answer my question, she yelled/asked another employee without putting me on hold, so I could hear every thing.The public facilities include a medium sized fitness center open 24 hours with the friendliest staff, and a wonderful indoor infinity lap pool, also open 24 hours. The whirlpool, steam room and sauna are within the spa--all are on the small side. The Business Center consists of 2 computers and one printer squeezed into a 3rd floor alcove by the elevators. This may be a temporary location.Regarding the sound of sirens mentioned in other reviews--yes you can hear them, but I imagine the other nearby hotels--W, Four Seasons, Westin, Marriott--can as well.I have stayed at a few other high-end hotels here--the Ritz Carlton, Campton Place, the Palace. I would like to one day try the Four Seasons and the Mandarin Oriental, but for now the St. Regis is my favourite San Francisco hotel.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mpmark
<Content>Tasteful, Modern Luxury at the St. Regis The St. Regis San Fran is a beautiful high-rise property in a great location in one of my favorite cities. The staff was highly-attentive, but never intrusive. The room service was phenommenal and always hot, delicious, and on-time. The beds and high tech window controls were wonderful too. I didn't get a chance to eat at Ame, but I heard wonderful things about the restaurant in the hotel. The bar area was always popular for cocktails and the gym was fantastic. I would highly recommned making reservations at Gary Danko for dinner, one of the best meals I've ever had! Also Boulevard and Postrio were fantastic and R  G Lounge has amazing, authentic chinesse food. I also loved Taylor's Refresher along the Embarcadero for fun and delicious diner style food in an open, casual atmosphere.Overall, the St. Regis is the place to stay if you are looking for one of the best hotels in San Fran with luxury, privacy, and amazing service.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gumdoc45
<Content>Great experience This is a small boutique style hotel that delivers in terms of service and quality of rooms. The fitness center is adequate although not extraordinary. The rooms were outstanding in every way. Clean, modern, high tech, and hip. We had dinner at their restaurant Ame, and it was outstanding. This is not an inexpensive hotel, but you do get what you pay for. We stayed here as part of a convention, and the hotel is 1 block from the convention center.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flatironjake
<Content>pricey... but worth it. this is a great hotel. I stayed here with my wife for five nights during our honeymoon. We booked an executive premier room via Amex and were able to get a free upgrade to an Astor suite (via Amex platinum). The suite was spacious and beautiful. The automated shades are a great touch. Our personal butler was extremely helpful. The concierge did a great job recommending restaurants and helped us set up a wonderful day trip to Sonoma. Vitrine, the restaurant on the third floor serves a nice breakfast, and the lobby bar was a terrific place to have a drink. I was originally reluctant to stay here because of the expensive rates, but you really do get what you pay for.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>oundine
<Content>Great hotel, very expensive Booked through Starwood which was probably a mistake. They were unclear as to the final price of the stay. They only quoted one night's price and stated that that price was for the entire stay.Hotel itself is very nice. The rooms are elegant, well laid out and had plenty of light. All the controls were fully automated and were accessible via a remote by the bed. The bathroom was spacious and the shower featured a rainfall shower head and a seating area in the shower along with a separate bath area. The concierge was helpful along with the front desk. Everyone was very courteous and service was excellent. Only blemish would be the lady who came by to fluff our bed. She ignored our do not disturb light and walked right in. I suppose that getting a bed fluffed might be important to some people but it was rather a nuisance to have someone just barge in. The restaurant below, Ame, is _ok_ but not as good as some reviews would have it. The staff there was also excellent and helpful although our waiter disappeared for long periods of time to talk ot 2 (single?) females eating together. He seemed to enjoy talking to them quite a bit which deterred from the otherwise great service.The elevators are quick and we only had to share it once with one other couple. They are well timed and calibrated so you barely notice the acceleration and deceleration of the elevator.The indoor pool, outdoor lounge area, indoor lounge area and the fitness center are top notch although the indoor pool can be a bit tricky to find. That may have been the reason why it was empty when we went which was a boon for us.Parking is valet only and internet is not free. There is supposedly a business center but we never could find it.But for all this there is a price to be paid. At the original price of $800 / night for our room, it would be very hard to justify staying there. I'm sure you can get cheaper rates than that as the price may have been inflated due to the All Star game. Still very hard to justify when other great hotels are in the general location at 1/3 the price.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	2	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NeilMacUK
<Content>Luxury and Style Arrived here to a very good reception, even though we were early, this wasn't mentioned. The butler who met us at our room, showed us all the controls for everything. Mentioned the free bottled water, which they would and did willingly resupply. Loved the fact the swimming pool was open 24 hours so when my partner and i returned after a night out, we just went for a swim. Would recommend it to anyone. Oh and despite having a room facing the park, noise wasnt a problem, but maybe this is because it was a weekend.And lastly Michael who found us taxi whenever we needed one was a delight.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RAZEONE
<Content>Overall good experience but very noisy Spent 5 nights at the St. Regis from 8/30 鈥?9/5 and stayed in an executive premiere room on the 18th floor. Check-in went smooth. The views from my corner room were exceptional. Hotel was in a good location. Overall my experience was rather enjoyable and I discuss the room, restaurant and spa in detail below but the Noise level alone might keep me from returning to this hotel in the future. As others have discussed the fire station is located just a few blocks down from the hotel. I am not sure if it has to do with the fact that my room was located on the corner facing the street and that the windows were floor to ceiling but the noise level from the fire engines, police cars and ambulances is unbelievably loud. And the problem is that it is rather frequent and at all hours of the night. All I can say is that I hope they put in better sound proofing for the residences because if I had to listen to these loud noises in my home I would go crazy. Since we got that out of the way I will give you more detailed info about the specifics of the hotel.The Room:The bathroom was of average size with a nice shower and an individual size tub. I found the closest to be a bit small. I was the only using the closest but I imagine that it would be rather cramped for two people. The Plasma was a nice touch but was a bit small given the distance from the bed. The bed was very comfortable. The Maid service was great every time I stepped out I returned to a clean room. The control panel was a nice touch and very easy to use.The black out shades kept the room nice and dark all the way into the morning hours of sunshine.I like the complimentary water bottles they provide every time they clean the room.The internet was a bit pricey ($15/day) but I did like the wireless aspect.The Restaurant:I ate at AME one night and had a great experience. Although it was expensive the service was great and I had some of the best seared albacore I have ever had in my life. The menu is a bit exotic so if you are more conservative you might struggle to find something you enjoy.The Spa:I went to the spa for a 60 minute massage. I found the Men鈥檚 locker room to be a bit small and did not like that fact that there was nowhere to sit. You have to leave the locker room and take an elevator down to the waiting area, which is very small and underwhelming. The steam room had an odd smell. The sauna was adequate.The massage was one of the worst I have ever had. I feel that the masseuse did not really listen to my needs and her technique was just odd. I don鈥檛 believe it is my responsibility to have to tell the masseuse how to do her job. The bottom line with the spa was that it was expensive and I went there out of convenience but in the future I would probably make the trip to another spa as there are many nice spas in the city and most of them are less expensive. Should mention that a friend of mine (woman) had a massage and enjoyed it so maybe my experience was not the norm.Conclusion:So there was good and bad. I guess the moral of the story is stay here if you don鈥檛 care about value and you own some ear plugs then this could be the right choice for you.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Danicro
<Content>Nice Hotel but don't stay here with the kids My wife and two boys (ages 10 and 11) stayed here in mid-August on the first leg of a California coastal vacation. The hotel is a sleek, new and modern mid-rise building in a very good location in SOMA. The lobby is impressive with a unique gas fireplace/ that acts as a barrier/partition to the bar and lounge area. The first floor also has an upscale seafood restaurant that is behind the bar area and hidden from the main lobby. Basically, I would stay in this hotel again if I was alone or with my wife but I would not stay here again with children. There's basically nothing at all for kids to do here. The service was quite good. The rooms are nice and clean with neat electronics that operate everything including all the room lighting, Flat Panel TV and draperies. There was light marble (almost a blond color) throughout the rooms and in the lobby which provided a very rich feel. Bathrooms are very good with very large, ceiling mounted shower heads. There is a very nice indoor pool but it is a very quiet room. Keep the kids voices down. The workout room is very good and was staffed by the friendliest person at the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>cel007
<Content>unforgettable what a wonderful hotel we chose to stay in during our trip to San Francisco. The decor is modern but warm with the most beautiful rooms I've had the chance of staying in. I love that it is not frilly and stuffy - just clean and plush. And that bathroom. I never wanted to leave. It is enormous with a panel/door that opens from the tub should you want to soak yet look out into the room. Also a flat screen tv in the bathroom if you prefer privacy. The shower is enormous with a rain-shower head and bench. The doors are frosted glass and an individual 'room' within the bathroom for the toilet which was a nice touch. My favorite experience however was the spa. My massage was truly incredible - also involved deep stretching which was new to me but i loved. The waiting area provided champagne and chocolates, while the rest of the facility boasted a hottub (complete with cucumber slices) sauna and steam room, which i highly recommend taking advantage of. If you book a night here, do yourself a favor and also book something from the spa - it's such a treat.without a doubt i would highly recommend the st. regis.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Star2
<Content>Style is Born Our recent trip to San Francisco Aug.31-Sept.3 Labor Day weekend was fantastic.The hotel is very understated from the outside, but once inside it is minimalistic , contemporary and very fashionable.Very much my taste.The check in was swift and butler shows you to your room.We booked 1017-1018 adjoining rooms by one master door but still able to close individual doors for privacy.One was a Metropolitan Suite and the other a regular room.Great If you go with kids or my case a Mother-in-law.Very quiet room, never heard any noise or even saw a single person in the hallways for 4 days.However ,like the post before,the sirens(from fire station) are a little much and over the holiday weekend there were alot of alarms.The rooms were clean,stylish and comfortable.A couple of missed items were:no washcloths left each day after room cleaned.Had to call for them.No problem as they were delivered right away.One sink in master bathroom drained really slow( if at all) sometimes. Only one remote worked,batteries changed and still didnt work. Small problems,but for this hotel things should be pitch perfect.We went to go out for dinner one evening and ask the valet to hail a cab for us and he got the house car brought around and had John the driver take us to dinner in the St.Regis Bentley.Awesome ride and an incredible touch of class.The lounge is a great place to have an after dinner drink and sit by the wall with fire .Very comfortable.The young ladies that delivered drinks were well trained in customer service and presentation.Being in a service oriented hometown one can appreciate a city that believes in customer service and treats guests well every where we went.I love the hotel and will stay here always.Also-I fell in love with some features from our room, and upon checkout ask about them.Within 5 minutes a full page of suppliers with names of colors,styles and phone numbers was delivered to me.Its not about how tall you are standing on your wallet,but rather find what type of place makes you happy and this hotel as it all.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingFamilyGuy
<Content>Really great service, wonderful food, beware the Firestation Noise! Well, this was a disappointment. Booked the St. Regis, on 3rd Street and Mission in San Francisco for a night away from the kids for our anniversary. What went well:-Great service-Wonderful location-Ame, the restaurant, has surprising and delicious food in a quiet enough room that adults can talk!-Style, style, style in the public rooms, in the room decoration, in the bathroom design...-Neat views overlooking the Yerba Buena complex-Enthralling use of gratuitous touch screen technology to control the drapes, shades, lights, wakeup and phone-Good damping of REGULAR traffic noise from 3rd Street-Stylish, beautiful people drifting through the lobby; makes it exciting to check-in and sit for a drink.-Heard little or nothing from any of the rooms around us or from the hallway during our stay.What was puzzling and not so good:-The San Francisco Fire Department's Station 1 is located around the corner at 676 Howard St./3rd St. Would you like to guess how many times they went out on Friday night? 6! Would you like to guess how clearly you can hear the sirens of the pumper and the ladder truck? Ah, very, very clearly indeed, even from a high, high room...I think the acoustician on this hotel job must have underestimated the impact of that station. Whoa.If I had an important meeting the next meeting and didn't have any ear plugs...Not so good.BTW, I would be cautious of book the W hotel on the corner of 3rd and Howard for the same reason; it might be even LOUDER because it's even closer.Hope this helps someone pick a quieter property....  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bostonguy505
<Content>The best The rooms are huge with high ceilings and top contemporary furnishings. Overall the rooms and the hotel is comfortable, spacious and a destination you won't want to leave. I preferred it to the four seasons but both are exceptional  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>kliz15
<Content>st regis a gem stayed at a st. regis property for the first time. I could not have been happier with the experience. Location of the hotel was great for walking to union square and was less than a mile from att park where the sf giants play. From the moment my wife and i entered we were treated five star. Butler was well spoken and very informative and the concierge helped us with all our traveling needs in the area. The rooms were the nicest i have stayed in at any hotel. I travel alot all over the u.s. and for me these took top marks. Very modern rooms with 42 plasma tv. The bathrooms were large with separate shower and toilet from the main bathroom. The bed was comfortable with plush linens. Great experience, this is where I am staying next time I am in town.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gascony
<Content>great location not so great hotel stayed at the st regis for 4 nights in early august. stayed in a suite (astor) which was pretty small even by US hotel standards and really wasn't anything special - i was on the 15th floor and so no view either. hotel bar was actually really great - good atmosphere and the bar staff were great. the spa was fabulous - great treatments and really cool setting. only had room service (breakfast) but it was efficient if not the best food. the concierge (always something i focus on!) desk was pretty useless - couldn't get tickets for a show that wasn't exactly the hotest ticket in town; booked a restaurant for us that was a really dull local italian with nothing special about it - could have been anywhere in the world and the food was average (i asked for somewhere not too fancy but not too casual that had great food and was typically californian......the place they booked was nothing like this AND when we arrived they didn't actually have our reservation!). directions to places were given reluctantly and there was always a queue. they suggested i take a taxi to the hairdressers which was a 3 minute walk away....! overall, ok hotel, nothing special and wouldn't go back  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Perigrinator
<Content>Rotten, Wretched, Regis This is an updated review - I wrote a review of the St. Regis in March 2007 and gave the hotel high marks - I returned this time because of the positive experience the first time. Unfortunately, this rating, I give the hotel a -10 rating on a scale of 1-10. This experience was just the opposite of my first stay. The first stay, the service was impeccable; this stay, the service was haughty and pompous; the room was dirty; and nothing in the room worked; the digital clocks had the wrong time and date (guests can't change the clock time or date and thus, I had to call engineering); the TV was inoperable - yet another call to engineering!; the internet was not working - yes, yet another call to engineering. After four calls to the front desk to have engineering come to my room - the front desk was less than cooperative. After my stay, I sent and email to the executive assistant of the General Manager and they never responded. Long and short, an horrible stay. After the stay, Starwood hotels and St. Regis sent me a customer survey - I filled it out indicating the above. The GM of the St. Regis THEN saw fit to contact me and basically scolded me for filling out the critique! and not giving them a chance to get back to me. In any event, the GM did not make it right. Starwood did a follow up survey and contacted me again and I reiterated the above - they were apologetic and explainded that the hotel had undergone a management change but there was no excuse for the poor behavior or poor service. Having said that, while I may stay at other Starwood properties, I will not go back to the St Regis in SF unless current mgmt. changes...  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	4	1	4	

<Author>ByronDreams
<Content>Very Nice Property, Fantastic Food, Needs a little Warmth Stayed for weekend getaway. Courteous, helpful front desk staff. They all seemed young and a bit unsure of themselves, but they definitely wanted to be helpful which goes a long way. We mentioned that it was a special occasion and they upgraded the room to a suite and left a small and quite delicious cake in our room. The room itself was very nice, but didn't feel as posh as I expected considering the hype. The beds are exceptional and the bathroom was really lovely, but the rest of the room and furnishings felt quite cold. The design in both the rooms and lobby is so restrained that it has no discernable style other than modern. It comes across as cold. That's okay for a garden variety Westin, but if the St. Regis is supposed to be the Lexus of the Starwood properties, I think they need to bring it up a notch.A few small splashes of color, a plant, or flowers would go a long way to making these rooms special and giving them some warmth. The lobby and lobby bar also have a cold vibe. The food was fantastic across the board -- in room, at the bar and at the restaurant, Ame. Room service breakfast was prompt and absolutely delicious. Appetizers and drinks at the bar were creative and tasty. Dinner at Ame was delicious and unusual and the staff was extremely knowledgeable and gracious.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PFoggSydney
<Content>Comfortable but oddly pedestrian I stayed on the 19th Floor in a Grand Deluxe room which was very comfortable with a good view and a spacious and luxurious bathroom. However, the set up for in room dining is odd for two people;one person sits on the bed the other on the mini chaise. There is no tea or coffee making faciliites in the room ,which I admit is a pet hate of mine however this is exacerbated when it then takes twenty to 30 minutes for a pot of tea to arrive which costs $25, plus the tip for the waiter.So for all the sales pitch about St Regis service, guests at this hotel are always being lead into ways with require interaction with the staff . This may suit some people, however, it is not good if you happen to prefer some privacy and seclusion at the end of the day.Finally, for all the design hype about this hotel ( Wallpaper guide etc) , the public spaces are strangely prosaic. They lack originality and depth; it all feels a bit cramped, transient and superficial.I absolutely do not understand the excitement about this hotel. It is comfortable but far from excellent. I can recommend it only as another fairly standard five standard.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	3	2	3	2	5	

<Author>TJM-SD
<Content>flawless My partner, daughter and I stayed for a three-day weekend in mid-June. From the moment we set foot on the property we were very pleased with the level of unpretentious service as well as the quality and aesthetics of the hotel--extremely well thought-out and executed. They provide a very civilized environment.It's always impressive to be greeted by name every time the doorman opens the door for you, to have surprise goodies in the room after a long day of touring, and to have a (fairly) quiet beautifully appointed sanctuary in which to rest.Suggestions for visitors: arrive in style at nearby attractions/restaurants in the evening by taking advantage of complimentary chauffeured car service in the St Regis Bentley Continental Silver Spur; enjoy a peaceful reprieve around the (deserted) pool; have a great workout in the very well-appointed gym/fitness center; print boarding passes, use the internet, in the business center (again, complimentary). As a frequent traveler to other 4-5 star hotels, I would put the SF St Regis as one of the top 2-3 hotels I've stayed at---worldwide....and we didn't just get lucky---they truly know what they're doing to make your stay memorable.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>212Girl
<Content>This is how it's done! I travel to San Francisco often for work; the St. Regis is the nicest and coolest one I have stayed at yet! The decor is modern, but not over the top modern, just contemporary. Beautifully appointed entry and very welcoming staff. They walked me up to my room to explain the new technology - which is highlighted by a digital device that controls everything from room service to lighting to the do not disturb sign, all with bedside convenience. The beds are fluffy and obviously extremely clean. The place was spotless. Bathroom necessities smell amazing, was tempted to swipe them! The gym is great, not huge but certainly new and good equipment. There is also a huge pool, if you are a swimmer be sure to visit. I did not use the spa during my stay but the menu looked extensive. There is a Japanese restaurant inside the hotel that had amazing sushi. The price is pretty high, but well worth it in today's market, especially for business travelers. My only complaint is that my friend parked there for 2 1/2 hours and it cost her $36. I'm from NYC and I think that is pretty insane. Overall, fantastic.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dkseattle
<Content>New luxurious hotel This is a beautiful, new hotel with a luxurious and modern style in the financial district. Food was excellent and service was strong overall, although I have a couple of knits which prevented me from giving them a 5. They lost my dry cleaning and returned it a day late, although they were immensley apologetic and didnt charge me. They also had a great feature in the room, a printer with a nice long USB cord - I was thrilled since I could print out my boarding pass right in my room and head off to the airport - whoops, the ink on the print cartridge was running low - no luck. The thought behind the printer was great - execution left a bit to be desired.Nevertheless - a nice stay. I'd definitely give them another shot.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rhodepop
<Content>Stay off the 7th floor if you do not smoke Our experience was not so hot. Stayed Sat-Thurs but my wife went to the hotel Spa on Friday so I confirmed, in person, our non-smoking room a day before checkout. When checking in on Saturday, I confirmed with the staff that our room was non-smoking. Around 1:30 am we were awakened by the smell of cigarette smoke and a VERY loud party down the hall. We called the front desk and they sent someone up. It happened again around 3. This time, I was told that our floor was a smoking floor and that we could move to another floor (at 3 am). I'm sorry but this is not the Red Roof Inn. The information given to me was wrong 3 times. Unacceptable. We moved floors the next day and the rest of the stay was OK.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>Writer/Director
<Content>Visually divine, but... We were looking forward to staying at the St. Regis because we'd heard so much about the legendary service. Because of my job I don't often have time to do any research for restaurants to go to when travelling. I rely a lot of the time on the advice from the concierge where I'm staying. In the past I've never had an issue. But the concierge staff at the St. Regis needs a major overhaul. It was some of the worst service I've ever had. And that it was in a St. Regis is very surprising.The room was nice and clean. The rain shower was divine. The LCD screen by the bedside didn't always work. When selecting certain lights to go off, they wouldn't work - so we had to unplug lamps. Too bad the windows don't open and the AC blower isn't so strong.For the full story - keep reading. Otherwise, that's about it.FULL STORY:When we checked in, I asked the concierge for a restaurant where we could get Halibut. And maybe something with pasta. He sent us to a place called Rose Pistola in North Beach. When we got our menus we noticed there was no Halibut on it. That was irritating. We asked for a restaurant with Halibut and he sent us to a place WITHOUT it. Very strange.The only other item on the menu that looked decent was the Risotto. They were out of it. By that point it was nearly 9 PM - our choices were to eat there or go back and order over-priced room service. We asked our waitress if the chef would make us Aglio e Olio (an italian staple). He did, but it wasn't very good. In fact, we didn't see any garlic in it at all. The atmosphere in the restaurant was similar to an Applebees and the food wasn't much better. It was not authentic Italian.When we got back to the hotel I called to speak with the Concierge to inform him that he'd really let us down. He'd left for the day so I told the person who answered the phone. The man said the concierge would call us at 8:30 AM so I could tell him what kind of lousy dinner we had.No call from the concierge the next morning. The least he could've done was apologize.So I called him. That day (Monday) there was a new concierge working. I asked him to find us a place for lunch that served Caprese (that typical italian buffalo mozzarella and tomato salad). He gave us his favorite place, Scala's - and another one down the street.On our way to lunch we walked to a chocolatier given to us by Concierge Number 1 when we asked for a place to buy truffles. We said we wanted the best truffles - but NOT Joseph Schmidtt truffles. Well... We arrived at the address and noticed it was a candy store. They had chocolate items, yes, but none of them were truffles. Not a single one.We then walked all the way to the restaurant for lunch and noticed there was no Caprese on their menu. At this point it was like a running joke. Now Concierge Number 2 had failed.After running a Wild Goose Chase due to unaware and incompetant concierges we decided to just go back and look up Fodor's and Conde Nast online. Though Concierge Number 2 had booked us a place for dinner that evening, I didn't want to risk it. Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results is insanity! It was our last night in the city and we were determined to find a good restaurant in San Francisco.Within 10 minutes online we'd found the best rated place in the city that was open on a Monday night (Jardiniere) and booked a table.Back in our room, Jeremy the Front Desk Manager sent his apologies and some wine and cheese. It was a very thoughtful note. Simply the mere mention was nice. Neither of the Concierges apologized. I got the feeling they don't like to admit fault.The trouble is = the database used by the concierge staff is not good. They need to compare that to Fodors and Zagats. Rose Pistola got 2 stars (out of five). That would've been nice to know. Had I known that, we'd have never gone there. Halibut or not. The other problem is they think about their personal tastes... Never once considering the tastes of their clients. They also need to ask better questions. Simply typing in the word chocolate into their database isn't going to bring up the best truffles in the city.Obviously it's my fault I relied on the concierges. But as a filmmaker, I don't often have time and in the past it's always been a great experience to rely on concierge wisdom. I shall think twice about returning to a St. Regis.For the price, one would think they'd have their act together by now.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	5	1	2	

<Author>PSTravelingMan
<Content>Excellent Hotel in Every Way Just spent 4 nights at the St. Regis Hotel in San Francisco. We have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. Its a beautiful hotel, very modern, comfortable and quiet. The hotel staff is friendly and efficient. The beds are very comfortable, the rooms are large with great views of the city and very quiet. This is how a 5-star hotel should be.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Guest12OrangeCounty
<Content>Love this Luxurious Hotel We stayed at this hotel 3 nights at the end of April. I love the room, the service, and the location! We got a standard room on the 10th floor, so the noise that others mentioned did not bother us. The room was spacious and very comfortable, especially the bathroom; although I wish that there鈥檚 double sink instead of one. The control panel quit working one morning but they sent someone to fix it quickly after we reported it.The pool is nice but there's no one there during our entire stay. The pool water might be a bit cold. The exercise room is big and again, no one was using it. I wanted to use the steam room and Jacuzzi on Sunday morning (around 9:30 am) but there was a man in the women dressing room asking me to come back in 10 min because he needed to fix something; I found it awkward since they should have kept the door locked when doing maintenance.The concierge was excellent. We were on the road and called the concierge for dinning reservation. Very knowledgeable staff!Overall this hotel is very luxurious, modern, and extremely clean. We love to come back in the future.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Mike_the_traveller
<Content>Excellent, can use a few touch ups here and there. My three night stay at the St. Regis San Francisco property was excellent. But there are some areas that can need improvements. But first lets get to the positives. full disclosure: we got upgraded from deluxe corner room to metropolitian suite due to SPG Platinum status.Postives: the suites are very large with two flat screen tv and 1 small tv in the bathroom. the bathroom amentities are probably the best I've seen among the luxury hotel chains. everything in the room is controlled by electronic key pad (windows, lights, alarm, do not distrub sign, etc). The property is new so you will have updated modern decor and new furniture. The bathrooms are huge! Almost 1/3 the size of the room itself. Everything was clean and housekeeping came twice a day. it seems like they know when we're leaving and when we're in the room. Turndown service always included bottle water. There was not a morning when they forgot to bring my Wall Street Journal and my requested US Today (you'll be surprised how often hotels forget or don't care). Towels are soft and constantly refreshed and well stocked. Wireless internet in the room! The doorman, bellman, and parking attendants are very nice and knowledgable. This property is walking distance from the shops at Union Square and the SF Moma (but very far from Fisherman Wharf, the piers, Golden Gate Bridge). The decor is very modern, clean, and intricate. They definitely spent alot building and decoring the entire hotel. The pool is open 24 hrs (no lifeguard). The pool is very clean and nice. It is also ideal for swimming laps. The valet service was FAST and front desk always personally called for our morning wake up call (not a machine). Cons: No ice machine. Unfortunately you have to call to have ice delivered to the rooms. Sometimes its just easier to walk down the hall to get it youself. The shower did not have a curtain or door, so you end up splashing water everywhere. My wife complained that it took her forever to wash her hair b/c of the rain showers. Since the showers did not have doors or curtains, the whole bathroom fogs up, preventing you from using the mirrors afterwards. Most upscale luxury hotels have doors where the toilets are, this one did not. May be inconvient when you're sharing the bathroom with someone else or would prefer more privacy. I like the open feel but not in this area! Internet still cost additional $15 when you are already paying $800+ per night (whereas internet at low end properties like Hilton Garden Inns are usually free).. a bit backwards. Overnight parking for guests is $51. This is the highest I've ever paid for overnight parking at a hotel. The butler service that comes complimentary wwith the room is a bit annoying. She went through the entire routine of showing us where every single thing is down to the light switch and how to plug in your ipod in the dvd player. Wasted about 15min of our time when we arrive in our room. The hotel needs to realize when guests arrive to their rooms, they just want to relax and not be bothered. Breakfast was insanely expensive ($5 for OJ and $16 for Pancakes... before tax, tip, and service charge). I'm sorry... but no plain pancakes are worth $16. The house car (Bentley) was always out or busy, so we did not get to use it at all despite asking every single day for 3 nights. One night we lucked out and it was available but the driver said they are restricted to a 2 mile radius around the hotel (so its pretty much useless in my opinion). Not sure if that was true or if he just didnt want to do his job. The rooms did not have and ironing board, iron, or coffee machine (maybe ppl that pay $800+ a night do not iron their own clothes or make their own coffee?).Tips: get a room a few floors above 8th floor. We can hear the cars at night below (sirens, police cars, car engines, etc). Walk down the block for Starbucks or Peets Coffee for morning fix.Overrall: You DO get what you pay for. The property is very luxurious and the service perfect. But since everything is so expensive, it really leaves no room for error. Perfection should be expected. I give it a five star because I think it deserves it, but it needs to fix my above mentioned pts before I come back again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoTraveler7
<Content>Perfection I can't say enough good things about this hotel. I stayed at the St. Regis recently for a business meeting. The entire stay was flawless. From check-in to check-out, the staff was helpful and gracious, and did everything they could to make my visit more pleasant.The room itself was comfortable, luxurious, and immaculate. The shower was one of those rainwater showers, and I hated to get out of it! There was also a wonderful soaking tub. The bed was comfortable, with plenty of pillows and indulgent bed linens. The TV in the bathroom area (as well as in the main bedroom) was a nice touch.As an example of the level of service, I asked for an iron, and they had it at my room in under ten minutes.The hotel has city maps available through the concierge, and they're excellent; they're the only map you'll need to find your way around the city. The St. Regis is in a terrific location, and is only a block from the Montgomery Street BART station-- very handy.We held our meeting onsite as well, and the conference facilities were far above average (as was the in-house catering). This will be a difficult standard to live up to for future meetings!I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>t_rose72
<Content>Beautiful hotel, fantastic service! This is the second time I've stayed at the St. Regis and it was just as grand this time as the last time!The rooms are luxurious, comfortable and I had a great view of the city! The service is wonderful from the minute you drive up to the minute you check out.The only feedback I would have is that for some reason it's hard to locate on the block. Both times I went there, I drove past it without even seeing it the first time. But maybe that's just me. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mstolper
<Content>perfect They really got this one right. Beautiful rooms, great location, perfect service. This gives the Four Seasons and the Mandarin Oriental in S.F something to aspire to.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lillafury
<Content>Fantastic! My husband and I spent part of our honeymoon at the St. Regis. We had a fabulous stay. The rooms are lovely, and very thoughtfully laid out. We had a great view of Yerba Buena Gardens. Room service didn't bat an eye when we ordered two plates of bacon and a pot of tea for breakfast. Concierge service was fantastic--when my wedding flowers didn't arrive on schedule, the concierge called the florist to remind them and then had the flowers sent right up to the room. The decor is modern Asian influenced, very elegant and slightly somber, but not dark and brooding. The car valet was prompt and friendly. The location can't be beat--close to the freeway if you are driving from either Oakland or SFO. Short walk to Union Square and all the downtown SF sights. We were on the 14th floor but had no street noise at all; even the sirens from the firehouse around the corner were muted. No noise from adjacent rooms at all. The towels and linens were super soft and cuddly, and the mattress was the best I've slept on in a long time. I would stay at this hotel again in heartbeat--in fact, I'm sorry I'm not there right now! It's expensive but worth every penny.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PwCTrojan
<Content>One of my favorite hotels! This hotel is now one of my favorite places to stay! The rooms are stylish with alot of high tech features and the decor of the hotel is modern but not to the point where it feels sterile. Ame restaurant has amazing food and nice atmosphere. Remede spa was also a delight! I got the seaweed detox wrap and it was on of my favorite treatments ever. The spa is just the right size and does not get crowded, which is very important to me. You literally never have to leave this hotel or feel like you want to, that's how great it is. I will definitely return to this hotel when I'm looking for a nice weekend getaway .  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MangoChetney
<Content>Hotel Consistent With These Latest Revies Used 1000 starpoints to drop the price to $300 on 2/17. The overnight parking fee with tax for one night was $51. The superior room was wonderfully appointed with the outstanding bath area. One quirk - the in-room bar offers beer and wine so I called room service to deliver two mixed drinks. They said it is policy not to do so and to go to the bar for the drinks. No mention of the butler. I teased them and asked if bathrobes were allowed in the bar - we were on the 11th floor. So I went down and got the drinks and verified at the front desk that I had been advised correctly. The desk person pressed the elevator buttons for me....  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>qaz123
<Content>Beautiful, Sleek Luxury Hotel The St. Regis is a modern, luxurious beauty. Located in the Soma district, near to many cultural attractions and a short walk from Union Square, this hotel really delivers.Fitted out with the latest in technology--Sony DVD/CD stereo systems, large 42 inch plasma televisions, and a bedside digital control panel (to control lights, climate, phone, etc.), the rooms were very attractively done in a sophisticated palette of light greys, white, and dark woods. The limestone bathroom was beautiful, with a quick-filling (and quick-draining) soaking tub large enough for two. The walk-in separate shower had a limestone bench and a rainfall spout on the ceiling. Though there was only one sink, the vanity was large and well-stocked.  My girlfriend had a massage at the Remede spa. She said the facilities were very sleek--maybe too sleek--and that the service was impeccable. We had breakfast delivered to our room--it came RIGHT on time and was piping hot. The food was served on very attractive Vera Wang china.The service was extremely responsive and friendly. There is a beautiful infinity edge lap pool next to the spa, with many a comfortable place to sit. The gym is quite nicely outfitted and extremely clean. We made use of the complimentary car service--they seem to use a new Bentley--which was quite convenient and a nice touch.All in all, this was a truly comfortable hotel. With all the amenities, you might even call it an urban resort. Whether you are looking for a spot to enjoy a weekend getaway or for a convenient, luxurious business hotel, the St Regis delivers.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmittle
<Content>Great New/Modern St Regis The New/Modern St Regis is the best St Regis I have stayed at...sure the St Regis NYC is a classic but this hotel in SF really proves how they can adapt to modernity....ceilings are high...guest rooms are very high tech....I am starwood plat and was nicely upgraded to a suite....breakfast in room was great...location is great right near the W....Overall a great new hotel to SF!!!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mike-lcf
<Content>Good Contemporary Design I stayed at the St. Regis for several days in mid-November based on the recommendations of some colleagues who travel to SF frequently and told me about this new hotel that opened this year. My usual place is the W, which I stay at about 2 times a month, which is just down the block. Positives: The hotel's lobby area is excellent. The design is contemporary but warm, and makes you want to congregate. I would rate the overall friendliness of the staff as generally good, though not overly exceptional for this type of hotel. The reception area did tend to get backed up and did not seem properly staffed. The hallway decor and color scheme is nicely done. I was happy with the size of my room, on the 18th floor. A control panel controls the drapes, which is something I just saw last month at the Royal Riga in NY. No problem connecting to the WiFi signal in the room. Rain showerhead in the shower is a nice touch. The lighting seems about right. The desk is generously sized and a good work space for business travelers; the desk chair is also very comfortable. Negatives: The quality of the room service food was simply horrible. I ordered the chicken caesar salad, which is something that should not be difficult to prepare. The chicken was terrible -- dry, hard and tasted like it had been sitting out for hours. I was so offended by my dinner I walked around the block to a nearby Chipotle and bought a burrito. The closet space is also very small -- and there is little shelf space for clothes. No coffee in the room, nor is any offered in the lobby. Also, although there is a nice 50 HDTV flat screen in the room, it does not get any HD channels, which was perplexing. Finally, the speakerphone on the control panel does not work well -- I usually had to pick up the handset to talk.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>PauloAmore
<Content>Contemporary St Regis in San Francisco       Hotel Lobby / Bar  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>piatty73
<Content>St Regis "Light". My wife and I stayed here for the first time to celebrate a birthday. I have to say that at first we were disappointed and said we would go back to the Four Seasons or the Ritz. Some of the reasons were we were told that like the St Regis NY there was butler service. We were at the St Regis NY and loved the service we received from our butler. In San Francisco there was no offer to press clothes and no morning or afternoon butler service for coffee or tea. When I asked about it at first we were told it was through room service only. Then we were offered a coffee maker with starbucks which we took. It seems that there are 8 butlers on staff in SF compared to 62 in NYC. I do not consider there to really be butler service here.I have read several reviews concerning noise at this hotel I agree that there is an issue with a fire station down the street and when they blast their sirens it is loud even on the 19th floor where we were. But this is city hotel and street noise in SF as in NYC is to be expected.What we loved was the corner floor to ceiling windows in the room we had. It only had one sink in the bathroom but the soaking tub, shower and flat screen were nice. The hotel car was a new Bentley and they took us to dinner each night. The concierge was friendly but gave some inaccurate info on time and distances. The breakfast was good but expensive. The excercise room was well equipped but the Remede spa would not give you a locker if you did not have a treatment. In conclusion I would look for the best rate with the Four Seasons being my first chice in SF but this was a pleasant experience.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SharonLynne
<Content>Loved the St. Regis I was in San Fran for a convention in mid-October and was lucky enough to stay at the St Regis for 4 nights. The hotel is a very short walk to Moscone Center, next door to the MOMA, and just steps from designer shops and many restaurants. An excellent location, and although guests can hear the sirens from the streets below, I'm not sure what any inner city hotel could do to avoid all such noises. I was lucky to get a corner room which had large windows fully across two walls. The room design and decor were beautiful and delivered a zen like aura....very calming. I used the large bath tub every day, but also loved the rain shower. I found the room commander screen complimented the hotel's contemporary design, easy to use and state of the art. Several reviews on this site have mentioned the screen was too bright, but they must not have seen the option to dim the panel which fully reduced the light for sleeping. The comfort of the bed was superior, both mattress and linens. My flat screen was positioned directly in front of the bed, and it was very easy to navigate the programming.I found the lobby to be quite intimate and loved the fire wall near the cocktail area. I enjoyed sitting on the sofas, sipping a glass of wine, warming by the fire and watching all of the activity in the lobby. I found the gym area to be one of the nicest I've visited in hotels.....chilled bottled water, iced towels, fresh fruit, full time attendant, etc. The in-door pool was lovely as well. I highly recommend the St. Regis, especially if you can get a convention rate.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Cissy
<Content>Chic! Upon just returning from a whirlwind weekend in San Francisco with the St. Regis as my hotel, I will admit I was taken aback as to how wonderful this hotel is. First let me state that the noise that is mentioned in other reviews is correct, not quite sure why so many fire engines are out and about on a Saturday evening - but I was on the 18th floor and they were loud. But when I look at the amazing view - well they did stop at about 2am - so a trade off of sorts. On to my review. I arranged with the hotel to have a car and driver pick me up at the airport who was there waiting for me upon my arrival in the baggage claim area - sign in hand - and off we went. When we arrived at the hotel (which is about a 30 minute drive) I was quickly greeted and brought to the check-in desk, which was quick, professional with just the right amount of friendliness. My butler was off with another guest so I agreed to let myself in to my room and my butler would meet me there within a few minutes to show me how everything works. My room, the executive level premiere, was located on the 18th floor - corner room - just spectacular! Floor to ceiling windows, with a view of the city and mountains in the background - surreal - especially at night (as odd as this may sound to some, I would certainly tolerate the sound of the sirens for this view again). My room was large, beautifully decorated, and spotless. King size bed, beautiful delicious linens, huge bathroom with a large tub and separate large shower stall - stocked with lots of towels, large writing desk, huge flat panel television in the sleeping area (also a small flat panel in the bathroom perfectly placed so that if you were taking a bath the television could be viewed), cd player and a mini bar that was stocked to the extreme. When my butler arrived he then proceeded to show me how to operate the touch panel that controls various functions within the room - from lights to drapes and everything in between. He also asked if I had any pressing (complimentary) and what time I would like my bed turned down. Their lobby bar is chic and lovely, perfect for a relaxing drink. And their restaurant, Ame 鈥?was just grand with fabulous service, fantastic wine list and food that was truly amazing. The staff and service at this St. Regis goes beyond what anyone would expect and carries it all out with perfection. They pay attention to every little detail from remembering your name to your morning paper arriving bright and early (in the cutest little cloth newspaper bags hung on your door). Lets say that they do more than try 鈥?they succeed! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone and will definitely be back!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ruby_malone
<Content>stylish but noisy I agree completely with other reviewers who have complained about the noise levels. It seems inconceivable that when the hotel was built no-one appreciated how noisy the fire engines that go past at least every half an hour are and soundproofed accordingly. All cities are loud, but this was the one thing that could really have improved our stay.Actually, I lie. Two things, the other being that in our room there was a huge shower stall but no bath. The bathroom was easily big enough to take a spacious tub (the toilet alone had enough space to do backflips in) yet they had decided to forego one. I find this mystifying in such a beautifully appointed hotel. I am aware that other rooms in the hotel have baths, but we were not told this at the time of arrival and I laboured under this misapprehension until I got home and checked their website. Had I known, I would have asked to be moved to a room with a tub. Also, putting the TV in the bathroom above the sink is a nice touch, but pretty useless, given that most of the time when you're using the sink you're doing something else. I can only hope that they had the foresight to put it above the bathtub ( in the rooms lucky enough to have one).But minor gripes aside, it is a lovely hotel. That it is fairly new shows in the furnishings, which are still sleek and polished looking. The beds were hugely comfortable with sumptous linens and piles of cushions, and the chaise is a nice touch for relaxing and reading on. So many hotel rooms offer only a desk chair for somewhere to sit and read, so this was very much appreciated. We found no problem with the location of the TV, though I was slightly peeved to find you still had to pay for movies. Some other St Regis properties, notably the Lanesborough in London, don't charge for this service, and given the price you pay for a noisy room, little luxuries like this are notable by their absence.The touch-screen panel by the bed is a nifty little device but awkward as hell to reach and use in the middle of the night without your glasses when all you want is a bedside light to read by. I really wouldn't have complained about a switch by the bed! It also gives off a powerful glow, and as one accustomed to sleeping in complete darkness, I ended up turning it face down, thus rendering its usefullness pretty redundant.The honor bar is nicely stocked and reasonably priced, and the room service was quick and efficient when we used it. The pool is beautiful, but more of a gesture than anything else, as it's impossible to imagine people toiling up and down it -more suitable for a relaxing dip than anything else.We didn't eat in the restaurant, but heard nothing but good things about it, and the cosy bar in the lobby seemed to be a big hit with the guests and regulars. The hotel itself is in a great location for seeing the city without being in the downtown crush.The staff were thoroughly polite and charming, and the maid service extremely efficient.So to recap, it's a wonderful hotel, but I wouldn't stay there again simply due to the invasive amounts of street noise.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kht2006
<Content>Enjoyable stay, wish I had more time... My husband and I spent one night (Saturday) in Sept 2006 as a mini-getaway without our toddler. We live in the SF Bay Area. We arrived a little before check-in time and was told our room was not ready. They offered to store our rollerboard, took our cell phone number and would call us when our room was ready. Check-in was fairly quick and easy. My parents were going to take my toddler home with them for the night. I took my daughter to the restroom in the lobby area to change her diaper. There was absolutely no place to do it. When I returned to the front desk to ask where I might be able to change her, I was told that our room was ready and that someone would take us up. I liked how your need to pass reception to access the elevators - always nice in busy city hotels.As others have described, a butler escorts you to your room and explains the room to you - in particular, how to use the computer touch pad by your bedside to control practically everything in the room.Mu husband had to remind the hotel about the champagne that he had pre-arranged. We expected it to be waiting for us when we arrived. However, it did appear that the hotel was ready for us b/c the champagne and chocolates showed up less than 2 minutes after my husband reminded them.The room is clean and spacious for a city hotel room. We were on the 18th floor facing the street (not the alley). I agree with the person who noted that the tv was not mounted in an ideal place on the wall for viewing from the bed. Also, it's an expensive high-definition tv but the hotel receives none of the HD TV stations in the area. Unfortunate waste of money.The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom only has one sink, but that was not a big deal for one night. The bath amenities are generous - large bottles of shampoo, conditioner, bath gel and lotion from the hotel's Remede Spa. TV in the bathroom a nice touch. The movable wall between the spa tub and room opens the room up. The shower is large with both a rain shower head and your traditional shower heads.The decor is clean, modern with great stylish small touches.The closet is on the small side, but sufficient for the business traveler or people not staying long. The room had your usuals - slippers, bathrobe, umbrella, safe. Nice selection for the in-room bar and snacks. You also get your own fax.Breakfast was included for us. We ate in the restaurant. Not a large restaurant and we had to wait a few minutes for a table. We were directed to the coffee available at the restaurant entrance, but they were out of coffee so we stepped out onto the outdoor terrace for a looksy. When we returned a minute later, the coffee, table, cups, everything!, was gone. Odd. We went back out and someone came to get us a couple minutes later.The pool looked amazing - wish I had time to partake. The locker room was nice too - clean and had salon products. The lobby bar area looked cozy - did not have time to enjoy. The gym had a ample variety of equipment. As another reviewer recommended - there's plenty of Evian at the gym for you to take!Overall nice experience. People remembered our name and greeted us throughout our stay. Friendly staff. Our past hotel experiences include the Four Seasons, the Peninsula, the W Hotel, Hiltons, Marriotts, Hyatts. I would rank this St. Regis up with the Peninsula but not quite the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>losangelesh4
<Content>Fantastic! I loved the St. Regis. So many hotels call themselves luxurious when they are merely expensive, but the St. Regis takes classic Old World service into the 21st century. Our luggage was whisked away at the front door as we were led to the reception desk. After registering, our 鈥渂utler鈥?鈥?a bit pretentious, but I still liked it 鈥?escorted us to our room. Our room was one category up from standard and it was beautiful 鈥?leather walls, wenge wood trim, silk shades, Pratesi sheets, limestone bathroom with Kallista fixtures, soaking tub, separate shower with rainhead and nozzle, plasma TVs in the bedroom and bathroom, huge windows letting in lots of light - no expense was spared in construction and furnishings. In addition, the room was fully automated. A touch pad next to the bed controlled everything - the sheers, the blackout curtains, the temperature, the TV, the lights, music, and the phone. As our luggage arrived, the butler asked if we needed anything ironed and when we鈥檇 like turndown service. After a comfy night鈥檚 sleep, we checked out the room service menu for breakfast. Once again, a lot of care was put into it - most of the food on the menu is organic and regional. It was totally delicious and served with the same standards as in a restaurant. The hotel even has a Bentley and driver that we used that night to get to a restaurant. I have only one potential criticism. On our last day, the music and TV from the adjoining room were really noticeable and disturbing. I don鈥檛 know if it was due to a loud neighbor or thin walls. I hope it鈥檚 the former 鈥?what a waste to spend so much money outfitting the rooms and have thin walls. I鈥檒l see how this goes on my next visit. In summary, the St. Regis San Francisco is one of the best urban hotels that I鈥檝e ever visited.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CEK1
<Content>Can a "smart" hotel be warm and inviting? Absolutely. I spent three nights at the St. Regis in San Francisco in August because my usual hotel in the city was booked. At $200 more per night, the St. Regis had a long way to go to represent a good value in my book. It surpassed my expectations. A characterizing feature is the smart technology in each room that allows the guest to control the HVAC, lighting, and alarm clock through a small, flat panel on the nighstand. The panel also affords access to the telephone and the -- wait for it -- butler. I arrived on a Monday after a harrowing cab ride from Berkeley during which the cab was firmly rear-ended by an early-model Honda, giving me what can only be characterized as the Platonic ideal of whiplash. Nerves shot, I was met at the front desk by a clerk and by the butler assigned to my room during my stay. He tactfully and kindly helped me upstairs and, unsolicited, brought me ginger tea (alleged to be soothing). The rest of my stay was just as nurturing: one night, I left my BlackBerry in the booth of the lovely restaurant around the corner, and hotel staff graciously and quickly retrieved it. Dinner at the excellent Ame downstairs was truly memorable, the talented chef spending at least ten minutes describing in loving detail the excellent tasting menu that was one of the highlights of my time in San Francisco. Gorgeous furnishings, two flat-panel televisions, spacious shower and soaking tub, thoughtul cabinetry--but most of all the warmth and professionalism of hotel staff--all made my all-too-short stay at the St. Regis memorable.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Max_Robespierre
<Content>Not worth it, no way The St. Regis reminds me of Texas culture: a mile wide and an inch deep. Once you get past all the very ostentatious artistic touches, you find that the design is ALL there is, because the management hasn't got all the practical details of running a hotel nailed down. At this price level, there should be absolutely NO negatives on one's list, but this property has many:The street noise in the room is indescribable. Evidently Market Street, a block away, is a main route for fire equipment on that end of town, so an unrelenting cacophany of their sirens, horns, and bells goes on all night. The architects should have spent much more on soundproofing and far less on frippery.No night lights. With the blackout curtains drawn, it is impossible to find the bathroom without awakening one's partner by turning on a light. A small thing, perhaps, but a continual annoyance unanticipated in a $450 room. The LCD control panel is handy, but it needs a brightness control.The TV menu didn't reflect what was actually playing at the moment. Another minor inconvenience, but frustrating when one is trying to find a specific program. Motel 6 level service.The hall carpets on our floor (15) had a track down the middle that appeared nearly worn out. My companion thinks the look was intentional. If so, it was a lousy style choice.The food is run-of-the-mill hotel fare, only at Michelin 5-star prices. I don't care what you put in a short stack of pancakes - nothing makes them worth $16. But I will acknowledge that the coffee was awesome.The housekeeping staff doesn't seem to understand the concept of a Do Not Disturb sign on the door to a guest room. On more than one occasion, we were napping with the sign on and a housekeeper let herself in to refresh towels or turn down the beds. Nice service; lousy co-ordination.No coffee or tea in the room. I like a hot cup when I get out of bed (not when room service finds it convenient).An iron and/or steamer in the room would be nice for those touch-ups that don't warrant a $20, 2-hour round trip to the valet.In short, the amenities, details, finishing touches, weren't up to the standard one finds in a run-of-the-mill chain. For them to be lacking in a property of this price is near criminal.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>PoppyQuince
<Content>A great hotel We booked two nights at the St. Regis as a birthday getaway and enjoyed every minute of it. The hotel is intimate, no huge lobby with people milling around. It's beautifully decorated in soothing colors and elegant finishes and there is original art located throughout the hotel, including the guest rooms. We had a room on the 12th floor, with a city view, very bright and relaxing. There were blackout shades for those who prefer to sleep in pefect darkness and sheer roman shades to cut the sunlight as desired. The shades, lighting and nearly all other needs are controlled by a bedside electronic console, which also includes the telephone.The room had a kingsize bed, a chaise longue set by the window so one could read or relax looking out at the view, a desk, and a flat screen TV set in a wall of cabinets that concealed the mini-fridge, a CD player/radio, a safe and the clothing storage. Complimentary bottles of Evian were offered, unlike many hotels that put water in the rooms and charge outrageous amounts for them.We tried to reserve online and found that the cost was more than we liked, so called the St. Regis directly and found a promotion that included full American breakfast and parking for less than the lowest room cost we had found online. It's always a good idea, in my experience, to check with any hotel directly for the best price.I plan to return to the St. Regis at every opportunity. It was a fabulous experience, and its location, 3 blocks from Union Square, next door to the SF MoMA, around the corner from the new MoAD and across the street from Yerba Buena Gardens, is ideal, out of the tourist rush but convenient to everything.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>prnjdannyboy
<Content>Hard to Go Wrong with the St. Regis I just retruned from a three night stay at the St. Regis, San Francisco. I was a little hesitant to book this hotel based on some of the mixed reviews about this new property. However, my overall experience at the St. Regis made my three day trip very special and memorable (with one notable exception which I will explain below). The property is gorgeous. I loved the Asian inspired decor, the room amenities, the service, and the overall feel of luxury. This is not the place to stay if you are on a budget. With that in mind, I thought the rooms were indulgently comfortable, the food was first rate and the pool and spa were amazing. The service was not overly solicitous and up to par with what one might expect from a five star hotel.My one and only complaint was the noise. The exterior and interior walls are very thin. I had a corner room with glass floor- to-ceiling exterior walls. Although I was on a high floor, I could hear the traffic outside pretty clearly. One morning, I literally felt like I was sleeping on the sidewalk as the garbage trucks rolled by. I could also hear conversations from neighboring rooms and clearly heard my neighbor as he blew his nose one morning. Had this property not been so nice otherwise, this would have ruined (as opposed to detracted from) my stay and overall impression of this hotel. The sad part is that I am not sure this is a problem that can be remedied. It seems like the architect and designers paid attention to the smallest of details but overlooked a big part of a comfortable hotel experience -- a QUIET/TRANQUIL room. Some better sound deading materials would have made a world of difference.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Polarwanderer
<Content>A nice modern hotel with good service We had an enjoyable weekend stay. The rooms are nice and modern in soft grays and whites. The bathroom had a nice soaking tub. We especially enjoyed being on a higher floor with a view of Yreba Buena gardens. The bar at the W a few doors down had a better crowd and we would recommend it for a late night cocktail. All in all a nice new hotel in SFO.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jessica8376
<Content>Beautiful hotel in ideal location My husband and I stayed at the St. Regis Hotel for the first part of our honeymoon. We were very impressed with the decor and service as soon as we stepped inside the lobby of the hotel. All of the decor is very modern and tastefully decorated. We arrived at the hotel early in the morning and didn't have to wait to check-in to our room. Our butler immediately took us upstairs and showed us the features of our room. All of the lights, shades, phone access is controlled using a small monitor that is next to the bed. The two LCD tvs in the main bedroom and bathroom are a very nice touch. The shower is beautifully tiled and always replenished with the finest toiletries. The black-out shades give total privacy if you want to have a nap during the daytime hours. The room service and the restaurants in the hotel have great food and impeccable service. Everything at this hotel says style and comfort. A stay here is worth every penny. It is a luxurious hotel in a great location, close to restaurants and shopping. The St. Regis San Francisco is a great place to stay if you're in the San Francisco Area.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RachelShingleton
<Content>Modern Luxury - Comfortable w/ Excellent Service!       Beautiful Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SwissWoman
<Content>Totally Overrated I decided to take my husband on a relaxing weekend in San Francisco for our anniversary. I wanted to make it special and booked at the St. Regis. We would not return to either the hotel or the spa. The room was very noisy. We couldn't sleep all night do to the many sirens going on and screaming in the streets. The room was not totally obscure as advertised. In the morning we were right awake by the sunshine coming through the shades. The amenities in the room were very poor. No special touches at all for the $500 room! No special treatment for anniversaries either. The spa was only OK. Nothing special. There are no prices stated anywere for the massage treatments, be careful what you order, and we were added 20% gratuity! But they said Happy Anniversary! At the end we were charged an additonal $50 for parking during our stay at the Hotel.The restaurant was very good. We might go back to Vitrine or Ame but we will never come back and stay at the hotel or have a spa treatment there. There are many other places in the bay area that give you much, much more for your money. If you want to waste your money, this is the best place to do so.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>miguelg
<Content>Wow! This is a BEAUTIFUL hotel with GORGEOUS rooms!Wonderful hotel that easily beats the Mandaran Oriental and the Four Seasons ... in some respects. I usually stay at the Four Seasons but ended up at the St. Regis at the urging of a co-worker. The rooms are amazing, contemporary, very roomy, well designed, and exceptionally executed. I will be making this my regular stop in San FranciscoMy only complaints involve small details and occasionally lax service that I think is only a function of the hotel's growing pains (it's only 8 months old). I was also baffled by the VERY small closet, I actually missed it several times because I though it was just storage for the bath robes. It was so small that there was no place to put my suitcase except along the wall in the room.I rated it above average, but with clear potential to become excellent in short order.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MikeBOS
<Content>Best in SF I've stayed in virtually all the top San Francisco hotels (Four Seasons, Mandarin, Fairmont, Le Meridien -- formerly Park Hyatt, Palace, St. Francis), and the St. Regis, for me at least, is the best by a significant margin. The rooms are truly distinctive, with very cool technology and phenomenal attention to detail. The only negative relative to the Four Seasons (in my opinion the closest competitor) is the gym, which is fine but not quite up to Sports Club/LA, to which Four Seasons provides access. On the other hand, the pool is *much* nicer than the pool at SCLA (FS doesn't have their own pool). Food is also superior...the best I've had at any hotel anywhere (this includes breakfast, room service, and ame, the hotel restaurant). I've stayed 3 times in the last 3 months and every stay has been great.Overall, highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Remede spa be careful when signing the receipt at the St Regis spa Remede.... they slam an automatic 20% tip onto any fees... they don't suggest... they just add it....WHAM!! This option should be open on the receipt for the customer to add at will.... kind of a crass bit on their part at the end of the experience.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Color Palette       The Room  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>snaggletooth
<Content>Great Service       St Regis Jr Suite  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ksummerlee
<Content>The Fabulous St. Regis My company booked the St. Regis for our sales conference and, wow, were we lucky to be able to stay at such a fantastic hotel. The rooms are just amazing. The rain shower was heaven. I had to switch to the Clift for the weekend after my business trip was complete, and I almost cried when I left. I've stayed at the Ritz, the W, and the Palace in San Fran and the St. Regis is by far the best of them. I'm still trying to think of a way I can move in permanently. The staff is very nice, accomodating, courteous, helpful, unlike some of the other 5-Stars. If you have the money, want to treat yourself, and a choice, Stay here. It's worth it.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>land3d
<Content>Great Hotel experience at teh St. Regis       St. Regis-suite with plasma in living room  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>racb
<Content>great escape While I live in San Francisco, I decided to spend the weekend at the hotel as an escape. It was a great experience-a quite luxurious oasis--with great service and a modern but not austere design. Would highly recommend for a stress reducing experience.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MovieGuyParadise_CA
<Content>Wake and smell the onions This is a very nice hotel, as you would expect for the price. Great  very helpful staff. Comfy rooms, nice linens. 42 Flat panel TVs are nice, but it seems odd to not have HDTV broadcasts (as major city where every network broadcasts in HD). The meeting/dining facilities were very elegant. But the one complaint I had was being awakened by the very strong smell of cooking onions from the restaurant on the 4th floor-I was on the 5th facing the alley. Made it difficult to go back to sleep. This was not a case of a window being open, but it was being sucked into the ventilation system. Fairly quiet in terms of interior noise and street sounds. In room DVD/CD player, fax and printer are all nice touches. Great overhead shower. Bathroom only had a single sink, and no full length mirror, so it was difficult for 2 people to get ready at the same time. Conveniently located to shopping, movies and museums. Another tip, on the guest room floor there 3 elevators on each side, the first on each side have separate buttons from the other 4 and from what we could see the first never worked during our stay, yet no signs of them being out of service, they may have been some kind of special/VIP elevator, but you didn't know that as you stood waiting for the elevator that would never come. My tip ask for a high floor, and don't plan on watching TV, get out check out the city.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can we move in please? My boyfriend recently took me to the St. Regis as a romantic Valentine's Day surprise - although we both frequently stay in excellent hotels for business, we immediately loved the St. Regis! We had a corner suite in the 18th floor with wall to wall views of the city. The plasma TVs were great, as well as the rain showerhead. The luxurious bedding, towels and bath products were all top notch. The gym was also a nice surprise with all the latest TechnoGym equipment. The hotel is within walking distance of Chinatown (for dim sum) and Union Square for shopping. There's also a restaurant downstairs, Ame - which is quite reasonably priced and has homey and innovative Japanese cuisine. We couldn't have asked for a better weekend!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>biznas
<Content>I seriously considered moving in... I recently stayed at the St. Regis over a weekend and all I can say is returning home was depressing. The rooms are absolutely the best in the city. I have stayed at all the majors in S.F. and while the Four Seasons and W are wonderful they just can't compare with the St. Regis. Upon arrival I was upgraded to a suite with a separate living room. There was a 50 inch plasma in the main room, an LCD in the bathroom, and a 42 in the bedroom! The service was timely and not overbearing. The staff at this hotel is extremely friendly. The hotel is quite new and some of the staff memebers seemed a bit awkward in the performance of their tasks (sort of like bieng nervous on a first date) but overall they were very helpful. The LCD controls in the room can take a bit of getting used to but really give you a lot options. From the bed to the TV's and amazing bathroom...I couldn't get enough. While this hotel is pricey, I can't recommend it highly enough and I will be going back as soon as possible.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fhymson
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Service       Alcatraz  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ocGlobetraveler
<Content>Best Rooms in San Francisco by Far!   showReview(4355433, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bradowpc
<Content>World Class Five Star Hotel   showReview(4336377, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>algina
<Content>beautiful and elegant St. Regis   showReview(4330647, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New 5 Star in San Francisco             New Year's Firework  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chimes at midnight (and beyond)   showReview(4315704, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything was the best       King size bed  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Urban Retreat   showReview(4144668, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JWBCastroValley
<Content>Very Nice Hotel   showReview(4142540, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, the best new hotel I have stayed at in years   showReview(4089203, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pacific526
<Content>A charming hotel, great value   showReview(3817764, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(22855223, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sdsMadrid
<Content>super elegante   showReview(20375554, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

