<Author>madjt
<Content>Surprisingly Good Stayed here for 5 nights whilst attending a conference. Hotel was on the conference recommended list and was booked on trust. I was worried that it might be too far out of the city centre to be useful, but found myself enjoying the 20 minute walk to and from the city each day, experiencing picturesque and less touristy parts of Amsterdam.Hotel looked a little weird upon arrival, but found the room to be excellent and clean with nice amenities. Staff were helpful and mostly pleasant, breakfast varied and plentiful. Overall a very nice, if not slightly out of the way, hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>N_McL
<Content>Boring, institutionalised and too far from town For all the trendy artwork and the chic decoration, this place can't hide the fact that it's boring. It's clean, freshly decorated and convenient for a number of businesses but it's too far from the heart of Amsterdam. Taxis take ages to arrive and cost 鈧?5-20 to get in. I really hated the electronically locked front doors that mean you need to summon assistance to get in or out, day or night. Can only recommend for travellers that need to sleep then get to the office early.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>johnsfzr
<Content>excellent hotel we stayed in the new wing of the hotel and the room was superb. the only disappointing thing was the one and only evening meal we had, so we went into town to eat from then on.the hotel is out of town as previous reviews have stated, but the bus stops outside the hotel and the journey is not too long at all. buy a 24 hour ticket from reception for about 7 euros.we would definately stay there again...  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>jamironad
<Content>Nice boutique hotel We were having a really hard time booking a hotel for a last minute trip to Amsterdam over Easter weekend. One of the few places left was this hotel and we were fearing it wouldn't be great. How surprised were we! Our room looked and felt like any boutique hotel and still at a reasonnable price considering we had looked into it quite late. Some people may say that it's a bit too far from the main downtown Amsterdam area, but it's really just a 10 minute bus journey from Centraal Station - or a 15鈧?cab ride.The service at the restaurant/bar was a bit slow, but that's about it. The views from the hotel aren't great either, but I see hotels as a place to sleep - not to hang around in and watch the city through a window.All in all, I would go back to that hotel if I were to visit Amsterdam again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>tainadelcaribe
<Content>Loved it, can't wait to go back!       The "second lobby". No reception in this lobby just the lobby and the really modern furniture.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Busnsandpleasure
<Content>Beautiful Hotel but Too far out of centre I see there are mixed reviews for this hotel but I thought it was beautiful. My room was very modern and comfortable, the food was great (rare to get a decent full English outside the UK) and the only issue was with the distance from the city centre. However this was not bad enough to spoil the holiday. There are plenty buses and taxis, and on one occasion we walked it too (took around an hour at strolling pace). This was the only compromise. I do agree that the staff could have been quicker and warmer but in terms of standard of accommodation I liked this hotel a lot.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>fabriceetpaola
<Content>Good hotel, very well decorated, good price but not well located for turism The decoration inside is really original, modern art everywhere. The construction of the rooms also is original and I have to say this is quite a success. The price is good bearing in mind that this is not far from Ams center. However the location is not great...  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Bully1959Canaries
<Content>Great Hotel Very good hotel but location is poor for the centre of Amsterdam. Nice and quiet hotel close to the main bus route into town which takes 10 mins. Good food and staff.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Roymaboy
<Content>nice hotel, small distance from town The Golden Tulip Amsterdam Art Hotel is a nice hotel a small distance from the Centraal Station.Perhaps you could walk to the station but i'd estimate this to take 30 mins, but the bus stop is right outside the hotel No. 48 bus to and from the station...and this takes around ten minutes.The hotel itself is quite good I thought...with a massive painting behind the bed...and the room clean and modern, with a separate ensuite.We got soaked on the first night as it was raining when we ventured out in Amsterdam, so the hair dryer provided got a decent workout and stood the test!The hotel cafe/bar also serves fine beer/spirits plus quite good snack food. The non smoking rooms appear to be on the higher levels and you can really smell the difference at the lower levels if you walk the stairs, but no complaints as the non smoking rooms were fine.The noise levels seemed low although the doors near our own did slam a couple of times, but nothing to speak of to wake us up and that could be said of many hotels.The TV included Dutch channels as well as BBC channels and CNN.Amsterdam itself is not a bad place, especially walking along the canals.The Van Gogh Museum is really good, but I am a fan of his work, so others may not be as much of a fan.Overall, I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>HenkEindhoven
<Content>Fine place Hotel is good place to stay when visiting amsterdam, just outside the centre, but hey....amsteram is no new york, within 15 minutes your are at the Dam. Rooms are beautifull en comfortable. Bathroom is ok.Hospitality is typically dutch......decent, but nothing more than that.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>wendyharris62
<Content>rooms to hot, staff not helpfull, quite depressing didnt enjoy our stay at all, the rooms were so hot we became very dehydrated, tv was not working properly so could not get any music channels or english language, wi-fi also not working so was bored in room when in. staff would say one thing and do another, also on two occasions were accused of taking things from mini bar which we had only just moved to get to something else but on saying that we over heard other visitors complaining about the same thing. would definatly not stay at any golden tulip hotels again and definatly would not recomend it to any friends.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	5	5	2	1	

<Author>cazzaBirmingham
<Content>Fab Time At The Amsterdam Art We have just come back from a 3 night stay at the Amsterdam Art. Having read previous reviews, we knew the hotel was situated out of town, that said, the public transport was fantastic. You can catch the number 48 bus to central station, which is right in the heart of the city centre. These buses stop right outside the hotel, and run approx every 15min up to midnight, when the night bus takes over and runs every half an hour.The journey into the city centre takes approx 8mins. Our room in the hotel was fab, and looked just like the pictures on the website. We had a superkingsize bed, and the bathroom was fantastic.There was not much of a view, but realistically how long do you stay in your room for? Tea  coffee facilites were available, but we did have to ask for extra tea/coffee/sugar etc, as these did not seem to get replenished very regulary. We didn't eat in the hotel, as this was quite expensive compared to restuarants in the city centre, I do feel that for the price you are paying for this hotel, breakfast should be included, but you have to pay an extra 15euro's each for breakfast.We bought travel passes at reception which can last for 24/48/72 hrs, our 3day pass allowed us to use the buses  trams anytime and cost 10.50euro's each. The canalbus was also really enjoyable, and is a nice way to see Amsterdam along the various canals, they stop at regular tourist attractions, Anne Frank House etc. You can just jump on  off as you like. A 24hr canalbus pass cost 18euro.We really enjoyed our stay in Amsterdam  the hotel was clean, and provided good room facilites. I personally felt however that the hotel lacked character  atmosphere, but the staff during our stay were very friendly  welcoming. The hotel bar stays open until about 1.00am. A taxi to/from the airport will cost you approx 40-45 euro's and takes about half an hour.I would go back to the Amsterdam Art, as you are conveniently located to the city centre, but you do not have to deal with the noise/traffic that staying in the heart of Amsterdam would bring.The red light district is an eye-opener, and is located about 10mins walk from central station. Overall a fantastic 3day stay, I would reccommend, as long as you don't mind using the buses.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>june1972
<Content>Worst experience ever I have just started using tripadvisor, and even though my stay at the 'golden' tulip was a few months ago me and my partner had such a horrible experience there that I felt compelled to review it. I am sure that thanks to the staff's attitude things have not changed for the better anyway.Ok let's start from the beginning, we booked a hotel and flight deal with lastminute.com so naturally the hotel was fully pre-paid. When we arrived from the airport by cab, I already started feeling uncomfortable since I realized we were nowhere near the city center (even though the hotel claims to be in the 'historic district of Amsterdam'), as I prefer to stay in convenient locations this already made me a little uncomfortable. However since it was all pre-paid we knew that we did not have any other choice but to stay there.When we got to the concierge desk another surprise followed, as I said our 4-day stay was entirely pre-paid but the concierge (after making us wait for about 15 minutes for him to finish some typing) insisted on 'blocking' a 2 day charge on my credit card 'in case of any unforeseen circumstances'. Now this had NEVER happened to me at any 4 star hotel before and I have been to plenty. I tried to make my claim that this is not necessary but he insisted, finally tired out I handed over my card, needless to say this severely crippled my holiday budget.After quickly dropping off our luggage at the room (and making the mistake of not checking it properly) we decided to go into town for some much needed food. We walked about the red-light district where we found a surprisingly delicious Chinese/Tibetan restaurant (best Chinese food I have ever had, beats Hakkasan!) and at about 10pm we decided to go back to our hotel. After waiting for the night bus for about 40 minutes, and a 20 minute ride through the generally sketchy neighborhood the hotel is around (it's next to a train depository) we finally arrived to be greeted by not so welcoming closed doors to the hotel.After ringing the night-bell for about another 10 minutes, as well as shouting and banging on the door, the night-porter finally decided to appear and let us in (of course only after asking to see our key and id-ing us!). The next fab surprise awaited us in our room, as I said we did not give the room a thorough check when we first arrived, which since this hotel I make sure to conduct EVERY time. The shock came when I lifted the bedspread to find a yellow stain with hairs on it on the otherwise white bedding, I was literally in shock. NEVER in my life had I expected to see something like this in a 4 star hotel, probably even a roadside motel would not allow something like this.After calling down to reception and screaming at the night-porter he came up and changed the bedding himself as there was noone else in the hotel at the time, granted he did look quite embarrassed and was apologetic. After getting over my disgust I decided to go use the washroom, where I realized the sink drain was broken and leaking, so we had to brush our teeth in the shower. Throughout our 4 day stay there it was not fixed. When I complained to the daytime concierge he pretty much just raised an eyebrow at me and could not even apologize in a decent manner. My trip to Amsterdam was almost ruined by this hotel, the waste of time on long commuting to the center of town, the rude staff, the disrepair and filth shocked me. I would have gone mad if not for the generally fun city, good food and great company of my partner.I strongly urge people to stay away from this hotel, I wouldn't board my dog there if I had one!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Beanie5
<Content>Fab stay in the Dam Just got back from 3 nights staying at the Amsterdam Art and thoroughly loved the hotel and Amsterdam.The hotel is on the outskirts of town and the best way to get there from the airport is take the train to Central Station and then take a bus which stops right outside of the hotel. The number 48 was the bus we always got which runs regularly up to midnight and then the 353 is the night bus. Ask the driver to stop at Hempoint which is directly opposite the hotel and then you have to cross a dual carriageway to get to the hotel - you can't miss it because of the bright coloured cows. The buses to and from the hotel are very regular - every 15 minutes at peak times. When we got to Central station we crossed the road to the tourist information and bought 2 48 hour I amsterdam cards which allow you to travel on buses, trams and the metro for free and you also get free entry to a wide range of musuems - very good value. You can also get 24 or 72 hours. The card becomes valid from it's first use. The hotel is fantastic and our room looked just like the pictures taken by other reviewers. Toiletries stocked every day - lovely shampoo. Fabulously huge bed and great pillows, huge bath and good shower. Nice purple sofa. View not great but who cares when you are never in the room for long and the hotel is in a safe quiet place at night so no worries about having to deal with drunk people. Did have problems with the key card not working on 2 days but just went to reception who dealt with it. Also had 2 mugs on first day then 1 mug after that but these are hardly massive issues. We did not have breakfast in the hotel as it was 15 euros each which we thought was a bit steep so we went into town and found one of many snack places. We did eat in the bar one evening and the food was very good - beware when ordering the burger though as it does come rare if you don't ask otherwise. A bottle of wine was 20 euros.TIPS- on the train the blue seats are first class so make sure you sit on the green seats.If planning to go to Madame Tussards and the Dungeon, go to tussards first as we missed out on 50% off to get into the dungeon.The dungeon is not for the faint hearted - the tour is interactive and I don't want to spoil the suprise but it is worth every penny. Go to the Anne Frank house - great to step into history for those people who have read her diary. We booked timed tickets online to avoid the queues. The heineken Brewery is a good visit and you get 3 halfs of lager and a free gift. We got the number 24 tram from the station but there was also the 16 which stops just across the bridge and you can't miss it. The Van Gogh musuem and the Rijksmusuem are both excellent and next to each other so you can do both in a morning. Again trams 16 and 24 to the heineken brewery and follow the canal to the right of the brewery- you can't miss the Rijks it's very majestic. There is also a diamond museum and a very good canal cruise nearby. The red light district is a must but we did get offered drugs so just keep walking and ignore them - unless of course you want to! Wear comfy shoes!! I took flip flops and paid the price as we walked about 6 miles a day. We found the dutch to be very friendly and got help with directions without even asking. We loved everything and are going back very soon as there is so much to see and do.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>hingefactor
<Content>Great stylish hotel!!! I booked this hotel at the last minute, and I'm very glad I did so. Although it's location is a bit outside of the city center, getting there via bicycle was easy and quick. Definitely not a walk though.The staff was great, the restaraunt was above average for a hotel and the room was wonderful. My room had a couch the ran along one complete side of the room and it was super comfy to hang out on while winding down from a day in the city. The bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom was to die for. I took a nice long, hot bath each of my 3 days there. As an added bonus, there's also a beautiful and huge outdoor pool. I'd recommend this hotel to anybody. Gettting to and from it by bicycle is definitely the way to go!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caughtthetravelbug
<Content>Fabulous hotel, a little out of the way The Amsterdam Art is a little bit outside of the city centre which does restrict you to following bus timetables, however there are busses every half hour which drivers who love their city and love giving you tips for stuff to see and do! At nighttime we felt perfectly safe travelling on the night bus back.The actual hotel is lovely, very clean and modern. The bathroom is just amazing, probably my favourite part about the whole hotel to be honest!What did concern me was the fact that we had a double bed, which was actually two singles pushed together with two single duvets. What was strange was that there was no space for the beds to be seperated to convert into a twin room, so we didn't really understand that.Apart from the beds, I don't have anything to fault the hotel about to be honest, it was fabulous!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yaamsa
<Content>Art? Thats a matter of opinion Booked  paid to stay for two nights(late April 07), 6 weeks prior to departure. Arrived at 12 midnight due to plane delay and was told that our room had been sold. ( very annoyed at this as payment had already been made). However, the staff assured us that the room was free the following night and offered an upgrade. They arranged and paid for taxis too and from The Golden Tulip Hotel which they had arranged for us to stay in overnight. Building work and traffic noise woke us at 6 am. We were promised our room would be ready for us at around 10 am. At 1pm the room was still not ready. We spoke with the General Manager who offered us a further upgrade and comlementary breakfast.In conclusion, a pleasant and clean hotel spoilt by poor business practices. All too common I'm afraid!!!!  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wordelle
<Content>Nice and cosy just outside the city center We stayed at the golden tulip Amsterdam Art for the Easter week-end.Although the price is a little high, the hotel by itself is very comfortable. We had a large room in grey and purple, very cosy and comfortable. The bathroom has glass walls (shy people, be warned) but is large enough and clean. The view is not pleasant as it is a train warehouse but with little activity and, with the window closed, you can sleep comfortably. The only negative point is the mattress: although the bed is very large, the mattress is too soft.For breakfast, you can get the buffet but, for 15鈧?per person, it is a little expensive, especially when you consider all the nice places for breakfast you can find in Amsterdam.We did not tried the Restaurant.There seems to be a swimming pool but it was too early in the season to try it.The location of the hotel needs attention: if you're looking for a place above a canal, go somewhere else. It is a little outside the historic center near a commercial area. The access is nevertheless quite easy with 1 bus stop at the footstep of the hotel (one bus every 10-45 minutes to the central station) and you can take a 5 minute walk to another bus line the goes to the center. There is even a night bus running from midnight to 6AM.Be careful, there is also a tulip inn at the same address, do not get mixed up while booking.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>wuju187
<Content>So Romantic! If you want your partner to melt, take her here! The rooms in the 4* section were so romantic, the breakfast in the morning had plenty of variety and the bus ride from the hotel into the main city areas was regular and quick. Only downside was two single beds pushed together to make a doubleI would stay here again  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jooleywooley
<Content>Can't wait to return! Would recomend this hotel to anyone, we stayed in the 4* golden tulip amsterdam art, the rooms were just about the best i have EVER stayed in and well worth the bit extra you pay. Totally spotless, tastfully decorated, modern, sexy, comfortable and well equipped. Staff all spoke excellent english, were VERY helpful with tips on buses to catch, places to go etc, we booked shuttle bus to return to airport but it didn't turn up, reception staff rang the company and arranged for a private car to be sent out to us so we would still make our flight. All done with a smile and at no extra cost. We paid 15 euros each for breakfast when we were there and the choice is amazing, crackers, meats, cooked breakfast, breads, croissants, various jams and spreads, cereals, fruits, yoghurts, the list was endless and you could eat as much as you liked so a good breakfast would set you up for the day! Had drinks i the bar each evening, again good service, we only stayed for two nights, took my hubby for his birthday present, he didn't want to leave!!! said it was the BEST prezzie i have EVER got him. Thanks to all on here who have posted other reviews, the useful info on bus services, directions to hitel etc were VERY helpful, so i advise anyone reading this to take the time to read through ALL the reviews coz there is some really good info on here which will come in VERY usefull during you trip. I know i have waffled on but i hope this is helpful, if you are going here, you are in for a lovely stay! We will most definately be back!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheTester
<Content>Perfect Combination!       Bathroom in a glass box.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>RalphyBear
<Content>Amazing... What an amazing hotel....Came here for 4 days over the August Bank Holiday, and I was really impressed.Check in was quick and effortless, the room was amazing, massive bed, glass bathroom with seperate bath, seperate shower, seperate toilet, Massive mirror...There is a pool which you can use which is at the back of the hotel, it is a very large but a very cold pool but well worth a visit.The view wasn't the best in the world but you don't need a view when you've got a wonderful room.Reception where more than willing to order a taxi for us into the centre, which we did a couple of times, other times we walked it, it was a couple of miles into the centre but a very pleasant walk.Breakfast was amazing buffet style but all you can eat, such a varied selectionThis hotel would have to rate as one of the best hotel's i've ever stayed in...  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>josietoms
<Content>Loved it! Lovely hotel well worth a visit. The hotel is in immaculate condition and very clean. The reception is very efficient and business like not over friendly but the staff in the hotel bar were very friendly.The room is a great size and the bathroom is a great added feature with the glass walls.I wouldnt bother with the breakfast as although it is lovely and plentiful it is very expensive compared to what you can get if you go out and about - we only had breakfast on the first morning. The food in the hotel restaurant is also expensive although we didnt eat there.The hotel is about a 10 min bus journey from right outside the hotel and they leave every 15 mins until midnight. This is the number 48. The number 22 also goes near the hotel about a 2 minute walk from the nearest stop. 24 hour tickets can be purchased from reception. A great hotel for the money paid.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SD990
<Content>Ideal for a weekend in Dam Stayed at the Amsterdam Art for 2 nights with 2 friends. Purpose of stay was a weekend break. The hotel is in 2 parts. We stayed in the 4* Art attachment. Lovely hotel, great rooms (We were in the XL rooms) with fantastic bathrooms. I have read a few reviews that say the hotel is within walking distance of the center. One even said it was a 5 minute walk from central station. Its not. Its a 鈧?2.50 taxi ride from central station. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel and you can buy a 48hr pass from the hotel reception for 鈧?0 which you can use on the buses and trams. Well worth it. We bused it in and used the trams and then caught a taxi back in the early hours of the morning. Perfect. This means the hotel is nice and quiet.Nice breakfast with usual english breakfast and continental on offer. We did have a problem with the air con on the last night which couldn't be sorted at the time (hotel was fully booked). We were offered to change hotels but as it was 3am we decided not too. I wrote to the Golden Tulip group when I got back regarding the air con and recieved a reply from the general manager of the hotel in 24 hours. He has requested that the next time I book a hotel with Golden Tulip to email him personally and he will sort out the arrangements as compensation. Can't ask for more than that. Would recommend to couples/friends for a weekend break.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lippydog
<Content>The pictures are a lie After looking at the pictures on a few sites like expedia we thought it looked like a lovely place to spend a romantic weekend. It mentioned that it was on the border of the city when infact it was a good 10 min bus ride from central station. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable but the decor just seemed to be lacking in the flair that was advertised. The main restaurant was very expensive with mains starting at 25 to 35 euros plus, which seemed very expensive for not being in the heart of town. Overall a good budget place if you dont mind some hard excercise into town.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>forestpaul
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel, great location, only thing was that the glass bathroom is not availible in the XL rooms  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kyle19835
<Content>Excellent holiday! we have hust returned from a three night stay at the hotel. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful offering information on how to get into town and what bus to get. The room was very clean, maid comes in daily with sheets and towels changed every other day or every day upon request.Location was very good. It was approximately 15-20 minutes from the airport in a taxi which costs 38 euros. The location of the hotel was also good in relation to town. It takes a 10 minute bus ride into town. The bus stop is just outside the hotel, and the number 48 bus will take you to central station for 2.40 euros. However, if you walk further down the road towards the BP garage there is another bus stop, from which both number 22 and 48 buses stop. The rate from the bus stop to central st is 1.60 euros due to different zone. We can definitely recommend the daily 4 hour tours of the city which depart at 11am and 3pm from opposite Central Station and outside the tourist information centre. The tour is free and is a brilliant way of finding out information about the city. There is also a 10 euro 3 hour tour of the red light district which departs from the same place at 6.45 which we really enjoyed.We really enjoyed our trip to Amsterdam and the Golden Tulip Amsterdam Art will definitely be going back soon.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnAmericanTourist
<Content>Just Ok if You're On a Budget This hotel was a little just ok if you are in a budget. However, it wasn't that cheap either, but hotels in Amsterdam are not very affordable in general. The location of the hotel was a little away from the Centraal Station and the main street, Damrak. You have to take the #48 bus to the Hempoint stop. A day pass costs 鈧?,30. If you stay closer to the center, you could walk to most sights. Be aware that at times this bus does not always run every 10 minutes. Only during peak times. Also, the bus passes by a bridge that rises to allow ships to pass by. This can lengthen your commute to and from Centraal Station. The bus does seem generally timely, so obtain a schedule from the transportation information office across the street of Centraal Station. The bus drops you off in front of the hotel, but across the street from it. There isn't a close by cross walk, so we had to jay walk to the hotel. Most of the time, there isn't a lot of cars on this street, but sometimes, there can be some cars speeding down the street. The area around the hotel is quiet, it looks like it is on the edge of an industrial/business part of town. There isn't much around the hotel, so you can't find restaurants, supermarkets, or convenience stores around. You have to get this in the main part of town.The hotel itself is just ok. The staff at the hotel was not very attentive or courteous. They were busy talking to each other rather than worrying about helping us check in. They even served people that were behind us first and took calls first before talking to us. We had to flag someone down before they helped us. It seems like the staff early in the morning is much more friendly and helpful than the middle of the day. They even asked if we needed a cab after checkout in the morning.The rooms were generally clean and ok size, for European standards. You had some room to move around. However, the furniture was not made of high quality materials. The counters in the room were plastic, like the types in hospitals. The carpeting was a bit worn. The ceiling of our bathroom was made of plywood and didn't have great workmanship. The bathroom was small.. They did not have a shower curtain in the shower, only a slim clear plastic panel that left 3/4 of the shower open to the rest of the bathroom. Unfortunately, if you angle your showerhead the wrong way or if you plan to splash at all, you can get your bathroom floor all wet. The bathroom was generally clean, except some edges of the bathtub had mold stains on it. An unusual aspect of this hotel is that they tried to decorate it in a whimsical artsy manner. Pieces of cheap furniture is accompanied by large paintings in the room. The rooms reminded me of dorm rooms. The decor was unusual with a stainless steel sink that looked like a kitchen sink, a decorated bathroom mirror, plain white tile on the walls, and black tiles on the floor. The beds were arranged oddly. The twin beds in one of our rooms were pushed very close together. Only 6 inches separate the two beds. They also did not change our sheets daily as requested either.If you are looking for a basic, clean (for the most part), unusually decorated place to stay on a bit of a budget, stay here. Otherwise, if you can find a better place to stay, you should go elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shinty0105
<Content>Excellent Hotel Have just returned on Friday 28th July from Amsterdam.Stayed in the Golden Tulip Art Hotel and found it to be excellent.It is spotlessly clean,the rooms are modern with the amazing glass bathroom! The bathroom has a fabulous deep bath to relax in after a hard days sightseeing. Found the location to be good with only a five to ten minute bus ride from Centraal Station.Get the number 48 bus as it stops right outside the Hotel. We bought a two day public transport pass for 10 euros and this was ideal to get around the city. We did the Greyline bike and boat tour which again we found to be real value for money.It consisted of a four hour bike ride through the streets of Amsterdam going to all parts of the city which normally you would not manage to go to,then an hour boat trip through the canals with free beer and water-much needed in 35 plus degree heat!!Overall Amsterdam is a great bustling city and to have a great hotel really made our trip.Would not hesitate in going back.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GOLDKT10
<Content>Lovely hotel, good location, would stay there again My partner and I travelled to Amsterdam mid early July and thought this hotel was really nice. We do the City Break thing frequently and normally stay in 'base' hotels, clean, good location but pretty basic. We expected Amsterdam Art to be the same but it is a real 4* hotel, really contemporary modern rooms, great location (10 mins from centre) however bathooms are made with glass doors and walls so dont expect any private bathroom time but shower is wonderful, rooms are spotlessly clean!! The whole hotel is lovely and restaurants looked great, usual hotel prices so we didnt eat in them but they looked nice. There is also a pulic pool surrounded by grass area right behind the hotel which I think you have to pay for which looked nice too.Only negtive that some people might find is that on the smoking floors (of which we were on) the coridoors had a constant cannibis smell (I know expected from Amsterdam) but the room itself was fine!General tips for Amsterdam we would have like to have known!:The hotel is around a 40 min travel time in all from Schipol airport and the best way to do it is get the train form SCHIPOL AIRPORT to CENTRAAL STATION which costs aroung 4 euros per single ticket and the from centraal station get the 48 bus and get of at HEMPOINT not Spaarndammerdijk this is what we did and you have to walk back to the hotel as HEMPOINT stops RIGHT outside.If you are intending to use public transport throughout your stay Id suggest buying a travelcard type ticket which you can use on buses, trams and tue (we didnt use the tube as its more for long journeys not around the main town). Buy it from the tourist office opposite Centraal station as you come out not one of the machines and its around 13 euros for 48 hours (also get it stamped on your first bus.tram as it needs to be validated)If you are going out at night the last 48 bus from the hotel goes at around midnight, after that you can get the 353 bus in and out of town and back to Hempoint until 6am when the 48 runs again.Nightclubs (actual dance clubs) seemed pretty scarce as most places are 'coffee shops' and bars, we wanted an rnb type club and the only one in the whole of AMsterdam (that we found and trust me we looked very hard!) was called MINISTRY this is the webite for address etc [---------]it could have been really good with good music and ok venue but the people were just pretty boring, not the kind of mad atmosphere in say Berlin for example, it was just all very stand around and do nothing than dancing and getting an atmosphere going, however we were told there were a few other places but unfortunaltey for us they were midweek places or thur/fri, these were La Rumba  Sinners. Its worth going to though it may have just been a quiet night when we went?Re the Red Light District, hhhmm good to go and say 'yes I have been there, seen it', but thats about it, very seedy and sleazy, groups of lads perving in glass windows at scarily young looking girls in bikinis trying to usher them in, that sort of thing, pick careully your time of going to check this part out best time would probably be 9-11 where its very touristy more of a laugh, couples, hen parties etc, whereas after 1 onwards its the ppl that are there to experience it first hand and not just as a tourist attraction if you know what I mean, ladies its pretty uncomfortable walking around that area at this time.During the day Amsterdam is a really pretty area and very flat so walking is easy! Its not that cheap so take plenty of spending money and be sure to do a canal cruise and the shopping is pretty good to! Everyone rides bikes so look out as you are walking as they have priority over pedestrians and it is really easy to rent them if you fancy getting around that way! Obviously if you are a smoker (we''re not) but we could see it would be heaven on earth for smokers (yes not cigarettes) as its i so chilled out and freely available!Hope this review is helpful and have a great time!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Golden Tulip Amsterdam Art After reading various mixed reviews about this hotel we were not sure what to expect. Our flight arrived in Amsterdam at 9am and we thought we would't be able to check in till 2pm. We arrived at the hotle around 10am  we were able to check in there  then, which was a touch! We did have to pay a 200 euros deposit on arrival. Ok if you've got a card but not if your having to pay out of your spending money. The rooms are brillant value  we love the way they have been designed  decorated, very modern, very sheek. Classy, comfy  clean what more can u ask for!The food is really nice and good value for money.The hotel is about 10-15 mins bus ride from Amsterdam centre or 1/2 hr walk, there is a BP garage 5 mins away very handy when ur walking home at 2am and you've got the munchies, again!The only thing im gutted with is not taking my bikini, no one metioned theres 2 public (out door) swimming pools in the garden area that hotel guest can use as well and the sun was out all 4 days we were there. CTx  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>whizbird85
<Content>Golden Tulip amsterdam art       comfy bed  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>frankie24
<Content>would recommend to anyone....... We have just returned from Amsterdam and stayed at the Golden Tulip Amsterdam Art, I would recommned this hotel to anyone and everyone.After months and months of looking for the right hotel I chose this one, and was very nervous like we all are when we arrived, but we were more than happy with the results!Although the outside of the building looks a bit like a block of flats, the inside more than made up for it. The whole building was spotlessly clean, the staff were brilliant, helpfull, and happy. The rooms were clean and comfortable, the beds (like someone else said in their review) were the most comfortable i have ever slept in, in a hotel. The breakfast was lovely, loads of choice. We loved everything about it.The distance to the centre of everything is 5 mins in a bus, the bus stop is outside the hotel (number 48) there are 4 an hour. We didnt acutually walk it because we done so much walking around the centre, but i reckon you could walk it in 20 mins.We absolutly loved Amsterdam and cant wait to go back there again.any questions please email me and ill help if i can carla.johnson@beerseller.co.uk  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Houston2tall
<Content>Good Place I found the hotel clean  comfortable. The location is out from the central area-however the bus stop is nearby. The breakfast buffet was 12 euros and was good. There are some local pubs a few blocks (2-3) away which were nice and enjoyable.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel-Good price Before we went to Amsterdam I read some reviews about this hotel and I was confused with them. Uppon arriving I discovered that there are two hotels with similar names at the same building. A 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel, sharing the lobby, the Art Cafe, the reception desk etc. I think that the difference between them are the rooms. We went to the 4 star hotel. The hotel has a good location, not in the center but the bus stop is very near and took us only 10 minutes to get there (reccommend buying a pass as it covers the train, tram, bus and boat, free entrance in museums and discounts at some restaurants). The breakfast is a good quality buffet with everything you usually need (nevertheless we had to pay an extra for expresso coffee). The Reception staff was very nice and hepfull.Our room was very modern and very clean. The bathroom is very unique.....impressive! The room had no view, but was very comfortable! I recommend this hotel to anyone who isn't too bothered about not staying in the heart of the town.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tamraisrki
<Content>cute hotel Living in the Netherlands for some time, I have learned that here even 5 star hotels dont feel like 5 star hotels in other countries. So, dont expect too much from any hotel here! (for instance, they are not changing towels every day- save the planet by using less detergents...)The nice thing about this one is that it is new and clean, nothing too specail, a bit far from the center. If i want to be too picky, our room was having doors on one wall and they were too thin, so that our neigbour was waking us up while sitting on a toilete seat. But, in total, one of the best moderate-budget hotels i visited in Netherlands. have fun and DOEI!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>diggler
<Content>top place just stayed at this great hotel , very friendly staff , slighty outside centre ( 10 mins in taxi , 10 - 15 euros ) lovely rooms and nice bar .Would recommend this to anyone who wants value for money , c u soon amsterdam !!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Exo
<Content>A little disappointing For the cost of this hotel, I expected a little bit more as far as the service level. Every time I interacted with the front desk, they seemed a little rude and didn't want to take the time to make sure their guests were satisfied. For example, I called the first day to get an iron sent up. I called they front desk and was told they're all out click. The second day I had to call 3 times to get them to finally send the iron up. The room was adequate, but I ended up with a sore back because the mattress was worn out. It was clean and the bathroom was a decent size.It wasn't horrible, but I wouldn't stay here again. I would pay a little more and stay further into the city.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean with large rooms       'Extra' room with hide-a-bed  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>*Great Hotel* I recently stayed at this hotel for a weekend for my birthday. My boyfriend and I took the Bus 22 to the hotel (which doesnt actually stop outside it..you do need to walk for a little bit!) I was a bit unsure about the location because it was obvious that we could not go out to the centre of Amsterdam and walk back to the hotel...but we checked the bus stops and there were 3 different buses to use. We found bus 48 very helpful - the bus takes about...10 mins or less to go back into town. However, we did take the bus the other way (heading towards station sloterdjk - which was also very useful...especially to go back to the airport!)When arriving at the hotel - the staff were very kind and helpful. Although they did fail to mention that you needed to insert your room card into this 'thing' next to the lift...otherwise it wouldn't work! So..we stood there for about 5 minutes then realised nothing was happening! There is alot of modern art all around the hotel...which is very cute...very different. Our room was very modern and very clean. I thought the bathroom was very unique..as well as the art as the 'head board'...impressive! The room had no view...but still really comfortable! The mattress was probably the best hotel mattress I have ever slept on! .... !The restaurant and the Art cafe was also very cosy...you must try the croquette in a roll thing in the cafe..for only 3.50 euros...with a salad! We also had breakfast for one of the mornings which cost 7euros..for a buffet. it is quite a bit but atleast you know you're getting quality food...from a hotel! The only bad thing about the menu is that...a lot of the meals are fish...which I don't eat...aswell as lamb...or veal (also on menu!).The only thing I would change about this hotel is the location..if it was right in the middle of Amsterdam then it would definetely score 10/10! however, if you do not mind taking the bus from the central of Ams to the hotel - then this hotel is worth staying at! I recommend this hotel..as its still easy to get to...its good for the town or to visit other places...!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous time in Amsterdam I have to admit, when I arrived in Centraal and saw how much rubbish lined the streets I wanted to turn round and go home, but when we finally made it to our hotel and checked in I was more than happy to stay. The hotel is lovely. Wasn't too keen on the two single beds pushed together (with two single duvets) - not hugely romantic, but that was my only gripe, so it can't be bad! The hotel staff were really friendly, although not all of them spoke English (but I don't speak Dutch so I can't complain too much!). They bent over backwards to help us! The bus service was so punctual (admitadly they weren't frequent) that it made getting around so easy (definately reccommend buying a pass as it covers the train, tram, bus and boat!) and the night bus was totally ace as well! Felt so safe travelling home in the middle of the night. My best bit of advice is to buy a guide book before you go as finding somewhere nice to eat in the city centre is hard for picky eaters! Red light district is a must - very peculiar but really fun night out! Bars just outside of there on the canal are lovely as well.All in all had a really fantastic few days in Amsterdam and would definately recommend our hotel even though it was a bit of a trek from the city centre - the facilities were great and the bathroom was quirky. Loved it!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nigelhu
<Content>Very nice hotel - a little far from town I stayed two nights at the hotel. I chose it because it had secure underground parking (鈧?7.50/night), and was easily accessible from the ringroad system.The hotel was clean and modern and the rooms large and comfortable. The staff spoke good English and were friendly. Breakfast was extra, so we chose to eat in town instead. The hotel is a good 30 minutes walk to the centre of town. There is a railway station next to it, however the two bus routes which pass the hotel seemed to be the most frequent way to the city centre. A taxi from central station will cost you a little over 鈧?5. As the previous reviewer noted, take anything out the fridge and the sensor automatically charges it to your bill. A little sneaky perhaps? And if you pay by credit card there is not a problem with a deposit. Overall, a great modern hotel, but perhaps a little too far from the centre of to be convenient for a stay of over 2 days.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mazza14
<Content>Nice hotel but staff hostile       Hotel Reception displaying various artists' portraits  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>RichardOrmson
<Content>Very good hotel in quiet location As noted in other reviews this hotel is a little out of the way, but you get much larger rooms and a quiet location as a trade off.The bus routes seem to have changed recently. When I went in May 05, bus number 48 (running between central station and sloterdijk station and back)stops outside the door, while bus 22 (to/from central station) terminates about 250 metres away. There is also a night bus service to/from the stops outside the hotel door. So getting to and from the city centre is not a problem. It's about 10 minutes on the bus or a half hour walk. One of the airport hopper busses also runs to the hotel, although I didn't use this so can't comment on the service.The hotel itself is modern and well maintained, with helpful (english speaking) staff. The artwork is interesting, but not really to my taste.Hotel restaurant is good for evening meals, although not cheap. Bar has a small range of local beers and a selection of foreign beers and liquors. Breakfast is a good quality buffet. Do not try to go for breakfast at the last minute though - everyone else has the same idea!The rooms are spacious and clean. If you book a triple (family room) then you actually get a larger room - unlike most hotels in Amsterdam where you just get an extra bed in a standard room. Overall I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who isn't too bothered about staying in the heart of the action. If you're after the red light district then this probably isn't for you!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BSouliere
<Content>Hotel Excellent...Dutch Beer --- Yes out of the way but clean, friendly and nice people.Our room was small but we came to the Dam to explore not hang in the room. When we were there the two bartenders in the pub were very friendly (salim? and Ninka) met some cool people and even watched Liverpool vs Chelsea one nite. The beds were comfotable and the shower/bathroom were more than enough for us.Taking the bus is really easy! It is a solid 15 minutes out to Centraal.Tell them at check in you dont want the mini-bar...just by moving an item they will charge you. We had them empty it and filled it with our own items. Breakfast buffet is fair (had it once). It will be tough to find a 99 euro/nite hotel as decent, as this place. goood bargain. Dont fret about the bus its a great way to see and meet people.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Saving Grace The hotel was wonderful. We got there early on Sunday (Easter) morning and we found that the Amstel Botel lost our reservation so we found the number to this hotel at the airport. This hotel was actually our first choice but while we were looking for less expensive alternatives we changed our minds. It was definitely worth the extra money. The only downside is that the hotel is not in the center and you have to travel a little bit to get to the action. Luckily, the 22, 48 and night bus stop right in front of the hotel (they have bus schedules at the hotel) and they run all night long. The ride is only 10-15 minutes to dam center. You don't need a car while you are their. They have an excellent public transit system. They hotel is great though!!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We got in great shape by making the walk to the tulip! a wonderful property! my 18 nights in the middle of winter will go down as my best vacation ever! yes it is a bit out of the center of things, but unless it was raining I personally opted to walk into the center every time I went (and I managed to loose about 10 pounds this trip by walking everywhere, yay!) my wife called the walk our Amsterdam, buns of steel workout, we both had a great time, and enjoyed the surrounding neighborhood. the staff was professional and courtious at all times and some of the clerks even knew our names by the time we left. The art is fresh and bold, and the building was warm and in a safe neighborhood, where we were remembered at every business we visited more then once, the people in the area don't get the hords of tourists that you get in the city center so they tend to open up a bit and talk to you, also not a pickpocket to be found in this area either! from the centeral station to the hotel door is about a 25 minute walk at a brisk pace. yes, it is a bit out, yes it is a long walk, yes, we were in great shape when we got home, and we can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top marks! Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights after booking via the internet at a very good price.  Good points about this hotel:  - Clean rooms - ours was cleaned and linen and towels were replaced twice in 2 days!  -Very friendly staff  - Modern decor  -Comfortable bed and sofa  -Toiletteries provided  -Bus stop outside hotel door into Amsterdam central (Centraal station)  -Price  -BBC1 and 2 on tv in room  Bad points about this hotel:  -Automatic doors have to be opened if you want to exit or enter the hotel and if none of the staff are around, you have to wait for someone to appear  -Situation of hotel is near an industrial estate TNT over the road - our view was of a disused railtrack!  All in all, stop here if you are not bothered about the view from the hotel as we came to Amsterdam to see the city and as the room was modern and clean this hotel was more than sufficient for us.  A bus stops outside the hotel and costs approx 2,50 euros each (one way) into the centre. I recommend you buy a strippenkarten (available at most newsagents (normally says on the door if they sell them)) of 15 or 45 lines dependant on how far you travel more lines will be used. 2 lines are used (stamped by driver) per person one way from hotel to Centraal station.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in November 2004 (Friday and Saturday nights). Booked via Expedia. Found the hotel and room to be clean and contemporarily decorated - Good value compared to the more expensive Park Hotel in Den Haag we stayed prior to moving to this hotel. However this hotel is about 15 minutes bus ride from the Amsterdam central station - ask the bus driver to give you a shout at the correct stop as the bus stop is on the opposite side of the hotel (when arriving from the central station). If you are a tea or coffee lover, note that there are NO COMPLIMENTARY tea/coffee nor kettle or cups provided in the room.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff are terrible with billing issues We booked the hotel for 3 persons. They chraged for extra person (40 euros) they did not give us an extra bed. When asked they said they are charging for the extra person not for bed. Also initially when we booked we booked for 3 days, 3 persons. But when we checked in we told last day 3 person is not going to be there. So instead of reducing the price they just changed the prices around (increased the base price for the 3 days) and charged the original amount they quoted. If you go there make sure you ask for extra bed.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>denealio
<Content>Good value, great design, but a bit out of the center I agree with most comments, great design, good value and so much better than all the sub-par hotels in Amsterdam. However, the hotel is a bit of a hike to the center of town. Buses 48  49 stop directly in front, and number 22 is close. I just wish the hotel's website had a better map and information on how to get there. (They do give you a very good printed map upon check-in.) On the trip back, I used the Connexxion Bus to Schipol, it stops at the hotel is was 11 EUR. There is high speed internet in the rooms and the lobby has T-Mobile HotSpot Wi-Fi. Room safe was big enough to hold a laptop. It is actually 2 hotels in one. The Tulip Amsterdam Art and the GOLDEN Tulip Amsterdam Art. One side is a *** hotel, and the Golden is the **** part. Same check-in desk, lobby, restaurants, etc. If you can spend the extra 10-20 EURO and get a room in Golden part, they have very nice bathtubs.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value hotel The Amsterdam Art Hotel was a clean, comfortable good value hotel, close to the centre of Amsterdam on the bus (there are 2 different services going from outside the hotel to the Central Station). There is also a huge outdoor swimming pool next door which hotel guests can use for a nominal charge. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Art in the city(ok it's just outside) We had a lovely time at this hotel. The decor was interesting and surprisingly comfortable, people were friendly, there's even an outdoor swimming pool! But I have to warn you about the minibars in the rooms as you get charged for LIFTING things off the shelves. I would also recommend taking a city guide to Amsterdam as the transport system is quite confusing. On arrival, it might be easier to go to central station first then back on yourselves, get buses 48 or 49 which stop right opposite the hotel or 22 which goes round the corner after the BP station. To be honest we didn't spend that much time at the hotel as there was so much to do in town. All in all it was a very enjoyable trip and we shall be back!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed My Stay A great value, well decorated room, very nice bar, respectful and pleasant staff. I bought a 72 hour pass for busses and trams at the airport which turned out to be a good move. This hotel is in a quiet neighborhood near a park which gave me the feeling of living in Amsterdam rather than being a tourist. The Tulip Art has one of the few hotel bars I actually enjoyed. Meet a few nice girls from Spain and Sweden there. I was very comfortable at this hotel and knowing that for what I paid to stay at the Tulip Art I've could have stayed in a tiny depressing room downtown for the same rate makes me feel like I've won the lotto.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for money Although this hotel is not in the centre, it is great value for money. The staff were very friendly and efficient. The room was large, comfortable, very clean, with everything in working order.The art displayed around the hotel is great idea and the atmosphere of the place is very good.I would highly recommend this hotel, you can easily get in to the centre by bus, which stops right outside(you can use your Amsterdam pass on it for unlimited travel), or of course by taxi. I think that it is fantastic value for money and should not be overlooked just because it is slightly out of the centre.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its great   showReview(2316787, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>worldman1
<Content>Not in the heart of town, but I'll take it.   showReview(2130503, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out for the other reviewers' advice!   showReview(1758796, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great dutch neghborhood   showReview(1629704, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kilmistr
<Content>Not near downtown but....   showReview(1629059, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Golden Tulip Art, The Tulip Inn; Nice place, nice price   showReview(1510252, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel   showReview(1140435, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mislead   showReview(1037690, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>off the beaten path   showReview(1032176, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel   showReview(1030474, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono venuto 2 volte ad...   showReview(22881426, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bello e corrispondente...   showReview(20328926, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ottimo sotto ogni punto...   showReview(19868548, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(19644308, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel facile da raggiungere...   showReview(19948912, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo, elegante...   showReview(19948910, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bello e pulitissimo. A 10...   showReview(19842136, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tres beau je recommande   showReview(19644307, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s agr茅able, 脿 conseiller   showReview(19644305, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s contemporain!   showReview(19644304, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder gerne   showReview(19644306, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist absolut genial hatten ein romatisches sehr sauberes Zimmer mit allem komfort   showReview(18527644, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bell'albergo e soprattutto pulitissimo e nuovo   showReview(18527642, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脺berraschend gut   showReview(18527643, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lontano dal centro. Personale 4...   showReview(17965644, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent   showReview(17439947, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas de connexion internet...   showReview(17240804, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon hotel lo consiglierei   showReview(16604146, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueil catastrophique : la...   showReview(16730373, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix. Pas...   showReview(16730617, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unica pecca la posizione, molto...   showReview(16729241, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tranquillo a soli 10...   showReview(16729682, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buen Hotel,recomendable.   showReview(16728838, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo stati ad Amsterdam per la...   showReview(14624104, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel franchement agreable par...   showReview(13568995, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel bello e confortevole...   showReview(14274036, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo era come nella...   showReview(13974118, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto carino, pulito e...   showReview(12752470, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo si trova nel...   showReview(12651400, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto gradevole anche se un p貌...   showReview(12651243, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luchinoValencia
<Content>Arte y precios razonables.   showReview(10686297, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht zu empfehlen   showReview(11305736, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(11456349, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel est magnifique mais...   showReview(11336514, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s agr茅able de style...   showReview(11336515, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Raum war klein, aber OK. L眉fter...   showReview(12648531, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ziemlich schlecht   showReview(11403849, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Employ茅s 脿 l'accueil ne parlant...   showReview(11336516, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stanze belle e pulitissime...   showReview(11336517, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>plus minus null   showReview(11353883, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11334624, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo - ottima posizione   showReview(5482460, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellente prestation. Une...   showReview(11336518, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il punto debole di questa...   showReview(11336519, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'茅tablissement est d'un tr茅s...   showReview(11336520, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

