<Author>tripjubu
<Content>Had an Excellent Experience       Singers outside the restaurant on Sunday at lunch  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Irishtoo
<Content>Loved the hotel, the location a bit less. I spent 4 nights in the Four Seasons in mid December, at the start of a month long holiday in Mexico. I booked about a week before my arrival, via the hotel website, and got a very good (50%)discount on normal rates.I am a sole female traveller, and as it was my first visit, and because my flight arrived at 10pm, I booked the hotel transfer service. I was glad I did! It was very efficient and comfortable. I did not think the cost was unreasonable, especially compared to the costs in other FS hotels.The hotel itself is pretty much what you would expect from the Four Seasons, same bathroom tiles, same toiletries, similar decor, but still very comfortable nonetheless. The deluxe rooms are really very spacious, especially for one person. The windows actually open, and if you have a courtyard view (as I did), it is very pleasant to feel fresh air in the mornings.I had the buffet breakfast every day in the courtyard, and it is a very relaxing start to the day. The mornings in December are very fresh and pleasant before the heat of the day sets in, and the courtyard is exceptionally pleasant, with a chiminea style gas fire in the middle of the dining area, to take the chill off. There are white fairy lights strung through the low hedging which makes it very attractive in the evenings.The staff were, without exception, very helpful, and spoke very good English, for those of us with faltering Spanish.The only minor gripe is that housekeeping was a little eratic. One day I got back to the hotel at about 3-4pm, after a day sightseeing, and the room was not made up. Equally, the turndown tended to be a little late, and once did not happen at all. This is a very minor issue for me, and was quickly remedied with a call to housekeeping.The location is good during the day. It is a pleasant walk to the nearby museums  galleries, and a short walk to the Sevilla metro (which I used extensively and had no problems with). In the evenings however, you would need to take a taxi to a restaurant/bar, as none are within reasonable walking distance. Overall, this was a very comfortable experience, and I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>edleo13
<Content>Oasis in the desert       View of beautiful inner courtyard  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sc0user
<Content>Fantastic Luxuty What a fantastic place. Even the carpet in the hallway is posh!!! Checked in for one nights stay on our way out of Mexico and blown away by the quality and service!!!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ladybugx87
<Content>Great business hotel I stayed at the Four Seasons for 4 nights in December 2008 on business and really enjoyed the hotel. We got a wonderful corporate rate.Check in was OK- it was kind of slow at 8PM on Monday evening but that was okay. My room was very spacious and the bathrooms are beautiful. The view of the gardens and courtyard was magnificent. My room was always cleaned quite well and they even left extra complimentary water bottles for me.The gym was quite nice- I worked out most mornings and there was always adequate space and good service. They had complementary bananas too.I had drinks at the bar one night and service was prompt. Check out was quite smooth.I agree with previous posters- you need to use a reputable car service.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>aLITTLESpoiled
<Content>Superlative Service! Greeted warmly by staff, we truly enjoyed our stay in D.F. as they say, and spent many a relaxing moment enjoying the huge garden courtyard bar for antojitos and refrescas. You will NOT need to be met at the airport for $100 VIP service, nor to use the hotel service from the airport @ $85 but instead hire a Suburban from the stand inside the customs area of the airport for $25! Our teenage son arrived separately at 6 AM after a red-eye flight, so we had arranged the bells-and-whistles VIP service for him-- which was completely unnecessary.While using their drivers is extremely expensive, unless you have access to other private chauffeurs, it is the only way to go and they are extremely gracious. Do NOT jump a city cab off the street-- always call a reliable service. We walked during daylight to and from the Anthropology Museum, one of the true jewels of Mexico City. On Saturday, the Bazaar de San Angel is wonderful, followed by lunch or taquitos at the San Angel Inn. (wear something presentable!)We look forward to returning one day, and thank the Four Seasons staff for their courtesy throughout our stay.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FredTravelVa
<Content>My go-to hotel in Mexico City The Four Seasons is a five or six star gem in Mexico City. The layout of the hotel creates a large interior courtyard with a paradise-like setting. Eat a meal or have a drink in the courtyard at night -- a special experience.The restaurants are very good. There are a number of shops on the property which offer high quality merchandise. The rooms are spacious, and the service level is very high. The concierge desk at the hotel will help you with special needs: We wanted a driver to take us to the pyramids. No problem. We got a first-class excursion from our business meetings.I have hosted two conferences at this hotel, and each time I have been impressed.This is a superb business travel hotel, but it would make for a romantic get-away too.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>larfincouple
<Content>Great service I arrived late at night and minus my bags (good old Miami airport hub!) but reception staff - who were expecting me - put me at ease immediately and provided a good emergency toiletries kit, and collected my bags for me the next day when they arrived. Good size room and bathroom with seperate bath and shower, nice toiletries, huge bed, all the facilities you can need. Take a laptop to access free wireless and avoid paying internet fees in the business centre. Fabulous health club with spa facilities, and possibly the warmest swimming pool I have ever been fortunate enough to bathe in! Lovely attentive staff. Make the effort to speak Spanish if you can as it takes you a long way, but is not at all a necessity with these lovely guys. Slightly expensive as you would imagine with a 5 star hotel, but it麓s all relative. You can find a local restaurant for half the price but you may get half the service too!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>escholte
<Content>Disappointed Arriving after a long flight from the UK, I was a bit disappointed with the Four Seasons, Mexico City. The room decor is very generic - no plush touches I would have expected. We had dinner at Reforma 500 and it was VERY disappointing - my chicken was so tough and overcooked it was bone dry. The breakfast was very good though. The service from the staff made up for the detractions of the food and room. The concierge staff were exceptional in organizing things.Won't be rushing back in a hurry. I don't think this is one of the better hotels in the Four Seasons chain.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChadRoyW
<Content>Four Season Mexico City Perfect way to end our week in Mexico. You can walk right past this building and never know its there. Once inside however, you know your there. I have never had the oppurtunity to stay at such a hotel, for me this was brilliant. Wonderful location on Reforma, easy ride to the airport.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SoloenPrimera
<Content>Luxury Hotel with excellent service I have stayed at the Four Seasons in Mexico City many times over the last 5 years. I stay here at least 5 times a year. Although I would not rate it among the Four Seasons finest properties all over the world, it is the most luxurious hotel in Mexico City and one of my favorites. The service is typical FS excellent service, which makes any stay at a FS hotel worth the money.This is probably one of the cheapest FS properties. I have stayed at many FS properties throughout the world and this seems like the most reasonably priced, especially on weekends (early weekend rates are phenomenal). It is best to book their weekend or early weekend rates. Weekday prices are much more expensive but are much cheaper through the AMEX Fine Hotels and Resorts program. The rooms are very nicely decorated and underwent a major renovation within the last 2 to 3 years. The TVs are flat-screen LCDs, one in the rooms and 2 in the suites. The bathrooms are large, typical of other FS hotels, with a separate bath and shower (no TV in the bathrooms) and marble sink areas. They do provide bottled water in the rooms and suites. I especially love the ONE BEDROOM SUITES but have stayed in most category rooms except for the lowest categories. I think the rooms ending in 10-19 are the brightest and can be a little dark elsewhere in my opinion. Most recently I stayed in room 811, a very bright one-bedroom suite, while my sister stayed in 714, a very nice, bright Deluxe room. The EXECUTIVE SUITES WITH COURTYARD VIEW are probably the best value as they are rather large. Most have one bathroom but occasionally I have stayed in the one that has a half guest bathroom (room X19 on each floor if I recall correctly). It does make the living room seem smaller overall though. The EXECUTIVE SUITES WITH REFORMA VIEW are a little smaller than the ones facing the courtyard. I think the view of Paseo de Reforma street is beautiful, directly across from the Torre Mayor, the tallest building in Mexico City, but the bathroom is strangely located off the living room rather than off the bedroom, unlike the suites facing the courtyard.The PREMIUM rooms are on the second floor. The PREMIUM terrace rooms (I believe there are 2), also on the 2nd floor (out of 8 floors) have a terrace with a table and chairs. I hesitate to recommend the premium or premium terrace rooms as they are closest to the restaurant (right on top of it) which has outdoor seating in the courtyard. When I stayed in the premium terrace room, I could see people sitting there so it made me feel as though they could see me as well. I did not enjoy the lack of privacy there. Of note, there is a terrace available to the public directly opposite from the restaurant on the other side of the courtyard on the second floor as well. This terrace is also equipped with tables and chairs.The DELUXE rooms are a great bargain for a FS property. They are rather large for a regular room, 602 sq feet, with a bathroom as large as the suite bathrooms. My only gripe here is that the one couch sits opposite to the desk but the TV is in front of the bed so you necessarily have to watch TV from your bed rather than from the couch (not really a bad thing, I suppose).All of the rooms have windows that can be fully opened. In the middle of the day, this is actually a nice feature as the weather is quite pleasant. If you have a room facing the courtyard, it is easy to forget you are in Mexico City as it is very peaceful and quiet. You can hear the people in the courtyard as the restaurant and bar both have outdoor sitting in the courtyard, but I have never found the noise to be bothersome, even from the 2nd floor rooms.The SPA is tiny which is a surprise but the massages are excellent. Ask for Vicky. She is amazing. I especially love the Punta Mita Massage and look forward to it on every stay. I have not used the fitness room within the Spa but it looks very nice. There is a pool but is too small for a real swim. I often see people sunbathing there. They do offer fruit, water and tea at the Fitness Center.There are 2 gift shop off the courtyard, both rather nice. I have bought several items from them over the years. If you are interested in truly Mexican things, check out the Talavera items in the smaller gift shop. The hotel is within a 5 minute walk of Chapultepec Park. I love walking to the zoo. That is more of a 20 minute walk within the Park but is free and quite impressive. I am a woman and do not have any problem walking around the area near the hotel during the day, but I do not recommend it at night. Unlike the previous poster, I have not had any problems with the traffic. I do recommend the hotel cars. Yes, they are more expensive but safer and much more comfortable than taxis in this city.The staff is wonderful. I am Mexican but I hear them speaking English with foreigners, and they speak quite fluently--from the front desk staff to the concierge to the room service folks. I am always pleased that they remember me from previous stays as well. Room service is always very prompt, 25 minutes or less as advertised. I recommend all the food EXCEPT, ironically, for the Mexican items on the room service menu. The Mexican food does not taste like real Mexican food (sorry Four Seasons) but the other offerings are excellent.It will be very interesting to see how the Four Seasons here changes once the St. Regis and Park Hyatt open in the coming year. Right now there is no competition in the luxury hotel market in Mexico City, but these new properties should provide comparable luxury service.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjpalm
<Content>Great Hotel Consistent Service, Not a Good Location Have stayed here a few times for business, and this hotel never disappoints. courtyard, pool and spa are an oasis in this concrete jungle. Rooms area clean and consistent and up to four seasons standards. Hotel not located in the best area of the city, and I would not recommend walking outside, even though there is a park closeby. Hotel is located in an area with alot of one way stalled traffic, so a real pain to get in and out of the hotel if you are trying to get to meetings or the airport to catch a flight.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ScottDC
<Content>Classic and Elegant I stayed at the Four Seasons in Mexico City on a business trip for three nights. It was a flawless gem of a hotelI was upgraded to a suite on arrival for a modest additional charge. The room was spacious, comfortable and, thought it faced Reforma, 99% quiet. (It was a bit odd that the bathroom was on the living room side of the suite, but since I was alone, it didn't matter.) The staff was polite, helpful and gracious, without being overbearing. Room service for a late night snack and for breakfast was prompt and delicious, and a another breakfast and lunch in the beautiful courtyard were both delightful. The gym was well equipped and pleasant. This was what one should expect from the Four Seasons, with an overlay of Mexico City classical elegance. The location is great -- I had a brief window of free time and took a short walk to Chapultepec and the Anthropology Museum (which is a do not miss -- one of the great museums I have been to in all my travels). The airport transportation arranged through the hotel was perfect in all respects. This is a city worth visiting, and if you do, this is the hotel to stay in.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VeryPickyBeachLovers
<Content>Elegant and good service Mexico City is a big dirty crowded city. The Four Seasons is an oasis of calm and elegance in the middle of this. The hotel is built in a square around a large open-air courtyard containing tropical gardens, a fountain, sculptures, a cafe, and a restaurant. It is worth paying the extra to get an inward facing room overlooking the courtyard instead of an outward-facing room with a street view.The hotel lives up to the Four Seasons standard. The rooms are large, traditional, and understatedly elegant. They have all the amentities and features that you would expect. We travelled with our baby and thought it was lovely the way they set up a crib with toys, baby products, and a hand-written sign with our baby's name.The public areas of the hotel are also very spacious and elegant. The gym is small but has modern equipment, refreshments, and everything you need for an adequate on-the-road workout. There is a nice but small (definitely not for swimming laps!) rooftop pool surrounding by beachchairs for relaxing in the sunshine.The service was generally excellent - smiling, friendly people doing everything possible to make your stay comfortable. Our only niggle was the up-selling on check-in. We arrived early and were offered an early check-in if we paid for an extra day. Since we were staying for a week, I would expect early check-in to be offered for free if a room was ready. We were also offered a variety of room upgrade options for a price. I felt like I was at a rental car counter, not an upscale hotel!Overall, I definitely recommend the Four Seasons in Mexico City. We have also stayed at the JW Marriott in Mexico City. That is a nice hotel, but the Four Seasons is in a class above it in terms of both surroundings and service.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>N7tripper
<Content>As expected Typical of this sort of hotel with rooms fitted and finished to a high standard, polite and attentive staff, good food, smart and spacious communal areas although these are beginning to look slightly dated now. Location was not ideal although in any big city no location is ideal for everywhere anyway. Basically everything we would have expected from a hotel under this brand.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Billyphx
<Content>Great Location in a vibrant city I stayed 4 nights at the 4 Seasons in Mexico City in July 2008. I was impressed by the property. The inner court yard is so beautiful that it made for a great launching point each morning and a place to regroup during tyhe day before going back out into this bustling city. This hotel's location is very central so you can walk to the Roma, the Condessa or to Chapultapec park as well as the Zona Rosa. It is also very close to the Metro which goes to the Historic Center of town. First class experience.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bobsyrunkle
<Content>4 seasons mexico city - could not have been better       Courtyard view from our room at night  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>Texian
<Content>Peaceful Oasis in a Frenetic City A wonderful hotel in an interesting city. Beautiful grounds. Loved the courtyard. Very quiet and peaceful. Great service from the concierge to the bellmen to the maids. The concierge desk was very helpful with restaurants. Great suggestions. We utilized the prepositioned taxis for excursions to Coyacan and to the pyramids. One suggestion is to negoitate with these guys directly and pay cash for a much cheaper rate. They were great guides. Very knowledgeable and personable. Probably the best hotel in Mexico.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CANADIANTEXPLORERS
<Content>Comfortable and Charming Oasis We spent 2 nights in Mexico City at the end of a beach holiday. It was the week leading up to Easter and the City was hopping with Mexican families on holidays. The Four Seasons was our quiet oasis of calm to start and end the day. I booked the basic room (including breakfast) and it was lovely, overlooking the courtyard and on an upper floor. The view was outstanding and the room very quiet. Beautifully finished and furnished, we had everything we needed to unwind and refresh. Breakfasts and dinners were superb in the courtyard. The food was excellent and beautifully presented.(We ate one night at Pampano, a fish restaurant in the Polanca, which was very good but we preferred our dinner at the Four Seasons) for freshness, atmosphere and variety. Because the weather was cool, the hotel used the outdoor gas fireplaces and heat lamps to keep the patio invitingly warm. The exquisite gardens, outdoor sculpture and fountain added to the ambience. We arranged a driver/guide for the day through the hotel, Raymondo, and he was excellent and truly made the day. He picked us up at 9:30 AM and took us on a wonderful tour of the city amidst all the crowds and traffic, always finding the perfect parking spot or dropping us off out front and then returning to pick us up. We then drove out of the city to the Dolores Olmedo Museum and gardens. Raymondo skillfully interpreted the Diego Rivera murals for us at the Palace and the paintings and sculpture at the Olmedo museum, adding so much to our enjoyment and understanding of the art, architecture and social/political context. At the end of the day we had covered so much territory and sites. The private tour was worth every penny. All of the staff are excellent, friendly and very helpful. When we went to check out the computers were down so we were not able to see our bill on leaving. The only surprise is the charge they add for every taxi you take from the hotel. Although we always payed the driver and included the tip, the hotel also adds a surcharge, which we found surprising. Loved the hotel and location and would highly recommend it. Worth a splurge!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lisaflippo
<Content>Always a great place to stay... There has not been a Four Seasons Hotel that I was disappointed in. This hotel was beautiful. We had an executive suite which was large and well appointed. The windows overlook the Paseo de la Reforma.. busy street but the windows were heavy and we never heard the traffic. The hotel has a beautiful courtyard with restaurants.. all lit up at night, very nice. The staff was above and beyond helpful.. we felt comfortable and safe. Definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tomeley
<Content>Disappointed We spent two nights at the Four Season. Checked in with two adults and three kids (2 teens). Had to have two room since there is a limit of three people to a room. They asked the names of the kids at check-in, not sure why. Got to the connecting rooms to find just the three beds (one king and the other had two twin or double beds). Asked the bellboy for roll away bed and he responded. One of the rooms smelled of smoke. We left the window open and went out for the night. When we returned at 11:30, no extra bed. Called down and they had one delivered in twenty minutes. I don't get why I ever had to ask for one, this should have been figured out at check-in or by the computer when we made the reservation. The one room still smelled of smoke and it wasn't until 6am that I figured out the pillow stunk, I felt like I was sleeping in an ash tray (I haven't smelled like that since my college days). There is nothing a hotel can do about people who smoke in non-smoking rooms, but the maid must have known there was a problem when the last guest vacated and could have done something about it. The next day we asked to have the linens changes and the beds made hypoallergenic (who knew you can request that besides my wife). This helped, but when I removed the dirty filter on the A/C things really improved. The workout room was great and the staff there very nice. Lots of water and fresh fruit for afterwards. The pool and hot tub are outside and fine for the kids. Internet access was $28/day or maybe I didn't read the card correctly. Went dark for the weekend, which was kind of nice. This was my first experience with the Four Seasons chain and it did not meet my expectations. We stayed at the Embassy Suites down the street and had a much better experience.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Jimandcheryl
<Content>Exceeded Expectations Finally we found a hotel that remembers that they are in the hospitality business. Our experience at the Four Seasons Mexico City was wonderful. The rooms are great, the service is incredible. Everyone greets you by name and takes the extra step to make sure all our needs are fulfilled. It is easy to write bad reviews and tell of bad experiences, but after staying here, the experience was so wonderful, I thought it only fair to share a great time.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DMH154
<Content>Lovely Hotel We are just back from three days at the Four Seasons Mexico City and had a lovely time. The hotel has a web promotional rate for three day stays (Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights only) that is exceptional. The offer extends to their suites.The condition of the property is excellent and the photos on the website are accurate.We booked the hotel's airport pick up driver and were very happy with the service and the driver's skill.We had breakfast, dinner through room service and dinner in the restaurant and it was above average but not stellar. Breakfast for two off the menu ran $60, not unusual at a businessman's hotel, but dinner was quite reasonable.The most exceptional thing about our stay was the service. The staff is exceptionally well trained, skilled, friendly and unpretentious.The hotel felt secure (with card entry to the room access corridors and to the guest rooms) and elegant.We have stayed in at least 6 Four Seasons Hotels throughout the world and felt that the Mexico City property was unfortunately a bit of a step down from their usual standard.There were two things that stood out. The first is that they use the ubiquitous comforters on the bed, with an embroidered sheet cover and a folded throw on top. All of that is fine except that they don't use a duvet to enclose the comforters. Instead they use your top sheet as the bottom of the cover of the comforter, so there really isn't a top (flat) sheet on the bed. They are using a flat embroidered sheet on top of the comforter and your top sheet as the bottom of the comforter. So if you disarrange the flat sheet you have the raw comforter on you. Which, for me was a bit of an ewwwwww. I don't want to be wondering when the last time the comforter was washed.This is just weird and not something that you expect from the Four Seasons. Perhaps this is a result of the water shortage.The other odd thing was that the shower stall is about 2 1/2 foot square, but the bathroom is huge.They must have used the same architect at the San Francisco Four Seasons, because that property has the same flaw.We liked the property, mainly because of the staff.Anyway, the property is nice, but don't expect the Georges V.PS: Mexico City now closes Reforma on Sundays to auto trafficso that bicyclists, skaters and runners can use the boulevard for fun.It really gives the area a festive and accessible feel.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crazytravel50
<Content>Expensive but lives up to its reputation! We recently stayed at the Four Seasons in Mexico City and found it truly a delght. THe staff speak very good english and the service is excellant. The location and the grounds of the hotel are truly superb and i would highly recommend this hotel. Regardless, as one would expect with any top hotel, it is expensive and a service charge is added to absolutely everything. Great facilities, comfortable rooms. Would defintely return.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kalbrooklyn
<Content>Felicidades! a lovely christmas stay       lit up christmas courtyard  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>PoblanoJ
<Content>Sophisticated Charm If cost is not a concern, I cannot imagine anyone finding fault with this lovely, sophisticated and charming oasis near Chapultepec Park and its beautiful gardens, attentive service (the doormen and waiters were especially on their toes), and immaculate rooms with high-quality furnishings, wonderful food, and knowledgeable staff. If cost is a concern, however, be aware that no service is inexpensive here (280 pesos a night for in-room internet, 100 pesos for a hotel taxi to the -- walkable -- Zona Rosa, etc). The hotel is walking distance to museums and restaurants, and is a short drive to the Centro Hist贸rico.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mali2007
<Content>An oasis My family and I stayed at the Four Seasons in July of 2006. This was our 3rd time staying at this hotel over the last 10 years. Each time I am more impressed at how beautifully the place is maintained. The building鈥檚 architecture is welcoming and beautiful. This hotel is located in a very busy part of Mexico City but as soon as you walk in is as if you have stepped into an oasis of calm and quiet. The rooms are spacious and lovely. The staff is professional and friendly. The food at both restaurants is great.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tom228
<Content>Great hotel Good location, beautifully decorated, excellent staff, good food, had a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>samaggarwal
<Content>Fantastic! Great hotel! Lovely rooms, superb staff, good business center facilities, good location, excellent restaurant....no complaints!sameer aggarwal  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kertrip
<Content>excellent Excellent inner city choice. Facilities and staff are both excellent for this type of international chain hotel.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CAM66
<Content>Wonderful Experience Simply one of the nicest hotels, for staff, rooms  location. All the staff were wonderful in thought and act, from arrival at some very late hour, through to departure - with complimentary coffee and a paper whilst waiting for my care after a very early check out. Rooms great with beautiful bathrooms and view over the inernal courtyard. The pool is small, however wonderful to relax in. I would happily stay here on my next trip to Mexico City.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelwineandmore
<Content>Great hotel but lack of charm You get a great location great rooms and the four seasons service. The only thing is that the restaurant is not as good as the rest (But that might just be that Mexicans are really not gourmets).But in Mexico City there are plenty of alternatives. The Camino Real has definitely not the same level of service but the architecture is great and it has the feeling of what Mexico wanted to send out as a message for the 1976 Olympics. Then You have the Habita, the Condesa DF and the W as valid alternatives as well. So I like the hotel, but I would rather recommend one of the other four hotels.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jwolu
<Content>Fine hotel I enjoyed this immensely. We arrived here at 1am after 18 hours of travelling and had been up for 24 hours. Mexicana Airlines had lost our luggage and the hotel provided us all with emergency supplies at no coat. They also took charge of our lost luggage issue and ensured the next day that it as delivered to our room when it arrived 24 hours later.We had a rate that included breakfast and this was buffet or choice. The hotel was not full but still had a healthy mix of guests- Mexican, European and American. Staff very helpful.The beds are divine. The bathroom and room just narrowly miss the Four Seasons standard but when we saw what else was on offer in Mexico when we moved on, we realised that is is as goods as it gets.Small pool but nice and well lit late at night. Gym (age 16 plus)and ladies' area is also fine. This is complimentary.One evening, when we got back to the room, special treats of popcorn, limes and chili sauce had been left for the children.The only minor snag is the hotel taxi service. They foist this on you on the don't trust anyone else basis. Take the regular(not the green and white) red and white cabs. A trip to the airport cost 338 pesos with the hotel. The authorised taxi fare is 160 pesos.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>dbc1717
<Content>Excellent hotel but eat somewhere else.. This is an excellent hotel in a good location, very close to Chapultepec Park and the Anthropology Musuem. The grounds are beautiful and the beds are unbelievably comfortable. Nice small pool/jazuzzi/gym area outside with free bottled water, fruit, coffee, newspaper, etc. I ate twice at the restaurant and didn't particularly like it either time even though I didn't have to pay either time, which says something, because it would have been very expensive. There are many many other excellent restaurants so don't waste your time staying in at the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FernandezMonterrey
<Content>Great hotel! I stayed at the four seasons the last weekend of may. 3 days to be exact. We were a group of three girls attending a conference that took place at the same hotel. All was perfect......fast check in, great food, especially the breakfast buffet. The beds were a little bit high, but great to sleep on them....The bathroom was not too big, not too small, but had everything we need. The toiletries were so great, I love the L'occitane brand!....the quantity, good enough for the three of us....I really enjoy my stay at that hotel...they have a total free shoe shine service and they did a great job! also, It was good to get every morning the newspaper in the room, completely free too..... the only thing I think was so over priced was the use of the internet at the business center......20 d贸lars for an hour!!! too much for me....my mistake anyway, since I should have asked the price first!!!.....  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Jo_Ep_1954
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I recently returned from 5 days in Mexico City at the Four Seasons Hotel. I cannot say enough about the staff, very friendly , courteous and helpful. My husband was there on business for a couple of days and the rest of the time we were on our own. The concierge recommended some very good restaurants, but we also had some good recommendations from some of the drivers (which by the way were not that much more expensive than the taxis for short trips, and much more comfortable cars). Lovely room overlooking the courtyard. I agree on the expensive room service prices and breakfast at the buffet bar was also pricey (they tack on 5% if you charge more than $100 to your room). All in all a very pleasurable experience. Would definitely return to this hotel. Great gift shops too!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goof87
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in an interesting city Just returned from a wonderful trip to Mexico City and the Four Seasons Mexico D.F. While the hotel is not as large or posh as some Four Seasons I have stayed at around the world, it is a very well appointed, safe hotel in a busy city. The conceirge and food and beverage staff were wonderful and assisted me in creating a beautiful setting in the courtyard in which to ask my girlfriend to marry. I will agree that the food and drinks at the hotel are rather expensive. The car service and tours were actually reasonable at $28 per hour and the safety and convenience of a professional driver are well worth it.Room furniture is nothing special. However, the beds are wonderful, the bathrooms well appointed and all rooms have flat screen TV's. Common areas quite nice. Only one restaurant but the Bar serves food as well. Courtyard is a beautiful and relaxing setting in a very busy city.Overall, enjoyed Mexico City and the hotel. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>French
<Content>Great hotel! We enjoyed very much our first stay at a Four Seasons hotel.Skilled staff, nice room, excellent breakfast, and their courtyard is an oasis of peace in the center of busy Mexico City!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cest243
<Content>Comfort , dependability , food poisoning and expensive transportation It has all the Four Seasons comfort and dependability but nothing to make it truly special in the Four Seasons style as in some other locations.What it did have was a case of food poisoning delivered by room service for me. Which was shrugged at by the concierge when I mentioned it. Perhaps he didn't understand my discomfort? It also had a close to $500 car service charge for a car service/tour guide and a drop off in another town. Definitely not worth it. A quote from a radio taxi company for the same was 1/3 the price. I should have done that and bought a couple guide books. Still, it was Four Seasons comfortable and dependable.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Lenny1
<Content>Watch out for the Extras I stayed at the Four Season Mexico City on a Wednesday in late Febuary. Overall the service was excellent and the lobby and courtyard areas are attractive. My room had two huge flat screen TVs and a view of Reforma but beyond that the furniture was nothing special for a hotel of this caliber.Also, while I expect to pay more for room service, internet access, and hotel cars in a more expense hotel like the Four Seasons, the prices seemed a bit excessive: $50 for a room service dinner of one beer, one bowl of soup, and a sandwich and $25 for wireless internet access.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gck0708
<Content>A Wonderful First Anniversary!       Our room on the fifth floor  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eaglehaslanded
<Content>A great hotel The Four Seasons in Mexico City, for all its problems, remains a fantastic hotel. Its value is greatly increased if you book during an off-peak period, when rates can be significantly lower.Service is unparalleled. As with many other Four Seasons properties, staff are trained to get to know you and fulfill your needs beyond your expectations. By and large this is the case, particularly if cost is not an issue. The concierge service, for example, can provide you with a car and driver any time, any day, any hour... if you are willing to pay $28 an hour ($33 if he is to provide explanations), rather than the $11 an hour charged by a regular taxi (which the concierge will be willing to get for you, no questions asked--although it's worth noting that you may get some very un-Four Seasons-like attitude from the bellboys for having the temerity to go the low-class ordinary taxi route).As for food, the news is mixed. The service at the Four Seasons bar is excellent if you go when there are few other patrons; it is, otherwise, severely understaffed, leading to frustrated guests. Room service is limited in its options; having tried different items from its menus over a period of five days, it is reasonably safe to say that the Italian menu items are mediocre at best. Though beautifully presented, they are nowhere near the level that you would expect from a hotel of this caliber. Morning coffee is often stale, evening coffee even worse. In fact, the only saving grace with respect to food in this hotel is a spectacular pastry chef, who serves chocolate croissants that are to die for.Why then, the five star review? It's pretty simple: this is likely the best hotel in the city. The service remains extraordinary: yes, room service may get your order wrong, and the quality may be poor. But bottom line is that they will try to fulfill any oddball request you might have--and indeed, by the time you leave, you feel as if you would expect to have your whims fulfilled by them. And the same is true of the concierge, drivers, waiters, and just about everyone else at the hotel (except the bellboy staff if you order a taxi).The rooms are cleaned and _organized_ not once, but twice, and possibly thrice a day. Housekeeping is possibly the best I have ever seen at any hotel I have ever stayed at.The staff of chauffeurs, too, is top notch, beginning (but likely not ending) with the excellent Edmundo.Finally, Mexico City is a huge city, loud, and ultimately draining for the average tourist. It's a cliche repeated by others who come to this hotel, but it really is an oasis in that city. When you're done with a morning and afternoon's events, having a late coffee in the hotel's courtyard (served by fantastic waiters like the hotel's Jes煤s) is genuinely soothing. And coming to your room is truly restful. You can't ask for too much more than that.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	2	4	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>migobeachnow
<Content>Great Weekend Rate The Four Seasons, Mexico DF is a very pleasant hotel. Having never stayed in a Four Seasons I don't know how it compares to others. The neighborhood is slightly edgy but didn't feel dangerous. The bed was super comfy. Loved the shower and bath. The staff was all very helpful and spoke good english. The concierge helped us make arrangements for food and transportation and were very gracious and patient. The clientele was very international with many from Great Britain and Germany as well as the US and all over latin america. The breakfasts were lovely in the courtyard which was lush and immaculately kept. The entrance and lobby are slightly underwhelming. Our room overlooking Burdeos Street was nice but the windows (which opened - a great feature) didn't block out all the noise of a Saturday night. We liked the Polanco and Colonia Condesa neighborhoods better, but the weekend price of 250usd for our huge, nicely appointed suite made this a great choice.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>excentrus
<Content>Absolutely fabulous !       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Incognito-one
<Content>Exceptional Hotel! I can't imagine anyone carping about this hotel. We just stayed four nights over Thanksgiving and the our experience was such that we didn't want to leave. The hotel lobby is beautiful in an understated way, the rooms are wonderful and immaculately clean. But the best thing about the hotel is the service. The staff is, to a person, very professional, pleaseantly courteous and helpful. The concierge staff went out of their way to find attractions, book them, and deliver the details to our room. I didn't care much for Mexico City, but I would highly recommend this hotel. We stopped by the Intercontinental (noisy and gaudy lobby), and the Sheraton (faceless business hotel), and we were doubly glad we chose the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mexico-Df-Resident
<Content>Great get away, even for Mexici Df residents We live in Mexico Df , and we decided to STAY at the hotel for a week-end. It was just Great... really felt like on holiday.Although it is a Four Seasons Hotel, we didn't feel intimidated, and our casual dress code was not an issue.The rooms, which apparently were refurbished 4 months ago, really feel great and with a large plasma TV screen  DVD player we felt spoiled.The restaurant selection is limited, but the breakfast and late lunch we consumed was good. The service in the hotel was probably the highlight ! Very unobstrusive, but always there when needed.We will definitely go back to Four Sesons for a quick get-away.The demonstrations that are currently lining Paseo de la Reforma, are maybe not a pretty sight, it didn't really disturb us - as from the inside of the hotel they are invisible and unnoticable.Great week-end we had... thats for sure.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kyverdicts
<Content>Summer vacation with the kids at Four Seasons DF This is my second stay at this hotel -- it was an impeccable presentation. Picked up by Juan Carlos at the airport -- my first room assignment was too small -switched to a one-bedroom suite that was just right. Traveling with my wife and toddler daughters.First day spent at the Zoo -- it is world class. Then we swam at the pool and had lunch. Next day, took the kids to Papalote -- the best children's museum I've visited. Then that night we had a babysitter and had dinner in Polanco at Agulia Y Sol. Very sophisticated. Very Mexican. Didn't see any Anglos, but a very sharp staff. Food presentation was excellent. Then for a drink at the Skye Bar -- one call from the concierge. It was very crowded and we were taken to a private table.I must also comment on hotel staff. The concierge is accommodating. I asked Julio for some campaign memorabilia (Lopez-Calderon). In ten minutes, he had a shirt, a hat and two bumper stickers. All gratis. They also arranged babysitting. In that regard, ask for Dulce, who besides working the switchboard, will watch your kids. When we returned from the market at San Angel (do this if you are in D.F. on Saturday), she'd set up all the children's toys and was operating a market. The kids were buying back their toys from Dulce with Mexican money. Very clever and they had fun.Drawbacks? There is not a lot in walking distance of the Four Seasons -- maybe Zona Rosa, but a bit seedy for anything beyond a drink. This is ameliorated as a car will take you anywhere from the hotel.End recommendation -- great hotel in a surprising location that is a tremendous vacation spot for children. {Who would think Mexico City? I did and the kids loved it.]  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Postcorner
<Content>Very nice indeed Great location near the Zona Rosa and the Park, it is some distance from the historical centre but still walkable.The staff are amazingly friendly and helpful and the room was spacious, clean and modern. We were in a superior room on the top floor overlooking the courtyard, which is enchanting and inviting. The Torre Major towers above and that too is just amazing.The bed was extremely comfortable, and the bathroom large.The only slight quibble with the room would be the bath, which was very deep but also short, so no stretching out for a long soak.Yep its pricey, not least the bar. We paid the same for two drinks and a snack as it cost us to hire a tour guide for the whole next day!The pool area was a little small but had great attention to detail and a nice big spa.Definately would go again - loved it.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jhjr
<Content>Excellent Choice Wonderful weekend stay at the Four Seasons. Hotel is well located on Reforma within walking distance of the Anthropological museum, Zona Rosa, and Polanco. Service is the strong point here - absolutely terrific all around and everyone speaks excellent English. Deluxe twin room was very large with 42 inch flat screen TV. Typically good Four Seasons bathroom with deep soaking tub, separate shower and toilet and one sink. Bottled water provided daily. Beds were extremely comfortable. There is nightly turndown service. Large windows open onto very attractive courtyard/garden that is lit at night. The restaurant and bar are in the courtyard - both were good but expensive and service was excellent. Pool is quite small and no view, but attendants are very helpful and juice/coffee are available from the health club, and room service can be ordered there too. Business center was pretty basic and a small charge based upon time and printing. Room service was the only weak point, but not enough to warrant a mark down. The hotel will provide drivers who are very knowledgeable - I do recommend hiring Mario for a city tour. However, they are expensive for trips. Round trip airport transfers were flawless and fast though, again, expensive. Everything does cost more at the Four Seasons, but if you get the nice weekend rate and are careful, you can enjoy the good life for a fraction of the normal cost.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KEFSEF
<Content>Good hotel bad location The hotel was great. We loved the rooms and the courtyard is very enchanting. We were disappointed in the service however. We sat down to lunch at did not get our food for almost an hour and a half. It was ridiculous and they made no apologies. Also, it is better to stay in Palanco. Much nicer location.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not What I Expect of a Four Season Just got back from a one night stay in the Mexico City Four Seasons. While the hotel is in great shape and the Oasis in Mexico City is still true, we had two very dissapointing things about our stay. First, when we got back from dancing at 2am there was no electricity in our room; hence no AC! It is summer in Mexico City now and it was hot! I realize that a hotel must do maintenance, but then adjust the bill for the inconvenience. The other dissapointment is that the room radio has no ability to plug in an MP3 player. I have stayed in cheap, non-luxury hotels that offer this capability and believe me, it is very useful especially for romantic getaways. This is the lack of attention to detail that one does not expect from a luxury hotel with the name Four Seasons. Hopefully the management will read this and take as constructive critique.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trvlchnl
<Content>Unimpressed - I'm glad we only stayed 1 night. This hotel is supposed to be the best in the City and quite frankly, you would expect that of a 4 Seasons.We were on a layover for 24 hours and decided while in Mex City, to stay at the best place. We asked for the R/T chauffered transfers and had heard that this is better for security reasons as well. The transfers were very good and the driver was very nice and we asked him to take us on a tour later in the evening. All very expensive but worth it.We were upgraded to a better room, but quite honestly, even though we were OK with the rate, the room was very large but unappealing. It is hard to explain, a lot of empty space that did not feel inviting. The a/c did not work well, the room was very humid although it was rather cool outside. The bed was very uncomfortable. The room was in need of a refurbishment.The bathroom was nicer, but it too was starting to show wear. Normally this would not bother us but when we went to use the tub, black particles, brown dirt and other things came out of the drain (not properly cleaned.....).As another poster stated, the doormen did not really look at us or assist us. This has never happened at a 4 seasons before.I would not return to this hotel because for the price we paid, you expect luxury, quality and service. None of which we found. It was on par with a Hyatt or Westin, but not a Four Seasons although it still might be the best choice in the city.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DrBob5
<Content>4 Seasons 5 Star Trip Wow after reading some of these reviews it is amazing that we are talking about the same property. Where to begin. The Concierge arranged for our ride in from the airport, restaurant reservations and a tour of the pyramids. All of these things went perfect and without any hitches. The Staff speaks perfect english and is couteous and friendly. Our rate came with a full breakfast buffet, great food, fruit etc. The hotel is kept immaculate the pool all be it a bit smaller than the picture suggests was great for a afternoon of R and R. The rooms are 5star quality marble bathrooms and flat screen T.V. 's. As for Mexico city, it was a truely international cultural experience, with fantastic art and architecture spaning the ages. The zocolo square and church of guadalupe are a must. I would reccomend that you should watch Frida before your trip, it is a good introduction into the history and art of the country. The people were not intimidating and very friendly when spoken to. The city is extremly safe with a constant police presence that is abundant without being threatening. As far as restaurants Aguila de Sol, Hacienda de los morales and Izote were great. Izote was our favorite but they are all worth every penny. We were only there for 5days and could have spent another 5 easily, so much to see and do can't wait to go back. Oh and noone got sick, Montazuma must be on vacation too.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>exmontrealer
<Content>A major disappointment Four Seasons has done a good job of convincing travelers we can expect the same level of service and luxury from properties anywhere in the world. The reality is significantly different; I've had superb experiences at some Four Seasons, but many more have been mediocre or worse. Mexico City's Four Seasons is one of the disappointments. Problems started at the front door. I've never received less than courteous treatment from Four Seasons door staff. More than once here, I was actually ignored by doormen as I entered - no one held the door or greeted me. That's not acceptable.Same at breakfast in the hotel's interior courtyard. At a high-priced property, you shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes for a waiter to acknowledge you, which happened two consecutive mornings. Finally, the hotel's physical plant is unimpressive. My room was spacious but drab; sheets had ink stains. The hotel's fitness room is cramped and dark; equipment needs updating. The tiny spa consists of a dry sauna and one shower.Four Seasons Mexico City feels like the before in a property that needs an extensive makeover. If you're going to spend this kind of money, I would strongly encourage you to explore other options - and there are many - in Mexico City. PS-I give it two dots only for the concierges, who were unfailingly courteous and friendly.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DrewV
<Content>Simply Marvelous The Four Seasons is not a character-filled mom-and-pop hotel. It is a multinational, business-focused urban hotel for the wealthy. Or, if you go on a weekend as my wife and I did, it is an oasis of comfort at remarkably affordable prices.The setting is gorgeous. The hotel is eight floors of vaguely Spanish colonial architecture wrapped around a lovely courtyard. Within the hotel, the sounds of Paseo de la Reforma melt away, leaving you with utter tranquility.The service is incomparable. The concierge was extremely helpful, beyond helpful, in helping us plan and execute our perfect Mexico City weekend. Their restaurant recommendations in particular were spot on.The only downside is that all of the services offered at the hotel are twice the going rate. Take the hotel's fleet of cars and pay twice what a sitio taxi will charge. Have the breakfast buffet and spend 200 pesos for a couple of croissants. But these are easily avoidable charges.For luxury and service, no place tops the Four Seasons. I can't wait to plan our next weekend getaway to this fascinating city.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Impressed I was really disappointed. I was looking forward to staying at this hotel so much because I've enjoyed staying at Four Seasons hotels in Europe. A fine hotel should NEVER exert high-pressure sales techniques on its guests. We felt this kind of pressure consistently throughout our stay. We do expect that what we purchase in the hotel will be more expensive than elsewhere in the city, but we do not want to be approached every five minutes by the server in the bar pushing yet another margarita. Luxury should mean that service is discreet and invisible, without the add-on mentality of a GAP store or used car emporium. This pressure was exerted at the front desk on check-in (to get internet in our room) and by the concierge to use the expensive car service. The dining room was mediocre. We would definitely stay somewhere else next time: perhaps at one of the boutique hotels where there is a more Mexican, and less corporate, atmosphere.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked the Four Seasons I liked the Four Seasons, although it seamed a little un-Mexican, to toresty (if thats a word). I would reccomend the Hotel Presidente Inter-Continental. It's more traditional and bigshots stay there.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We think we made the best choice I had read tripadvisor reviews-- just about all of them--for most hotels in Mexico City, and finally chose the Four Seasons. First I should say that to some extent travel guides don't do justice to Mexico City. It seems a much safer place than I ever expected. Walking the entire length of the tourist area, from the Park to the Zocolo, and portions of it several times (in daylight), My wife and I, both in our sixties, never once encountered anyone whose countenance was even remotely threatening. We also rode the subway extensively and with ease,(but be prepared for local colour). We found sitio cabs to and from the airport to be reliable. (But get a sitio car, not a van, from the airport. Arrival will still be more expensive by far than return.) The hotel itself, and we visited the lobbies and restaurants of others, does not have in its lobby the slightly funereal touches of others: dark marble, statues, fountains. It ambiance is certainly more northern european, despite the formal courtyard. Yes it is a slightly boring hotel, but who really wants an exciting one? It is not an old hotel at about 12 years. It is a well lit place, very quiet, with a very polite staff. Its kitchen is very good indeed, with everything one orders being somewhat subtle and just so, and delicious. And at the same price levels for comparable food at home. Beer is always a bargain. We took most of our meals there, in the bar restaurant. It seems that they will bring you anything from either of the two restaurants. You should see the desserts. Breakfast is an expensive meal in Mexico City, and that is one meal we ate elsewhere (at Sanborn's). But always a bit strange. Breakfast buffets are omnipresent here, and Mexican bread and rolls mediocre at best. The Four Seasons computer room costs $3.00 and includes a good coffee if you want one. We did not use the pool or exercise room, but they must surely have been on a par with the rest of the hotel. Staff is attentive, though not obtrusive. Rooms are very clean though not elaborate in their appointments (why should they be?) but give you everything you could want in a room that is frest and spacious. For the cost minded, rooms not facing the courtyard would be very sufficient. The location is I think, and again we walked everywhere, among the very best in the city. We were glad we did not stay near the Zocalo, which was just too busy and dusty a place, and that we did not stay in a lesser chain, as a short step down really changes the clientele and the ambience. What I mean is there were no soccer games going on in the wide hallways. Never used the much mentioned concierge service: seemed very expensive. Try the subway folks. At 20 cents American, you can't lose. Take a good guidebook too. The smallish one with lots of colour pictures, overview maps of tourist areas, and street guides is the best in my opinion.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best traditional luxury in Mexico City My 50 year old boyfriend and I decided to spend the New Year's weekend in Mexico City. Having stayed at the Marquis Reforma a few years back, we decided to try the Four Seasons. And we were NOT disappointed! We knew about the renovations, so we asked for a newly renovated luxury room. We were very pleasantly surprised. No it's not the St Regis in NYC, but it definitely is up to Four Seasons' standard. Marble bath, separate shower, nice furnishings, top notch bedding, and GREAT SERVICE. We gave the concierges a major headache already from the US, since we didn't want to participate in the standard New Year revelries. The hotel ordered some Russian caviar for us (a fortune and hard to get in Mexico) and set up a special table in the Library Bar instead. The bar is quite comfy and perfect for quiet drinks. Food at the hotel was EXCELLENT. Regis Lacombe, the French chef does a Mediterranean-inspired menu. The wine list is very good, although a broad-based French wine list is hard to find in Mexico overall. The spa was small but pleasant. We had two competent therapists who administered aromatherapy and Lomi Lomi massages in adjoining rooms. The much discussed taxi fares are nothing to quibble about for the average Four Seasons guest. Sure, it's cheaper to take the VW taxis outside, and we did it. But it was also nice to climb into a superclean, A/C vehicle with new springs. The fee is still cheaper than in say, LA or NYC. So I'll leave it at that. As for the excursions, the hotel booked a very knowledgeable guide for our daytrip to Teotihuacan. Not to be missed. All in all, the Four Seasons in Mexico City does a splendid job, from cuisine to cleaners and certainly the concierges. We'd be back sooner, if it weren't for the incredibly disgusting air pollution, for which the hotel can take absolutely no blame whatsoever.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scubagirl33
<Content>Wonderfull, beautifull, boring? Service, excellent; rooms, beautifull, staff, outstanding....but if you want to go out to have a nice dinner, you'll have to take a taxi to Polanco...where the nice restaurants and cafes are.My room and the hotel in general was wonderful, lots of space, nice night sleep, I would totally recommend this hotel for business, not so much for the young crowd who would like to go party at night...  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tzatzil
<Content>Noisy My family and I recently had an important event and we chose to stay at the Fouir Seasons in M茅xico City, I required bedrest and tranquility for 3 days -after a medical event - (the length of our stay). So, considering the high standards and rates I was completly sure I woud get the rest I needed. They gave us a notice that tha hotel was under renovation, but that it would not be a problem, it was. The day of sept 21st was terrible, there was drilling and hammering all monring and afternoon; I complained several times, and was allwys assured that the noise woud stop, the suggested I change rooms, but I coud not pack or move! The offered a massage which I accepted, and recieved while listening to the drilling and hammering. The service is good, the hotel is beautiful, but I would not stay there again, it's too expensive to have to tolerate construction work!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tengohambre
<Content>Outstanding hotel My family and I recently returned from a five day stay at the FS Mex City. We had a terrific time. The hotel is exceptional and Mexico City was great.We have stayed at a few Four Season's hotels and this one ranks with the best of them. Service is simply fantastic. The concierges, doormen, housekeeping, front desk; everyone truly seems interested in how you enjoy your stay. It shows. The concierges were patient, all spoke English (and I speak Spanish) and they had great suggestions. They could not have been better.We had a suite with a view towards the courtyard and it was huge. As others have noted, the hotel is an oasis of tranquility in the City. If there is one item I would note it is that the room seemed to be showing its age. Everything was in order and the room was spotless but, you had the feeling that an updating was due. And, of course, one has just begun. When we were there the hotel had recently begun a renovation of all the rooms, with none yet being finished. The hotel also has a very pretty smallish outdoor pool area, with a good health club. The lobby is elegeant and comfortable.The location is good, although there is not much to walk to immediately nearby save for Chapultepec Park, which is immense and very interesting. Chapultepec Castle is a very short walk and is fascinating and worth the trip. There is a Sanborn's on the same block as the hotel - a terrific thing in the event you forget something back home.We used the hotel service for a pickup at the airport and it worked smoothly. It is a bit pricy but, likely worth it in terms of hassle avoided. The hotel cars back to the airport are half the price charged for the pickup. Although the hotel has cars always available for touring and as a taxi service, we usually simply asked the doormen to call us a sitio cab, and one arrived within a couple of minutes. The price difference was substantial. We did likewise throughout the city - either asking a restaurant to call us a taxi or using a sitio station, which are readily available at all tourist destinations. We also took a tour to Teotihuacan through the hotel. It was well worth the time and effort; the pyramids were fascinating, as was the Church of the Virgin of Guadalupe. The Bazar Sabado in San Angel on Saturday's is also very worthwhile. Mexico City is immense and, even after a few days, we could have spent more time there.With respect to crime, we never once felt threatened, at all. We used common sense and visited mostly well traveled spots frequented by tourists and -- we had a terrific time. Mexico City is fascinating, the people were uniformly warm and welcoming (much more so than in some other cities we've visited), the food was great and, compared to Europe, the prices are substantially less expensive. In short, we loved the FS, plan to return and highly recommend the property.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>geoffery
<Content>Phenomenal We stayed at the Four Seasons in D.F. for our honeymoon. The service, rooms, staff, and food were flawless. What a beautiful room overlooking an immaculate courtyard. Each morning we would eat breakfast on the patio in the courtyard. This place is beyond compare.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bcad
<Content>4 seasons weekend We got a good weekend deal on the 4 Seasons. The staff were all bilingual and the service was great. The facilities were nice although not as nice as other 4 Seasons hotels. The pool is outdoors and small. The restaurant was overpriced for the quality of the food. The hotel taxis are expensive! I guess you are paying for the air conditioning and the English speaking driver. For comparison, the radio taxi to the hotel was $8.00. The hotel car back to the airport was $35. If you have a little bit of spanish, take the radio taxis. The location is very convenient to Chapultapec. We went to the zoo to see the pandas but in our opinion it was not worth it. The zoo on Saturday was extremely crowded. They do not allow purses or bags of any kind and so we had to check it outside the gate at the entrance. The exit we used was not near the entrance so there was a lot of walking to get our bags back. Also, I did not think there was anything in the Zona Rosa worth seeing. The Sabado Mercado was great.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Seasons?? I stayed four nights at the Hotel Four Seasons in Mexico City. Upon arrival the staff was very attentive and helpful and the check-in process went smoothly.Like all hotels the mini-bar and room service were overpriced. The restaurants in the hotel were lacking in quality of food and service. If dining inside the hotel I would recommend room service, at least it is convenient.The concierge was helpful, although there seemed to be some miscommunication about Chapultepec Park being open or closed. Laura was especially helpful in booking some tours, airport transportation, and a car for shopping.The hotel is located within walking distance of the zoo (avoid, malodorous cesspool), National Museum of Anthropology (worth 38 pesos for admission), and Chapultepec Park (which was mostly closed for cleanup, it looked like it needed it badly).I highly recommend using the car service from the hotel. Yes, it is a little more expensive, but it is well worth the extra money for the sense of safety. I used an authorized taxi only once, the taxi drivers drive with absolutely no regard for your safety.The health club was small; however, I used it twice daily and I was alone each time. Upon arrival a towel, bottled water, and headphones for the individual televisions at each piece of equipment were provided. It was difficult to hear my iPod over the loud intercom music; however, the staff did reduce the volume at my request each time I asked. The pool and surrounding area are small and the hotel's website picture exaggerates its size and attractiveness considerably. If you want a hotel with a nice pool, stay elsewhere as you will be seriously disappointed. The room was spacious, although the decor was not overly impressive. The reception on some of the cable channels was poor and no MSNBC (only Fox News and CNN). The maid service was very efficient and inconspicuous. The check-out process was satisfactory. The hotel employee seemed annoyed that I was reviewing the list of charges. I had charged nearly everything to my room: transportation, tours, meals, drinks, business center expenses, etc and wanted to ensure its accuracy as hotels are notorious for billing errors.I would recommend this hotel for business travel, but certainly not for a personal vacation (although Mexico City is a poor choice for a personal vacation). Overall, this hotel was moderately below the standards one would expect from a Four Seasons Hotel. It is very nice, but not up to Four Seasons' standards.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>larkoolaw
<Content>Excellent Service-watch for extra charges This hotel really does have exceptional service. From the moment we arrived until we left everyone was extremely friendly and helpful, prompt,informative and professional. The rooms are nice although they do need to get higher quality bedding/sheets. The bathrooms are really nice and products are great. The gym is really nice and the staff is very helpful. Only issues I have would be: cable tv -numeorus channels did not work the whole time I was there. The hotel car service is too pricey. We asked for a taxi and got a nice a/c car. Used it twice but the next day decided to hail a cab-glad I did- the same ride the night before one way cost me 19$ with the hotel car and with the taxi cost me 4 dollars! Yes, you have to be careful but really I felt fine with the taxis and except for one guy who tried to charge 4$ extra all the taxis drivers were very nice and safe. The hotel restaurants are expensive but it is a Four Seasons and also it is really nice in the courtyard. The concierge is helpful and good for restaurant recommendations. Had an amazing meal at Aguila y Sol.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel doesn't deserve Four Seasons name. This hotel isn't terrible, and maybe the last Four Seasons I stayed at (in Bangkok) spoiled me, but I found this hotel more like a typical Hilton or Marriot. The rooms were big, but bland. The bedspread was like those in a motel, scratchy and synthetic feeling. Hotel provided transportation is over-priced, and some of the staff came across a bit snooty. Because of the courtyard layout, ask for a room close to the elevator if you don't like a long walk. The pool is smallish and not too deep. As a tourist, I wish I would have tried the new Sheraton, the Camino Real or the boutique hotel La Casona.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice great hotel - would certainly stay here everytime I go to DF. elegant, and clean. staff very helpful and gracious. the food - well.......there's nothing there to talk about. very bland. i agree with some of the previous comments. they need a new chef to liven things up in that department.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stampie
<Content>Wonderful service, beautiful property My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful stay. The lobby and courtyard are gorgeous, the suite spacious and understated. We learned a lot on the Sunday tour to Teotihuacan, and therefore highly recommend the hotel-sponsored excursions. The food was quite good, but not spectacular; ideally the spa could use a remodel, but is a nice respite nonetheless. Although certainly not the most luxurious of Four Seasons, the very attentive, polite staff and the extremely helpful concierge made the stay exceptional. FYI: the hotel's taxis are certainly more comfortable than the city's official taxis, but we enjoyed shocking the staff and using the local (official - not green) taxis and did so without any trouble (and they're much less expensive).  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service and great location! Fabulous hotel! This visit was the first time we've stayed in a Four Seasons property, and it was everything we thought it would be. The concierge service was unfailingly polite and helpful at every turn. We had no complaints about breakfast, whether we at in the restaurant proper or in the buffet area (which turns into El Bar at night). Our room was more than large enough, with the bathroom being larger than average. No complaints about the room, although the minibar was surprisingly (and laughably) overpriced. Spa service was good, but the weather was too cool to use the rooftop pool. The hotel arranged for a guide when needed, and we took advantage of the hotel-sponsored tours on the weekend. The drivers we used to travel to restaurants and the Palacio de Bellas Artes were polite and always prompt. The neighborhood was convenient. We walked to the Anthropological Museum and to the Zocalo without any problems.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremly Elegant Four Season in the DF is an extremely nice hotel. The service makes the place - concierge staff, especially is quite extraordinary. Make sure you work with Mario Torreblanco - he is best concierge of a the lot.The hotel itself is very understated, though elegant. Rooms were suprisingly bare-ish, with ample wall space that could have used some art. Of the two rooms we had, the superior (though larger) was actually more sparsely furnished. The superior bathroom was fantastic - huge and with great L'Occitaine toiletries.Pool and fitness center are outstanding. The pool isn't Olympic size, but it doesn't need to be. There are very few people at this hotel on the weekends. The only disappointing aspect of our stay was the food at dinner in the main restaurant - it was pretty poorly executed. As others have noted, breakfast is great, as are drinks/apps in El Bar. But every dish at dinner was weak - from scallops that didn't taste to fish with a too heavy saffron sauce to a wine list that is ridiculously expensive (even by fancy US restaurant standards). All in all - great place to stay - and since all rooms look into the courtyard (which is beautiful) you're gauranteed a great view.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Haven of Luxury and Tranquility This is the best hotel in Mexico City. It is located close to major attractions and is a great haven from the hustle and bustle of the city. the service is amazing, rooms elegant and comfortable. Opt for a room with a view of the courtyard. you won't be dissapointed.JA  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb! We had 5 nights at this superb hotel. Were upgraded to a suite free of charge. Cookies and hot chocolate for the kids at night. Amazing buffet breakfasts outside in the courtyard. Great spa and pool on the roof.Get the concierge to organise a personal driver to show you the sites of the city - it's safe and relatively inexpensive.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great We were in Mexico City from March 18th to March 23rd. We really enjoyed our stay at the Four Seasons. It wasn't too busy and we were able to get a room for about 150$US a night. The service was excellent. We loved to spend our evenings in the courtyard, having supper. The location is good also. It takes about 10 minutes to walk to Zona Rosa, about the same for Condessa. Polanco is not too far neither. There's a subway station a few blocks from the hotel. We would go back to this hotel anytime! Marko.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Daoda2
<Content>The best   showReview(3168559, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding as always!   showReview(3009018, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beasttraveler
<Content>oasis in the city   showReview(2971792, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gallesram
<Content>One of the finest hotels in the world   showReview(2519212, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mexico City perfection   showReview(2451198, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A glimpse of paradise   showReview(1786529, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful service, beautiful hotel   showReview(1725447, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Fabulous Four Seasons, Mexico City   showReview(610235, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dissapointing service   showReview(473689, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>outstanding service   showReview(399442, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vinavina
<Content>琛椼伄鍠у櫔銇嬨倝闆倢銇?#x201d;   showReview(19898813, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>charal95
<Content>Hermoso para un A帽o Nuevo   showReview(12277580, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

