<Author>castlegirl
<Content>Hotel Tomo is Quirky, Clean, Fun!       window view  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>exploradores
<Content>Little Gem We are travelers who like good deals, and never stay in fancy five-star hotels. We found this hotel to be well-priced, clean, quiet, and located in a very safe neighbourhood. The rooms had a funky decor which added to the experience. The beds were very comfortable. We did not rent a car, so we took the city's fabulous transit system, which by the way, there is a bus stop right outside the door to the hotel. Our favorite place to hang out was the North Beach area, and it was only a 20 minute bus ride!! The hotel is also located steps away from the Pacific Heights district, which is a beautiful area of the city with great shopping, restaurants, etc. We love San Fran, and would definitely stay at Hotel Tomo again!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crash014
<Content>Good central location in the middle of Japan Town Stayed at the Hotel Tomo after comparing the price with the Hotel Kabuki just a few blocks away, the Holiday rate they were offering was good.Located at the entrance of the Japan Town shopping area and surrounded by a neighborhood that is well-kept, this area was very safe compared to when I stayed in Union Square, Market Street, North Beach previously. The room was nice with a good king-sized bed. Opt for the 8th floor room (top) if you can since you will have a great view of the city and unobstructed scene as well.Front desk was accomodating for directions around town and a quick check in and out as well. Parking was $20 which is average for the area. Wifi connection was wonky for me and the Best Western tech support line was not helpful, got to piggy back on another non-hotel wifi though. Comes with small room fridge.As noted in other reports, the t.v. remote control was not easy to use and sometimes missing buttons. Transferred from a different room when the smoke detector started beeping due to low battery and no technician was around.Good location, good service.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>janneman10
<Content>liked it had a room on the sixth floor with a nice few over the citythe room was clean,very large with good beds, we payed about 70 euro for a night, for us a good deal considering the place the people were very friendly and the hotel is pleasantly situated in japan town breakfast is so so and a little to much expencivebusstop to pier 39 is just in front of the hotel and costs you 2 dollar, also there are a lot of restaurants nearbywe had a good time in Tomo hotel, thank you again  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CassianoLuminati
<Content>Very good hotel Stayed 7 days in a King Deluxe Room, first floor. Very clean. Big room. Free WIFI. Hotel is in a good location in a safe and quite area of the city, just at the entrance of the Japan Center. Close to many restaurants and shops. MUNI Bus station to city center just in front of the hotel. Excellent value.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lianelau
<Content>Liked the decor of the room. I liked the anime wall prints that decorated the room. It added a nice touch. Also, liked the colorful yellow linens and the window seat. The art on the wall was also different and nice. I didn't like the bathroom. It was dark and looked like it needed to be remodeled. Also the TV remote didn't really work. The hotel looks like it's in the process of reinovating and will get better in a few years. It was a good place to stay that was affordable for a one night in SF.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>TravelingMom02
<Content>Great location, family friendly We made reservations at the Hotel Tomo before discovering it had received good reviews in an article in Sunset Magazine months before. The Japantown location was central to our travels. The surrounding neighborhood is very residential, and we were able to easily park for free in the neighborhood each night. The hotel does offer parking for a fee, but it was not necessary. We usually were able to find a spot within a block or two of the hotel. The rooms are very comfortable and a good size for 2 adults and 2 children. The restaurant was loud (it is very popular). The first night we stayed in a room on the ground level which was noisy from the street and the restaurant. We requested a quieter room for the next 2 nights and the front desk staff was very accommodating. The room we stayed in on a higher floor was quite quiet. We thought the room rates were reasonable, especially for San Francisco.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>atljs
<Content>Loved Hotel Tomo! I stayed at Hotel Tomo in Sept 2008. I'm a graphic designer and I really appreciate moderately priced hotels with style. When I came across articles about Hotel Tomo on some design-related websites, I was very interested. After doing more research and learning its location in Japantown, I knew I'd love it.When I travel I don't like to stay in touristy areas (so boring and monotonous), but at the same time I want easy access to wherever I want to go. Tomo didn't disappoint. There are plenty of MUNI bus stops just steps from the hotel. Cabs are pretty easy to come by as well (or the front desk can call one for you).With its location, you're also just 2 blocks from Fillmore St., where there are some great shops and restaurants. I also loved Kinokuniya Bookstore across the street from the hotel, in the little mall.My room with a king sized bed was really cool (loved the mural, the furniture, and the wood grain carpet!), but more importantly it was very clean. The only minor thing, which I knew ahead of time from reading TripAdvisor reviews, is that there's a daycare or something with kids right by the hotel. I was on the 4th floor and could hear the kids playing outside. But it wasn't enough to annoy me or make me not want to stay there again.Overall I thought Hotel Tomo was a great value for San Francisco. It's in a great, but not touristy location. You're just a short walk to many restaurants and shops. I'd stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>malissophobia
<Content>Pleasant times in Tomo I stayed at the Hotel Tomo back in the last week of June. It was a really nice place. The front desk people were very helpful. They told us about getting around on the bus and called a cab for us one night when we were going out late and the buses had stopped running for the night. The bus stop is right across the street! It was super convienant. The rooms were nice. We had two queen beds, and they were nice and stiff. Very comfortable. I slept really well. Since there were three of us staying in there, I was going to get extra pillows, however, when I opened the bottom dresser drawer, there was a pillow waiting in there and in the 2nd drawer a feather comforter. :)The Do Not Disturb signs were really cute. They did call and ask when we left it up for more than a day if we were sleeping or wanted our room cleaned. Oops. hahaI loved the giant bean bag thing. I think it was called a Fat Boy. That was nice. The window seat was really lovely. It was totally hard, but nice. We would set up the table by it since the table only has 2 chairs and play cards there at night. They had wireless which was really nice to be able to use the laptop. However, if you don't have a laptop, they do have computers in the lobby you can use.The restuarant was alright. We had breakfast there one morning. I got pancakes. They were ok. The service was very prompt though and friendly.Parking. The ramp, we could use one of the two nights we had a car. It was cool, I'm just glad we had a compact car though! The second night, we parked across the street at the mall ramp. That worked out well. It was only like $15 for overnight, and the spaces weren't so cramped.Japantown seemed very safe and was pretty convienant. I liked it. For the price, you really can't beat hotel tomo. It's simple, clean and fun. The staff is extremely helpful and knowledgable.The front desk booked shuttles for us to get back to the airport. All three of us had different flights. They let us split the room three ways and pay at all different times the day we checked out. It was very cool of them to let us do that so we didn't have to worry about that.As I said, I loved the hotel. The staff was great, our room was clean. The bathroom was nice. They had in inroom safe. It was very cool. I loved the lamps, the curtains, the sheets. Fun times!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michaelmelton1
<Content>Perfect For Shows At The Fillmore!!! My wife and I went to see Bloc Party at the Fillmore, and chose this hotel due to its proximity to the venue. Once we checked in, we fell in love. It has a Modern Hostel feel to it...sort of felt like we were europe...or japan. The hotel is located directly in the middle of Japan Town, and there are tons of great noodle restaurants within a stones throw. Not to mention all the Japanese and Korean markets. All-in-all, this was the perfect hotel for our tastes, and any show at the Fillmore.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Lit-traveler
<Content>Fun, oddball decor and great location Though we live in the vicinity, we stayed at the Tomo for two nights during a family event in San Francisco. The western part of the city, away from downtown but close to where much of the population lives, has very few hotels, so the Tomo and its more upscale Japantown sibling, the Kabuki, are excellent choices if you don't want quite as much hubbub and are visiting friends or family. The Tomo occupies a dull 1960s building, but it was cleverly renovated in 2006 and given a new anime/manga-inspired decor--loads of fun, with Japanese-style cartoon murals in each room (kids should love it). Beds are outstandingly comfortable and have very fresh linens; rooms and bathrooms are smallish but not as microscopic as many in downtown boutique hotels. Furnishings are mostly light-colored and cheery, there are brand-new flat screen TVs, and beanbag chairs add another whimsical touch. Though the building shows flashes of its age--air conditioning in our room was cranky and some of the bathroom tiles are original-- the sprucing-up is effective (carpets could use some attention). The Tomo isn't run as a luxury hostelry but is a good value, and its Japantown location is interesting; you can also get downtown or to Ocean Beach by bus in about 15 minutes. Parking tip: the hotel's small garage fills up early and costs guests $20 overnight, but this residential neighborhood has some parking spaces where you may be able to leave your car overnight and on Sundays for free (read street signs carefully!).  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Quintana88
<Content>Great value  Great value and lots of fun.I stayed there for a long weekend with infant son and my mother and would highly recommend the hotel.Pluses:*Excellent value: very comfortable, clean, and thoughtfully appointed rooms all for a reasonable price*Great staff: Staff were very friendly and helpful - e.g., with bags, advice on getting around, parking, etc.*Fun vibe: Love the Japanime/Manga theme decor! Adds an energy to the place - unusual as most hotels in this price range are the same drab fluorescent-lit boxes*Easy location: Japantown is cute to walk around in  it is an easy bus or taxi into Union Square. A plus that in Japantown you don't have to deal with the madness of the crowds in Union SquareMinuses:*This is not a luxury hotel/treat hotel - but it doesn't pretend to beI'd definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JoeyLondon
<Content>A quirky makeover You get the feeling that the Hotel Tomo has been on the end of a extreme makeover. Someone has rushed in there one morning and decided to turn it Japanese by sticking up murals in each room, replacing dated furniture with trendy minimalism and putting Japanese soap in the bathrooms. It is mostly cosmetic, and underneath it is simply a Best Western, but there鈥檚 enough quirky coolness to make for an interesting stay. The rooms are extremely comfy and there are some nice extras like the docking station for an iPod. The sports channels on our TV were faulty and front desk failed to fix it (probably to the relief of my girlfriend) but they were exceptionally friendly so we鈥檒l let them off.Location wise, it鈥檚 close to a number of bus routes so you can get to different areas like Castro or Downtown with ease. And, it should go without saying, but it鈥檚 the perfect place to stay if you want to eat lots and lots of great Japanese food. Especially at the bakery across the road.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Spikeandjezebel
<Content>Very cute hotel with extremely friendly staff       Just the mural  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jetsetbb
<Content>Great Stay at Hotel Tomo I just got back from a short stay at Hotel Tomo. This hotel is soooo cool! The decor is amazing. Rooms are very clean and decent size. We had a small balcony with a view of the neighborhood. It is located in Japantown. It is not walking distance to the main attractions, but you can take a cab for about $6-7 into union square. Or you can take a bus. I usually always stay in Union Square when visiting San Francisco, but I really enjoyed staying in a different location. It's very quiet and safe to walk around even late at night.There are tons of great restaurants around the hotel. The Hotel even has a cool shabu-shabu restaurant. However I did not get a chance to eat there.The staff is very friendly and helpful. It is a great deal too. Much less than all the other hotels in touristy areas of San Francisco. I will totally stay here again!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveldaydream
<Content>Loved the Tomo!!!!! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Tomo after staying one night at the Comfort Inn on Van Ness. After that nastyness of a hotel, we were very pleased when we switched to the Hotel Tomo. Not only was it very close to the University of the Pacific, where my husband was going to be taking his dental licensure exam, but across the street from Japantown and the various transportation to downtown. This hotel is away from the hustle and bustle from the more toursity areas, so you are able to feel more like the locals - which is what my DH and I love. We love to see where the locals hang out, eat, walk around...that way you get more of the genuine city. But if you want to see more touristy areas, the bus stop is literally across the street and will take you there in no time.The decor is funky, Japanese pop, which is awesome and unique. The only complaint I have is the bed platform is a wooden square and it is easy to bang your leg against it when you're not careful. Otherwise, the bed is comfy, and the rooms are very clean.Would I recommend this hotel: ABSO-FREAKIN-LUTELY!!! We loved our 1-week stay here. Not to mention, it was pretty inexpensive: around $140/night.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Hakske
<Content>Hotel Tomo, a pleasure to stay at!       Me doing some Kung Fu with a badrobe from Hotel Tomo  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seedeebee
<Content>Excellent Location, great staff. We took our son and his girlfriend to San Francisco for their graduation trip. They are both Anime fans so we chose this hotel for the theme. The room was comfortable for the four of us for five days. The location was the best! Not only was it right in Japan Town and only a block from Japan Center, it is on a major muni route. We parked the car and didn't worry about it until we left. We were less than 30 minutes from everything we wanted to see, the Haight, Union Square, Pier 39 and many museums. The staff was helpful and cordial the whole time. There is limited parking at the hotel but they use the Japan Center lot as overflow and were very helpful with loading and unloading. The view was terrific and the rooms clean and well kept. We will stay there whenever we go to the City in the future.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dolphinface
<Content>Best Tomo!! We booked through Orbitz and used Orbitz's summer 10% coupon code. The only hotel with two Queen beds within our price range, and surprisingly, there were no other hidden charges upon checking in. The receptionist was a little stingy about giving out four bus maps. However, the room was very clean and very roomy. There is a huge bean bag chair and also a bench by the window. We stayed on 2nd floor but not noisy at all. The room decor is very modern and to our likings. Room has extra blankets which came in handy on cold SF nights while we were there. Close to Bus # 2, 3, 4, 22 and I believe 32 which can take you to union square, golden gate bride and alamo square park. We bought a 3 days muni pass for $ 18 at union sq and used it to take buses, cable car and street car all three days. Japanese food and Japan center was really good at very decent price compare to NY's.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GregS76
<Content>Tomo not that bad! we stayed at the Tomo for two nights last Sept. while in town for some concerts at the Fillmore. I thought the hotel was fine, and we didn't have any problems with noise as some of the other reviews have stated, so either we got lucky, or we are heavy sleepers which is definitely not the case. The hotel itself is okay, it was recently redone so everything was very new looking, and the decor is exactly what you would expect from this type of place. If you are staying a j-pop themed hotel, don't expect antiquity or that nothing will look like plastic. I thought that the rooms were very spacious, and the bed was a good size and comfortable. The location is just okay, but we chose this specific hotel in mind as it is within easy walking distance to the Fillmore. There's obviously plenty of great Japanese restaurants around here too.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>surfpange1
<Content>Wonderful modern hotel in a great location! We had a wonderful stay at this charming, modern Japanese kitchy hotel in the middle of Japantown and two blocks from the Fillmore Shopping area. We had a room on the 7th floor with a pleasant view of Japantown.The rooms were clean, modern, and had Frette sheets and bathrobes, soap and shower stuff from a small soap store in Pasadena, CA and a flat screen TV and Artemide lights.A very good Thai restaurant is across the street (Jitlade...order their specials!) and the Kabuki movie theatre is a few blocks away with an adults only balcony/bar where you can bring your cocktails into the theatre. Yoshi's restaurant is within a few blocks as is a new hot cafe, SPQR, on Fillmore.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and the manager even called me several times to ensure that my bill was correct after I called to inquire about it. We intend to stay here again (or else at the W if we feel like spending twice as much.)  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Family_from_NJ
<Content>Great location if you like Japantown The room has IKEA like furniture, simple, modern and serve its purpose. The bean bag chair is not as comfortable as it looks. It has a ipod docking alarm clock which my daughter likes and a LCD TV.It is located right in the Japantown, so it is very convenient if you like Japanese food at reasonable price. Japan Center has other stores too. It is a fun experience to browse and walk around.When we came back late one night, the hotel parking was full so I had to park at the Japan Center. With the receipt, the hotel waive the over night parking fee. It is a very short walk and I find it safe walking at night.There is a Japanese cafe right across the street from the hotel. We had the breakfast there. Many locals stop there so you get a local feel. The bakery makes mochi (rice cake) there. It is delicious so we bought a box to go. The bakery has been in busuiness for many years.The price is reasonable. It is clean and convenient. Overall, we like the hotel and will definitely stay again.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DianeDee
<Content>Loved the Tomo Right in the heart of Japan Town a wonderful but little known part of San Francisco is the Best Western Tomo! Our stay was fantastic. Every person we dealt with at the hotel couldn't have been nicer, our room was immaculate and simple. A perfect combination of Japanese and Western design, very comfortable and pleasant. The greatest was the parking. The hotel charges a modest $20.00 per night parking fee, a bargain in San Francisco. If their small parking lot is full as it was one night they send you to the public parking lot aroung the corner and reminburse the parking fee. They have a small restaurant in the hotel, we only had breakfast there but it was very good. The Tomo is now our go to place when visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thebee
<Content>A nice stay! Great little hotel tucked in the heart of SF. My daughter and I stayed there to attend a memorial for an uncle. Auntie lived near by and this seemed convenient. My daughter LOVED the manga art and design. The price was excellent, the food in the restaurant was GREAT. Clean, neat and well done....I am liking Bestwestern more and more. In the heart of Japan Town...safe and clean and fun.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>denmarkd
<Content>Great Experience At Hotel Tomo This was my first time in SF and I'm very happy we stayed here. The prices were as great as the service. Location was great, right inside Japantown with a bustop in front headed to downtown(really made our 3day passes worth it). It's also not too far from the California St. Cablecar. Check-in was quick and easy and went straight to the room. Rooms were everything we hoped for and more. We were on the third floor and both rooms were clean, cozy, and had nice views of Japantown. Never had a problem with the complimentary internet(had two macs with us) which was great. Doors closed a little hard but no big deal.Even a few friends from SF came to visit were impressed enough to decide to recommend it and also plan to stay themselves in the future.Service was great all around, we left a jacket there that somehow got stuck under the mattress/bed and they flipped the room upside down to find it. Dara and Gill were extremely quick and helpful in contacting me. Thanks guys!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Emma853536
<Content>Great Stay       Japanese wall memorial  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AfroTravels
<Content>Not what I expected I arrived after a long flight from the east coast to be told that my credit card was declined. Plus, the gentleman at the front desk had the audacity to imply that perhaps the cost of my 5 night stay was above what was available on my credit card. Asinine! The gentleman then discouraged me from using my debit card suggesting that I may not stay the entire time and how difficult it would be to credit back my debit card/checking account. Needless to say it seemed as though I was not welcomed at this hotel.Nonetheless, my daughter and I were tired and hungry so, after almost an hour of nonsense (me standing in their lobby using my cell and laptop to contact my bank) I confirmed my card worked by successfully making a purchase at the convenient store across the street. Upon my return, with my receipt in hand, another gentleman at the front desk proceeds to swipe my card on a terminal just 4 feet from the terminal the other gentleman was using and of course it was successful. Why did it take an hour and a purchase at a nearby store for someone to try the credit card terminal a couple feet away? And... why didn't either gentleman offer me the use of their computers at the far end of the lobby (which I didn't notice until the morning of my departure)?The two gentlemen offered no apology for the 60 minutes of frustration, rudeness and insensitivity. To top it off... I was put in a room on the 2nd floor which faced a center court that housed their party room. And yes, there was a party going on that evening until around 9p.On a positive note... the decor was nice.As another guest stated the doors slam loudly whenever a guest leaves their room and we certainly heard doors slamming constantly in the evenings until least 10p.On the final evening of our stay we were forced out of our room due to an overwhelming smell of cigarette smoking (in this non-smoking building). Apparently a guest thought it would be ok to prop open the emergency exit door (right out side my room door) while he repeatedly went out for a smoke allowing his smoke fill the halls and rooms of the 2nd floor. After 2 hours of the increasingly intense smell of smoke I requested another room, since my daughter is asthmatic. So... on our final evening under unfortunate conditions we were put in a room on the 7th floor (of the 8 floor bldg) with an actual balcony and better view which overlooked the city.[I contacted Best Western to report how rudely I was treated upon arrival. The hotel manager contacted me and instead of voluntarily offering some sort of gesture to recompense for their poor service she asked that I tell her what I wanted. Ultimately, I received a trivial discount, which hardly gave me the desire to return to their hotel.]Again, the contemporary decor was nice. Also, the hotel was clean and the neighborhood was quiet and serene.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UBTrippin
<Content>Noisy A bit noisy here at this hotel. My wife and I stayed for 3 nights during spring break. We were on 3rd floor. At night in bed I kept hearing a sound that sounded like a coffee maker brewing away in the distance. Very strange. All the room doors slam hard and loud. The maids were quite loud with their voices in the early a.m. when this was my time to sleep in!! More negatives: We had a coffee maker but you only get instant coffee. Not good. Flat screen TV was nice but some channels were blurry. The shabu shabu restaurant (Mums I think it's called?) had a raunchy smell about it, so we elected not to dine there. The lighting. The bathroom light was very dim and sometimes it wouldn't work. It also needs a heated light for the showers. You can use the safe box for free, but after one day the code froze on me. They had to reset it the next morning (waking me up in the early a.m. since the maintenance guy had this task first thing!) The elevators were convenient but squeaky with the doors. Our room had the popcorn ceilings so you know it was build in the 70's or 80's. Weird artwork on the walls.Ok, to the positives! I liked the Ikea style props. It had that Japanese/European vibe. Exellent location! I can't stress that enough. Close walk to Fillmore St, Japantown, shops, restaurants, to California St to hop on the cable car (a good 6-7 blocks but it was short), good rates for an expensive city like SF. Front desk were cordial. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Cool bay windows. Despite the older hotel, the rate and location was excellent. These minor negatives can definitely be turned into positives. I recommend this hotel if you're on a budget and you want a great location.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>squinnReno
<Content>Hotel Tomo Just Alright My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Tomo in early March. It was my husband's first time in San Francisco and I hadn't been since I was 10. We were very excited about our spring break getaway. I booked the hotel online through the joy of life hotels. I got a great package for $109 a night including breakfast for two. When we arrived at the hotel, the person at the front desk said they didn't honor the breakfast for two. This irked me right off, but I let it slide because I was excited about the trip. To break it down, here are the pros and cons of the Hotel Tomo:Pros:Great location. Right next to Japan Center and Fillmore Street. Lots of shopping and great restaurants. Reasonably priced.CleanPretty spacious.Elevators were quick.Cons:The bathroom. Period. The light in the bathroom was buzzing and zapping and didn't always come on. The walls in the bathroom were dark grey. Sometimes I felt like I was in a horror movie. The hot and cold were opposite of what they were labeled. The water would turn frigid or scalding hot without me touching a thing (be careful if you have little ones taking a shower without assistance!!). The toilet had such low flow I was always worried it wouldn't flush. The maids were extraordinarily loud in the morning. We were by the utility closet so I got to hear them barking orders and yelling at each other at 7 a.m. The restaurant smelled like a middle school cafeteria. There was no way I wanted to eat there. The pictures on the web were very deceiving. The website boasts in room coffee, I was sad to see it was instant. Gross. On the positive side they did offer green tea. Nice touch... The ice machine didn't work on our floor. The elevator said to go to the 4th floor for additional vending machines. I saw one and it had 70% of the items sold out.In conclusion, if you are on a budget and like Japantown you may want to stay here. If you like something a little more upscale and want more nightlife, this is not the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lilovedoor
<Content>good experience in TOMO       The room wiht nice sight  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Macaw01
<Content>a little grim Hotel Tomo is in a great location, if you want to thoroughly shop Japantown (my kids love Japantown). The hotel boasts a Japanese pop culture theme, but apparently Japanese pop culture is a little grim. The hotel's theme is bluegrey with the occasional bright yellow, enhanced by dim fluorescent lighting. The drawings on the walls are of faceless people being watched by storm troopers with dogs, plus the occasional weeping spirit girl. I'm sure this has appeal, but not especially to kids.I've spent a lot of time in Japan, and this hotel would really benefit from a little bona fide Japanese sense of pride. I asked the maids to remove the drippy handprints from the windows (the maids were very nice), but there was nothing I could do about the soapy, greasy, really exceptionally dirty flatware in the restaurant. The dishwasher was obviously broken but in use anyway. There were no apologies from the waiter. Because there was a storm that night, my kids rented a hotel movie. The quality was terrible- the picture jumped all around, and flashed between black and white and color. Again, the staff at the desk couldn't care less. On the plus side, the japanese breakfast in the restaurant was really quite good. However, if you want to get a Shabu dinner, I'd skip this place (which has a broken down Lyon's kind of feel, at least in the mornings)- I recommend Shabu-Sen, just a block away. The service, ambiance, and food are all terrific, and kids love cooking their own food. My girls and I also really enjoyed the Hawaiian restaurant (Honu) a block away from the hotel. They had a live band, great fries, a friendly ohana feeling, and plenty of Hawaiian beers on tap.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>saz038
<Content>Gem of a hotel We have just returned from a 4 week family holiday to the US with the hotel Tomo as the first hotel we stayed in in the US. Subsequently, having stayed in many hotels during our holiday this hotel was one of the best and difficult to fault. The room was clean and the decor bright and cheerful. The bathrooms were interestingly set out but clean and the beds were comfortable. The reception staff were pleasent enough and always happy to assist us with our enquiries. My only gripe would be the small size of the rooms but as we were only in our rooms to sleep this was not a problem. The location ot hotel Tomo suited us. Although it wasnt in the city or touristy fishermans wharf, the bus ran past the hotel making trips these places easy. Japantown was just lovely with its quaint malls and shops. I would definately recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>prunelalala
<Content>Arigato Hotel Tomo This hotel has quirky Japanese pop art/manga decor, including full colorful wall murals and a Japanese style vending machine in the lobby. It was quiet and pristine. If the room had a thermostat I couldn't locate it, and was therefore a little cool for the evening, but fine once under the covers. I found the bed a bit uncomfortably hard, but not so much so that I didn't get a good night's sleep. The location was lovely, in Japantown, and the room on the 4th floor had a nice view; the hotel being close to the crest of Cathedral Hill. The front desk staff was friendly and extremely helpful when I needed to get a last minute shuttle to the airport.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jules1070
<Content>Great place especially for the price       View from our balcony  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>saberman
<Content>Below parr, cheaply furnished to be adequate for Japanese adolescents       Lobby furnishings  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>HopSkipJump
<Content>Not that great I would have to agree with the previous poster regarding the service. I'm not a person who requires hotel employees to go out of their way to be friendly but no one at the front desk ever greeted me or showed any interest in me, whatsoever. They behaved so strangely, for example, when I checked in, I gave my name and the employee pulled out a piece of printed paper waved it at me as if to show me the print (which I couldn't see) and said my name aloud as if to say to me: Here, I found your paperwork!. When I checked out, the clerk assumed that the woman standing next to me was with me (she wasn't -- ok, he couldn't have known that) but after getting both our room numbers, he printed my paperwork and then turned to her to give her her paperwork. By that point, he was ignoring me. The other clerk, stood behind him watching their interaction and I had to gently flag down that person to hand my bag over to him. None of this was terrible, of course, but I've stayed at lots of JDV hotels, and the service is always top notch. I'm guessing that this hotel is not owned by JDV but is simply sold by them.I hope when the management responds to this posting that the manager discloses the hotel's relationship to JDV.On another matter, I found the room very noisy. I stayed near the elevator (and although there was a utility room between my room and the elevator), I could hear the elevator opening and closing all night (and into the early morning hours). I am not a light sleeper but I would have to say that the other guests that returned to their rooms saw no problem with talking loudly and laughing loudly as they tromped down the halls to their rooms. In addition, the doors to the rooms are on heavy springs so after being serenaded by other guests in the hallway, I got used to the loud slamming of their doors when they entered. There are also a lot of noises in the room. There is some sort of ventilation system in bathroom that you cannot control that makes a lot of noise. (I closed the door to the bathroom to lessen it). In addition, there was a refrigerator (which was empty), which turned on only once and scared the living daylights out of me. I quickly got up and turned it off.Lastly, both my friend (who stayed on the top floor near the rear of the hotel) and myself had trouble regulating the temperature in the room. The first thing you have to be aware of is that the switch marked air conditioning is both the A/C and the heat. So, if the room is cold, turn on the A/C and then set the thermostat to the temperature you want and the heat will come on. Even with the A/C turned off, one night, the room was on the warm side because, I am guessing, the person below me must have had their heat turned up high. I didn't want to turn on the real air conditioning in February just to combat the heat from downstairs so I put up with it.The hotel has a cute motif and the neighborhood is pleasant. We had a car but used public transit which was easy to access. I can't say that I would return to this hotel any time soon.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>sarahbrom
<Content>Absolutely Perfect       Each room has a different mural.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nyaa29
<Content>Interesting Concept, Terrible Service I've recently stayed at the Best Western Hotel Tomo and had a horrible experience. I chose to stay at this property after staying at another Joie de Vivre Boutique Hotel in which I had a wonderful experience. The hotel had a modern J-Pop concept and the lobby was small but interesting. The front desk staff was not friendly or helpful at all. No one at the desk ever greeted or acknowledged me and I went to the desk a number of three times, once at check-in, once to ask for directions and for toiletries, and lastly at check-out. It always seemed like an inconvenience for them to assist me. Peter at the desk was especially cold and very rude. I have never encountered such horrible service before. I thought that the layout and location of the hotel was generally good but the management should consider training their staff on being hospitable, on guest relations, and customer service. Overall I would not select the Best Western Hotel Tomo again when staying in San Francisco and would not recommend to family or friends.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	3	2	

<Author>cooksjourney
<Content>Clean, Quiet and Cool We stayed here for 1 night after the trip from Sydney to San Francisco. Found the hotel through trip advisor and picked it mainly because of price and the promise of a new fitout. It was fantastic. And the rooms even looked like the pics promised on the hotel website. The taxi cost about $35 from the airport to the hotel.We arrived earlier than expected but our room was ready and we were moved to one on the upper floors. The staff were extremely helpful and welcoming. And it was entertaining watching the little kids in the foyer play with the big cushion! Everything in the room was new, clean and fresh and the big TV and i-pod dock was great.The hotel was in easy walking distance of Union Square, in fact the day was so nice that apart from an obiligatory ride on a cable car we walked everywhere.After a big afternoon and evening of exploring - delicious lunch at Yank Sing, Union Square, Fishermans' Wharf, a ferry trip on the harbour, and an entertaining hour or two at the Bourbon  Branch (!), we were ready for a light meal and a good nights sleep. The Japantown (or J-town as our cab driver called it) location was perfect - we got our fill of action on the walk back with the streets getting progressively quieter the closer we got to the hotel. We could have eaten in-house (it was popular, very long queues to get in) but we decided to cross the road and explore the little square area. There was a good sized group of restaurants with plenty of choice. We found one which served a hearty and healthy bowl of tempura udon soup for about $US8 - just the thing! Check out was quick, the staff were still smiling and the taxi arrived within minutes.For just over $100 a night for 2 it was perfect. And the Joie de Vivre website is a wonderful resource for a visitor. We passed the Hotel Carlton, which is further along Sutter Street, and that looked great too. Would absolutely recommend this chain.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sydney_8
<Content>Tomo was fun This hotel was very fun. The room looked exactly like the photo, very clean, funky design and well proportioned. Location was great, quiet, safe and clean with easy access to the Muni and 10 minutes from upbeat cafes and shops . The staff were helpful and friendly. The only drawback was that the wireless internet was down during our stay and internet access was only available from the lobby.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>herculepoirot
<Content>So Much Fun! Surprises Galore... The Tomo will surprise and delight guests of all ages and ethnicities. I don't want to give away all the surprises but let's just say when they renovated and decorated this place, they went the extra mile on creativity. Comfortable beds, sturdy furnishings, awesome use of color...and more! Street parking was also a nice added surprise. Very nice and savvy front desk manager (a woman with a European name)...Anyhow, enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Serialnerd
<Content>Hotel Tomo - great in Japantown When you arrive at the hotel you are greeted with a long couch that looks like a Puli dog dyed blue. Blue fantastic.They have a Giant Robot vending machine with sweatshirts  tshirts. Which is about the coolest thing to have in a hotel.You are right across the street from the Japantown center with it's own little mall. Quite a lot of fun.Rooms were each like new-Japanese wave paintings  art. No stuffed animal on the bed like in the photos but most people bring their own. Mini fridge in room as well as free internet access. A blessing for sure!The front desk staff is very welcoming and quick. As long as you ask nicely they will also print your boarding passes (for our air travelers).We had issues with the heat the first night so we switched rooms at 1:30am but again, they were helpful and nice about it. The second room had the same problem until we figured out you have to turn on the air to get the heat to work. ** note to guests - on the switch that says Air Conditioner, simply turn the knob to lo or hi. Then adjust the temp on the thermostat. It will kick in within 5 minutes.We also had an issue with the toilet not working properly but it was within a few hours of us leaving. They were gracious and accommodating at the register.Total stay: 3 nightsType of room: Balcony QueenOverall expereince: Quite goodWould stay again: Yes, for sure  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cromocat
<Content>Tastefully Creative This is the second time I stay at Hotel Tomo... the first time I stayed there was over a year ago, when it was still the Miyako. as te Miyako, it was dark, dreary and overall yucky... This time, as the newly remodeled Hotel Tomo it was clear, crisp and a joy to stay at. From the pictures on the web I thought perhaps we might find the colors and in-room mural a bit over-exciting, maybe making it hard to relax, but we were nicely surprised to find that the color scheme is not neon or shocking, it was actually quite appealing. It felt like the furniture and decorations are something you would find at IKEA, but with a Japanese flair. We absolutely loved it!!! You don't have to feel like you're Japanese or into Anime to really enjoy the main part of the experience. NEWLY REMODELED ROOMS AT A GREAT RATE... now in San Francisco, that means a lot. Quality hotel accomodations without having to shell out a fortune. Everything in the room is new, including the bathroom fixtures, tiles, floor, etc... The room (#711) had a great view (West) so we were able to appreciate a beautiful sunset over the hills. The hotel is just across the street from the main plaza in Japantown so convenient is an understatement. It's close to restaurants, theater, the Kubuki bath house, parking, the center of the city, and just about all the main attractions in San Francisco. If I were wealthy and money were no object, I might stay somewhere else, perhaps with complete royalty treatment, spa included. But for me, the average traveler on a tight budget, I felt pampered. Perhaps even somewhat surprised that i had found this clean, beautiful room with a FANTASTIC view for only $110/night. The staff is friendly. If I had to do it again, I certainly would. I can consider myself now a regular at the Hotel Tomo.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Angie43
<Content>Unique Japanese Decor! We just stayed at Tomo for a company function, and we were very impressed with the unique Japanese decor ! We booked the hotel through Best Western directly. They held the room for me at $119/night, and a week later when I called back to reserve the room, the online price had dropped to $107 and they gladly matched the price. When we arrived, there was an error on the rate sheet, but they fixed at as soon as we pointed it out. We arrived at noon and parked at the hotel parking ($15/day), and our room was ready! The parking lot is small - but since we know this ahead of time, we planned on taking a taxi to our destination. After reading all of the reviews, I had high expectations, and I was not disappointed. The hotel was clean, safe, and quiet. The toiletries DID smell great and the room had a plug-in water kettle for tea/instant coffee. (Not a problem since we found a wonderful french pastry shop/cafe down on Filmore street). The staff was friendly. Overall, Japantown had great food and shopping - it was such a treat! We will definitely stay there next time!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>OffSpinner
<Content>Not the best of San Francisco... Stayed for 5 days. Were given a 'brand new' room on the newly remodeled eighth floor. Good view. Furnishings were new and standard BW quality. Bath room was clean. Terrible noise problems though. Either there were no door closers on the eighth floor or they were not adjusted at all. If you let the door close itself, it would bang and shake half of the floor. Guess what? Our room was shaking by these closing doors around us, till midnight and again after 5 AM. So that'll be your window of sleep if you are a light sleeper. Reported the problem to the manager, in person. She was defensive and did nothing to alleviate the door banging. Seems like terrible work has been done in 'remodeling' the hotel. The walls have little sound insulation. We could hear the TV and conversations in the next room and it appeared the sounds were coming through the electrical cutouts in the wall.They advertise wireless internet available but don't tell you that it is only in the lobby area on the sub ground floor, where there are only four electrical outlets. If your laptop is the fifth one, take a wait and it will be long. Or bring a laptop with fully functioning battery and be prepared to squat on the floor.I travel extensively around the US and this is the first BW I've seen where there were several power extension cords around the room. One behind the TV console and two either side of the bed. Don't know how the SF fire marshall can allow this in a hotel. Again shows poor remodel. Seems like the owner did all the design work himself. No architect worth his salt would miscalculate as to how may power outlets are needed in a hotel room. So this place maybe a safety hazard for you and your loved ones if something like this worries you.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>julianmom
<Content>Fun Hotel! Just got back from spending 5 days at the Hotel Tomo. I didn't know what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is in Japantown and has an anime theme. The rooms have anime murals, the decor is very colorful and clean. The hotel overall is clean. I love the toiletries, the smell so clean and fresh! Housekeeping was very good, and I was lucky to have a very nice lady leave a plug-in air freshener which made the room smell even fresher! We had a balcony facing Buchanan, it was nice to be able to open the door and let some air in. There is a restaurant in the lobby, not my cup of tea, but many people seemed to love it. The hotel is near Fillmore street, so there were many restaurant and shops to choose from. There is also a little shopping center across the street. Also, if you walk a couple of blocks, you can catch the #38 Geary bus and head down to Chinatown. This was great for us since we didn't rent a car and needed to get around using public transportation. The only negative about the area (not the hotel) is that most shops and restaurants open late, and close pretty early. The only late night restaurant we could find is Denny's - being that we were in town to catch some concerts at the Fillmore, we were disappointed that most places closed early. Other than that, we LOVED the hotel and the area and plan to return next year.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>heavybuddy
<Content>One of the best Many older hotels are remodelling and upgrading their guest rooms, but not many are investing extra time and effort to give their rooms some style and personality. The designers at the Tomo in Japan Center went out of their way to create rooms that are comfortable and relaxing but also fun to be in, with big hand-painted murals on the walls and artwork suggesting various Japanese pop culture images: Godzilla, Hello Kitty, and various anime characters. Upon arrival I was greeted in the lobby by television monitors showing Japanese cartoons and old Godzilla movies, and I was immediately handed a free sample of cold flavored sake. Definitely the nicest greeting I've ever experienced. The desk clerk honored my request for a room at the back. The room on the 7th floor contained a king-size bed, flat-screen TV (which only got a few channels and even those were fuzzy), and all the stuff you expect these days in a mid-range hotel. The decor was basically modern Japan, with some unusual touches, like the mural depicting a monster (not Godzilla) attacking Tokyo, and a large photograph of a woman's eye. Even with the artwork the room was extremely comfortable, and I knew right away I would enjoy a good night's sleep. The location was so quiet I could have easily kept the window open all night, weather permitting. For a little over $100 this was an incredible bargain for a room of this quality in San Francisco. I parked overnight at the nearby Japan Center for $15, still a great deal. This neighborhood is packed with great restaurants. Between Japan Center and the restaurants along Fillmore you've easily got a week's worth of great dining, all within a five minute walk. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting SF: business travellers, families, honeymooners, anybody. The unique decor (and the low rates) should appeal to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>MarkCcars
<Content>Good service and convenient Great for families but please note that the furniture is not baby proof! Toddlers should be wary of the bed frames.This was a fun hotel with large clean rooms. Bathrooms are dark though. The upper floors have great views.The location is great because you are near downtown but Japantown is quiet and uncrowded.Hotel parking is easy and not expensive at $15.There are good restaurants nearby.Free Wi-Fi!Good value all around.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gardenology
<Content>Great value for the $$; but they need to work a little harder My boyfriend and I stayed in the Hotel Tomo over Thanksgiving weekend and, overall, were quite happy. We booked online and reserved three nights at $108/ea. We couldn't believe our luck. Our room was large and clean, the decor was excellent with an attention to detail. We deliberately chose Japantown because it's quiet, but close to great shopping (and coffee!) on Filmore, and a quick bus ride downtown (you can catch the bus across from the hotel).The positives: big room with king bed, fantastic modern/playful decor, big flat screen tv, iPod dock, tasteful complimentary bath products, in-room safe, in-room coffee/tea, parking on-site. The negatives: front desk staff was curt and not terribly helpful, heat in room did not work, ran out of hot water (but was still warm-ish) in the morning, no WiFi (the clerk gave us a cable, so we could hook up to free Internet - but still...).A positive experience overall, worth the value, but they have some fine tuning to do in order to keep their guests happy and coming back for more.Also -- fun, crowded  tasty restaurant in the hotel called Shabu-Shabu. Worth checking out.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	2	2	

<Author>onoman
<Content>A lucky find in San Francisco Had a bad experience at the Beach Motel and started looking for a hotel with parking that was not too far from the UCSF Medical Center, where my father was recovering from surgery. Having lived in San Francisco before, decided to try over by Japantown. Found the Best Western Hotel Tomo, which was previously the Hotel Miyako. They actually had rooms available on a walkup basis on a Friday afternoon! And to top it off they gave us a room for $149/nite with tax and parking included! This was for two double beds. Hotel is cute with a kind of Japanese Anime/pop culture motif. Monitors in lobby were playing Godzilla and Japanese cartoons!Hotel looks brand new with modern furnishings in the rooms. Room was immaculate with a small refrigerator, flat screen TV and toiletries by Lather, a very nice store in Los Angeles. Had a light bulb go out, staff came up immediately to fix it. Overall, staff was really very helpful.Japanese restaurant in hotel, did not try, but looked like there was a fun crowd in evening. Hotel was very quiet and safe.Parking does not accommodate all guest cars, so get back in early. My mother who was traveling with me really liked this hotel, even the Anime inspired wall paper in our room.Location is close to just about everything and it is very convenient for someone with car, as there is little traffic in this area. It is also across the street from Japantown and all the Japanese restaurants and shops.It was a lucky stroke to find this hotel and an even luckier stroke to get a room on a Friday without a reservation. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a good reasonably priced hotel in San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissJessica
<Content>safe location Stayed at Hotel Tomo as part of a conference at the Hotel Miyako (now Hotel Kabuki), both hotels being owned by the same group. The Tomo is unassuming from the street, but very fun and hip on the inside: a cool (small lobby) and well decorated rooms with a good amount of space. The front desk staff (save for the manager) were subpar, however. I called in advance of my arrival to request an early check in (I was travelling for nine hours to get there, and wasn't looking forward to having to kill two more hours before I could get into my room), and was told--very curtly--check in was at 2:00, since housekeeping had to clean the rooms. Funny, I didn't think this was an unusual request. When I arrived, I found out that they had not charged my company credit card, which I had conveniently neglected to bring along (and arrived on a Saturday). After some back and forth, we got the situation straightened out, but it felt like there was a little more work done on my part (as a guest) than there should have been. There was a distinct language barrier between myself and all of the front desk staff (again, save for the manager), which was frustrating and didn't help to make me feel welcome.The heat in our room didn't work. Thankfully, the weather was mild enough that it wasn't a huge inconvenience.The lock on our door didn't work. I didn't feel like battling the language barrier to address it, and instead used the chain on the door and hoped for the best...that said, the feeling of the neighborhood was very safe, even though we were on the first floor with street access. Clearly, I lived to tell.The staff in the restaurant was curt and rude and could not easily answer a question about how long of a wait it would be to get a table.Housekeeping was aggressive and walked right into the room (remember, the lock didn't work), the day of check in. Hello, the room was already cleaned, I just checked in (and couldn't check in early because you had to clean it, remember?). If you put the do not disturb sign out, they'd call you on the phone. Enough already. I'm all set.The wifi access was spotty, which was bad news for me as a business traveller. My laptop had better luck connecting; unfortunately, my husband was completely unable to connect and had to relocate to a cafe on Fillmore Street to get some work done (where he was able to connect with no problems...).All that said, the rooms were clean, I did feel safe (even with a broken lock!), and the value was good (because I got a group rate related to my conference). I'd stay here again--if I got as good a deal as I did with the group rate--but I'd still plan to bring along my salt shaker, full of the grains of salt that I'd need in staying here.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	2	2	2	

<Author>NaomiLA
<Content>Impressive Design  My boyfriend and I went to San Francisco for the weekend and I chose Hotel Tomo for its central location, proximity to Japantown, and its affordability. I was also curious about the contemporary Japanese anime/art design but I was skeptical that it would be done well, probably because it's part of the Best Western chain and their hotels are generally too corporate and bland for my taste.But I have to say that my favorite part of Hotel Tomo was how well it was designed. The execution was impressive--bedding, lamps, furniture, paint colors, graphics--and put together they created a comfort and serenity that I haven't experienced before in a hotel room. The building is situated in a quieter part of town which only reinforced the overall effect of the designed space. The front staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable and there are lots of amenities within walking distance. The hotel is a gem and we'll be returning in the future.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Zsusanna
<Content>Highly impressed! My husband and I visited San Fran with the sole intent of staying at this property for his birthday. I can honestly say our expectations were fully met at this J-pop themed hotel! Rooms were exceptionally clean, comfortable and spacious. Not to mention unique!! Loved the giant Fatboy beanbag! Linens were of exceptional quality, we especially enjoyed the down comforter we found tucked away in the dresser drawer! Front desk staff was super friendly and inviting, as well as very knowledgeable of the city. We found the hotel to be so fun and awesome that we almost didn't want to leave the room, but then we remembered we were in San Francisco...! We plan to stay here at least once each time we return to S.F.Thank you Hotel TOMO!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ampdesign
<Content>Great find This was a great affordable place to stay. Newly remodeled. Fairly spartan on the service and amenities. Very clean and beds are great. We stayed in one of the deluxe kings. Conveniently located to city center/Union square if that's what you are into. J-town is somewhat diminutive but pretty cool. I would definitely consider another stay here when in the city. Can't beat the value.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>timinoue
<Content>super cool hotel, uniquely awesome experience!!       beds  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sixtyish
<Content>Bad parking, no guest laundry I researched this hotel on the Best Western site.And two of the amenities listedwere indoor parking on site and guest laundry. (Also the 2007 AAA Tourbook listsonsite parking.) As it turned out theparking was very limited and there was no guest laundry facilities.The sign in the parking garage stated, 鈥淭here are only 35 spaces inthe parking garage. If the Full sign is on, please ask at frontdesk for alternate parking.鈥?This is for a hotel with 125 rooms!Essentially parking was a Russian Roulette situation. We had tochange our plans because we couldn鈥檛 get guaranteed parking.We had bicycles in our van and were going to cycle aroundGolden Gate Park. We had to figure out how to get to the parkwith public transportation, without bikes, since we didn鈥檛 want to movefrom the parking garage. So the alternate parking was around the corner and the nextblock over at the Japan Center. When given directionsby Tomo staff they failed to indicatewhat the name of the parking structure was. When I got around the corner I had to call from my cell to see if I was in the right place. This structure was very noisy and did not have 24-hr access. (To pay the fee in advance of leaving I had to go to the lobby and find out on what parking level the automated machine was located. Tomo didreimburse me for the charges.)On PM 8/21/07 there was no hot water for my wife鈥檚 bath; on AM 8/25 thewater was not hot; but tepid.The place had just been renovated and the room was comfortable and clean; however, my wife didn鈥檛 care for the wall graphic (because the black silhouettedfigures were frightening when she woke up in the middle of the night).So the stay we had was punctuated with parking hassles andthe annoyance of an unreliable hot water situation.The parking situation is misrepresented in the amenities listsof the Best Western website and the AAA book. This should becorrected!I have sent this complaint, of misrepresentation, to Best Western, AAA, website TripAdvisor, and the hotel owner Joie de Vivre Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Melweach
<Content>What a nice surprise! We booked the Hotel Tomo because it was close to the people that we were visiting. What a wonderful surpise it was! The hotel looked brand new (and, I found out, was due to recent renovation) and everything was nice and clean! Hotel staff were very friendly and accomodating including helping us print boarding passes and letting us park in the garage for a quick hour for free.I also highly recommend Mum's for shabu-shabu! It is all you can eat which is rare at restaurants. But, I agree with another reviewer to skip them for breakfast...head to Denny's instead.My only tiny complaint was the location of my room. We were right outside the employee breakroom, so we heard the staff quite frequently and sometimes at too early of an hour. Also, being at the end of the hotel I think we must have backed up to a daycare center as there were children playing and screaming at the property next door...but it was at a reasonable hour so it didn't really matter to me. And, as others have said, it is a bit away from all the action.I recommend rechecking your hotel rates the closer you get to your trip. When I first booked, the rate was $120, but when I checked a couple weeks prior it was even lower at $95 and they changed it for me!So, even though they didn't have a big heavenly bed or a 5 star hotel restaurant, it was a very pleasant stay for the money. I would definitely recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>elizp
<Content>a hip, colorful  After reviews of this renovated Best Western in the San Francisco Chronicle and here on TripAdvisor, I was eager to return to this site and I'm happy to report that it lived up to the hype. In the bones of a reliable, conventional Best Western hotel is the soul of a colorful and hip J-pop inn. My non-smoking, queen-sized bedroom included modular, IKEA-like pine furniture; a natural pine headboard that stretched the horizontal length of one wall; a round, apple-green table; an admittedly uncomfortable beanbag chair; a flat-screen TV; and complimentary Internet access. The window provided a view of a couple geodesic domes on the first-floor patio. And the room's most prominent interior design detail was an illustrated mural of an orange, masked deer hiding within a black-tree forest; the deer's translucent stomach contained city buildings and skyscrapers. Sounds jarring and creepy but, really, it was cool! In the bathroom -- now refurbished with a marble tile top and Kohler fixtures -- orange-scented Japanese soaps  shampoos helped me wind down after a looong day of travel. As enchanted as I was with the room, my favorite feature of Hotel Tomo is still its location in Japantown, a quiet, residential neighborhood that is separated from touristy San Francisco by a $7.50 cab ride. The many conveniences around the hotel were welcome: after 6.5 hours on planes, I wanted simply dinner in my room and Jeopardy on television. So in the small grocery store across the street I found a smoked salmon dinner in the take-out case as well as drinks, snacks, fruit, toothpaste, etc., If the grocery store is closed, there are many Japanese restaurants across from the hotel; and if sushi and ramen are too exotic for you, a 24-hour Denny's is a short city block away. The one negative aspect of my stay was the rather cursory check-in -- the old Best Western had more personable folks at the front desk. And these folks at the front desk didn't seem that interested in the other guests' complaints about their rooms. But in the lobby I was soon distracted by the furry tendrils of the reception couch, a vending machine of Giant Robot paraphernalia, and Japanese animated movies on the flat-screen televisions. Perhaps that's not a bad way to sum up Hotel Tomo: it's a quiet place filled with many happy distractions.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>sashaling
<Content>enoyed the tomo   showReview(8550689, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>TDYTraveler
<Content>Loved the Tomo   showReview(8489157, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tsutaye
<Content>Where's the manager?   showReview(8400548, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	2	2	1	

<Author>NoVAFamilyof4
<Content>Hotel Tomo was a good value   showReview(8358019, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kruizerkarol
<Content>Ok hotel but bad parking   showReview(8218137, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Leprechaun1
<Content>A Fantastic Discovery       Looking down on Japantown from 7th floor of Hotel Tomo  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Clotilde98
<Content>Really cool hotel   showReview(8042002, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>s3seven
<Content>j-pop gem in lower pacific heights/ japantown.   showReview(7684465, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frankito
<Content>San Fransisco Refreshed   showReview(23357533, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>thierrylaplage
<Content>bon compromis   showReview(23287659, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wf_40
<Content>Super Aufenthalt   showReview(22524010, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel   showReview(20550357, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout 脿 fait satisfait   showReview(20550358, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>guipret
<Content>Tomo !       chambre  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>bulgaro
<Content>hotel caratteristico, commodo ai mezzi, lontano dal centro       bagno 1  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	5	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rde wieder hin   showReview(19645094, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18524282, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vero070
<Content>H么tel calme   showReview(17018568, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel, bien situ茅   showReview(17430296, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Leomad
<Content>Luces y Sombras   showReview(16334618, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Wahl...   showReview(16591771, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr茅s propre.un peu froid en d茅co.   showReview(16591772, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bonne adresse sur San francisco dans une d茅co fun !!   showReview(15565883, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr nett.   showReview(14731763, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱亗銆佸€ゆ鐩稿綋銇嬨倓銈勫畨銈?#x201d;   showReview(19169519, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent service   showReview(13981863, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super preis-leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11313403, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇濄亾銇濄亾銇с仚   showReview(19166021, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銈点兂銉曘儵銉炽偡銈广偝   showReview(19159552, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嬨仾銈婅壇銇?#x201d;   showReview(19155317, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閬庡幓銇偟銉炽儠銉┿兂銈枫偣...   showReview(19927492, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈搞儯銉戙兂銈裤偊銉炽伄鐩伄...   showReview(19917568, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

