<Author>Dolphin028
<Content>Brilliant stay I've just returend from a 4-night stay at the hotel, and would certainly recomend it to anyone.The hotel is clean, and the staff are friendly enough. There is a variety of choice for Breakfast - meats, cheeses, cereals, bread rolls, fruit as well as tea, coffee and fruit juices.The hotel's nearest U-Bahn train station is only a couple of minutes walk away, and is approx. 5 stops from Alexanderplatz which seems to be one of the most central areas of the city. There is a TV tower in Alexanderplatz; for 9 euro 50, you can go up to the cafe, which is worth doing, you can see for miles. It is worthwhile getting to the tower early, however, as there is generally a queue.It was our third time in Berlin [the second at Frankfurter Alee Hotel], so had seen the 'touristy bits' ie Checkpoint Charlie before but it was great to still walk around -must have walked miles every day.all in all, it was a great stay, and would certainly consider going to this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SigiL
<Content>Good value for money but noisy on the street side       Front View  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>stang78
<Content>Great value hotel and ideal sight seeing base... We stayed here a few years ago one Christmas and loved it. Returning to Berlin for part of our mini-honeymoon in the summer, we wanted something cheap but clean and Agon Frankfurter Allee fit the bill for the three night stay.The Samariterstrasse U-bahn station is about a minute's walk from the hotel. This then goes straight into Alexanderplatz, which is one of the major transport hubs in Berlin; from here the S-bahn and U-bahn lines for the whole of city are accessible. Trains from Samariterstrasse depart every 5 minutes until very late on. For this reason, it is an ideal sight-seeing base - I never find the need to pay a great deal for a hotel which we only sleep at, but I always insist on it being clean. The room was spotless and the bathroom looked brand-new. The breakfast is fanastic considering it is included in the already very reasonable price. Bread, eggs scrambled and boiled, different cold meats, cereal, yoghurt etc. It really provides an excellent start to a day's sightseeing.The hotel's environs aren't the best looking - but we never felt threatened or menaced, either on the previous visit or last week's. The area is probably undergoing a regeneration of sorts, but I actually found myself liking the character of the place. Grafiti is present, but that's Berlin (and most capital cities) for you. The hotel itself is very secure and well maintained.Lastly, the staff are very friendly and do speak English, although I usually try and speak German just to show that I'm making an effort!Overall, a little gem of an hotel. I would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Roger02
<Content>OK hotel in not so OK neighborhood We stayed 5 nights in the hotel.Good points: Room was clean and hotel is close to public transport. Bad points: Hotel is situated in not so good neighborhood. There was noise until late in the night (drunks, punkers and some anti social youth) and from early in the morning (building site just beside the hotel). The only option was to close the windows which was not very pleasant since it was very warm and there is no air-conditioning in the room.Upon arrival there was no space at hotel parking to park our car, so we had to park our car in the neighborhood. Result: in the first night one of our wheel caps was stolen. Walking around in the neighborhood we saw quite some cars with one or several wheel caps missing. Even asking the present local alcoholics did not help to find out wheel cap.The 2nd day we asked if there was a hotel park space available. We received the spare spot (for 5 euro per night). After staying 5 nights in the hotel, upon departing we found our car completely covered with bird droppings and some sticky substance that came from the tree it was parked under. Since later during our stay there were several free spaces, hotel staff could have given us a different spot saving us a drive home in a very, very dirty car and a visit to the car cleaner. Instead, the only thing they gave us was the bill for the parking spot.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>bhillgal
<Content>Great Hotel Whilst this is not completely central (2 tube journeys from the main station), this hotel was ideal for a short stay in Berlin. It is only a few minutes walk from the nearest U-Bahn station (Samariterstrasse) and was very easy to find. Rooms were clean, breakfast was lovely (vanilla custard - yum!!) and it was ideally located for the bars, restaurants and nightlife of Friedrichshain. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable, value for money stay.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cutedarcy
<Content>Clean hotel  Stayed here for 3 nights in April 08. Lovely hotel, close to transport system, about 5 min walk. Room was spotless, breakfast was good also. We stayed in room no 7, across the courtyard, good size and bathroom fine.Staff friendly though the price of alcohol in the bar is more expensive compared with other places. Also, bottled water from reception is 鈧? and the local shop cost is 鈧?.30.Overall, good hotel, good location and good value for money.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MissWales82
<Content>Great Friendly staff, close to transport and restaurants. Very clean room and nice breakfast. Only complaint was we got woken up at 5am every morning from noise coming from the hotel back yard area.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>D-TAdventures
<Content>Stay here!!       Opposite view of bedroom/apartment  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gordy37
<Content>Great stay at the Agon Frankfurter Allee, Berlin Stayed at the Agon Frankfrter Allee for 7 nights from 1 June 08.I thought the Hotel provided excellent value for money. The rooms were spotless, the staff were very obliging and the Buffet Breakfast was more than adequate.The Hotel's immediate environment was not too encouraging with the amount of graffiti around, but this appears to be a problem endemic throughout Berlin, including the public transport system. The Hotel is very close to a U-Bahn station, which is another plus point, with trains every few minutes. Oh, if only transport systems in UK cities were as efficient and integrated as Berlin!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tauberman
<Content>Clean hotel, not-so-clean neighbourhood Hotel was spotlessly clean although bedrooms are very functional (certainly not a room to relax in) and meant for sleeping in only. We had the basic double room which meant twin beds pushed together with one against the wall. Breakfast was very good - typical of type of hotel in Germany. Excellent restaurant in Plaza on nearby Frankfurter Allee and great link into city on U5 from Samariterstrasse station. Super access to Schoenefeld airport by S-bahn (change at Treptower Park) to/from Frankfurter Allee station (walk to hotel from there - not worth going onto ubahn for the one stop) for 2.50 Euros (ticket for BC area or 2.80 for ABC area if you drop your bags and go straight into the city or use U5 for the one stop). Handy little shop next door to hotel and excellent shopping at Ring Centre by Frankfurter Allee station. Neighbourhood streets are seedy (watch where you put your feet!) but area is getting better. Would certainly use again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>emaRome
<Content>value for money I spent here the 1st May weekend. The hotel has a smart location, in a quiet street and 2-minute walk away from the Samariterstr. U-bahn station (line U-5). The room was quite simple and essential but really clean. The hotel was quiet at night, even if it was more or less sold out. The staff is kind and English speaking. The only (very partial) minuses regard breakfast: the breakfast canteen is quite congested when the hotel is full and the food choice could be a little richer, but I'm not saying at all the breakfast was bad or scarce.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Barrie96
<Content>Good base to explore Berlin Spent 5 nights here and found the hotel lived up to the reviews on Trip Advisor.The hotel stands out in the street as a modern place among some more run-down properties, but it's very close to Frankfurter Allee. Tip: the closest underground station is Samariterstrasse - only 2 minutes walk away.We had a lovely spacious room - double bed, table, couch, etc and a bright en-suite bathroom. Everything was spotless. For breakfast there was plenty of choice - fruit juice, cereals, bread, rolls, fruit, yogurt, cold meat, cheese, boiled eggs, a scrambled egg dish with bacon, jam, tea, coffee. In short all you'd want before setting off for a day's sightseeing.There was also free computer access and a little bar, which we didn't use. The staff were friendly and helpful.We'd have no hesitation in returning here the next time we go to Berlin.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Buster7456
<Content>Good basic accommodation Just back after 4 day stay in Berlin. Read reviews and choose hotel accordingly. Not disappointed good basic accommodation at budget price for Berlin.Staff were helpful, metro around corner - loads of eating houses within 5 to 10 min walking time.Room was clean and the little breakfast was ampleWould stay there again  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Europe_Tourer
<Content>Functional but good enough for a pleasant stay We stayed 3 nights at the Agon Frankfurter Allee in Berlin. It's spotlessly clean, nicely renovated inside and out but it is also largely functional.I'll deal with the negatives first. There is no in-room safe (just a big shared safe at reception), no fridge/mini bar (which we like to use to chill our own soft drinks and water), no air conditioning (just heating, so there's no fan/ventilation unless you keep the windows open which would then be occasionally noisy at night with the passing cars, people etc).There is no lobby with sofas - just a bar with high stools so there's nowhere to sit and relax before/after you've checked in/out.Breakfast is only so so. Cheese, cold meats, yoghurts, tea/coffee. No nice pastries, v little fresh fruit, v little cooked food and the juices were very watery. It's basically a very cheap spread.As for the room, the pillows were thin and the mattresses very soft providing little support.Those are the negatives but there are plenty of positives.The room was large, the bathroom was very clean and everything worked well. There was plenty of hot water at all times of the day and night. No plumbing problems etc. The bathroom floor was heated which was a plus. There is also plenty of car parking in the inner courtyard.The main plus for us was that the front desk staff were very helpful and polite. All of them were very good to us and that definitely helps.By the way, there is free internet access in the reception but the computer runs on linux (not Windows or Mac) and it mysteriously does not allow access to yahoo mail for some strange reason.When we were booking, we found hotels to be expensive for what you get in Berlin which is why we settled for this one. Whenever we go on a city break for 3 nights, we usually aim to spend around 拢100 per night. What that gets you definitely varies quite a bit from one country to another in the EU. For that money in Italy you can get a really chic 4 star hotel (e.g. the Starhotels Excelsior in Bologna for example). So Berlin is certainly somewhere that one has to pay a premium in order to get a comparable room. But, did we enjoy our stay in Berlin and at this hotel? The answer is yes to both of these.Given that Berlin seems to be somewhere that one has to spend a premium to get a really decent hotel, this hotel represents good value for the typical cost conscious visitor.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>traveluva
<Content>Great Find! I chose this hotel based on price and reviews and I wasnt disappointed. The price was good for the location. It is located close to Frankfurter Allee S-Bahn Station and there is also a U-Bahn station nearby. It is also possible to walk to Alexandraplatz from the hotel but it is easier to take public transport! The area itself is fine. The hotel is located off a busy street on a quieter side street so there are no problems with noise at night. Some people may be put off by the grafiti in the immediate vicinity... but you have to remember this is Berlin and Berlin especially former East Berlin is covered in grafiti! Berlin in general is a safe city. I have never felt unsafe at any time of the day or night. There is a shopping centre a short walk from the hotel as well and loads of places to eat for cheap locally. The rooms are clean, bright and spacious. The same with the bathroom. The room was cleaned every day and new towels were provided. There is no hairdryer in the room and if you need one then you have to get one at reception but you will need to leave a 鈧?0 deposit... they will give this back to you when you return the hairdryer. There is free internet in reception and the free breakfast buffet is fab. You have to leave your key in reception when you leave which was fine with us as we would rather this than have to worry about where we put our keys. Over all I enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CocoGA
<Content>Great hotel Date 29 feb 2008 Have just got back from berlin and found the agon perfect for a stay, ideal for getting around if you get the u bahn from Samariterstrasse ( 2 mins up the road) to alexandraplatz you can then get anywhere you want to by tram, bus,or rail,get a welcome card it is well worth the money and has a very useful booklet with it. We had a twin room, not huge but decor good and everywhere very clean (you only sleep in it). Breakfast superb- what a choice and staff very helpful. There is a shop on the corner if you turn right out of hotel where you can buy cheap beer, snacks etc. Some nice restuarants nearby too, try Leander and also a bit further away one called Plus minus nil. Would recommend this hotel to anyone it is great value for money.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cathnix
<Content>A Little Gem My sister and I stayed at this hotel for the 3rd time in December2007.Nice big room,very clean, excellent breakfast and very friendly and helpful staff. Close to the underground it's a great base for getting to the city centre. There are plenty of shops, restaurants and bars close by .We will be back later this year. It's a little gem. Mrs Catherine Nixon. Ilkley West Yorkshire.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gluhwein
<Content>A Big City Bargain Despite the Seedy Neighborhood       The rooms were big and best of all, warm  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>guillaume51
<Content>Where to Stay in Berlin The Agon Frankfurter Allee is situated on the very quiet Scharnweberstrasse, a block down from the thoroughfare for which it is named. The building is old for Berlin, but eveything inside is very up-to-date. There is nothing fancy about this hotel, but neither is there anything less than perfect--reception, cleanliness, comfort, breakfast (including coffee). Also, I liked the fact that the TV didn't have the pay-for-porn option that has become a fixture in so many hotels. Affordability is the other merit: even when converting from dollars to euros this hotel is a bargain. And you are right in the center of one of the most seductive of Berlin's urban villages, Friedrichshain. Why would you stay anywhere else?  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ferdinando_pucci
<Content>great hotel It's a very comfortable hotels, very cheap with breakfast included. Beds can be joined to simulate a double. You can control the temperature in the room, the baths are new and have liquid soap. The hotel is very close to the underground.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>edge_wife
<Content>Fab little hotel My husband an I stayed here when I took him to Berlin for his birthday. We had a fabulous time: the hotel was clean, comfortable and the staff were helpful. It is tucked away a little bit but there's plenty of nearby shops, restaurants and bars. We were fairly new to travelling at the time and were fairly proud of ourselves for making it from Tegel on the bus and U-Bahn, thought it did test my schoolgirl German a bit. Loved every minute of our stay though and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>bbwn82
<Content>Great stay in eastern Berlin We were a little hesitant in booking this hotel, given its off the beaten path location. However, it was an excellent surprise! The hotel was close to the S-bahn station Frankfurter Allee (5-10 minute walk), and was even closer to the U-bahn station (2 minutes). You can get anywhere you'd like to go downtown within 15 or 20 minutes. When we arrived at the hotel, we were pleasantly surprised by the size of our rooms, and the amenities such as the heated tile bathroom floor. Also, the breakfast was the best we have had at a European hotel with a full hot and cold buffet.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nicolah3
<Content>Great hotel for exploring Berlin       Double Room  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>me881
<Content>A Great Value Hotel I booked this hotel as I required a family room and was very impressed with it.The room was huge and had the usual two singles pushed together plus a sofa bed, which had already been made up for us. The hotel was easy to find thanks to previous reviewers giving excellent directions to it. It is only a block away from Frankfurter Allee on a street running adjacent to it but as the U bahn has different exits it could be confusing without a map or directions, as you would possibly exit the wrong side of the street.The hotel was spotlessly clean and there is nothing that I could fault about it at all.Breakfast was more than adequate with a very good selection. We used the bar once, which we had to ourselves and the kids were able to surf the net whilst the parents enjoyed a beer.I thought the 90 euros per night which we paid represented excellent value for money.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mike_Devon
<Content>Very impressed I wasn't quite sure about the hotel when I booked it. I booked it on the basis of the good reviews here and was impressed on arrival. The staff are good, breakfast is more than adequate, even though the breakfast area has the feel of a university canteen about it. The bar area is small but I never saw anyone using it during my stay.The room I had overlooked the car park at the back of the hotel, it was comfortable and clean although would not have been suitable for a couple (twin beds toe to toe).The hotel itself certainly stood out in the area, it's been renovated and looks a little out of place in a run down part of the old East Berlin. But the area is perfectly safe, and within easy reach of Samaritser Strasse U-bahn station.Yes, there are hotels with a better location in relation to the city centre, but this is a good hotel and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>claretnale
<Content>Excellent value We had a short stay of 2 nights in this hotel and my wife and I were impressed. Large,clean room,substantial breakfast and a short walk to the underground and the quick connections to Alexanderplatz. Thoroughly recommended ,especially for slightly older guests,like us.If coming from Schonefeld Airport, take the cheap regional express train-don't get on the S-Bahn,takes much longer and was suffering from disruptions because of trackwork  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morgangeth
<Content>a "gem"of an hotel Stayed 3 nights in this excellant hotel,and thers no wonder thers good reviews about this hotel,its very clean,breakfast very good,and its in a good district with plenty of bars+resturants,also we found it safe to walk the streets at night time,and we where very late!!.I would have no hesitation in staying inthe agon frankfurter again when we return to this great city.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>daskamel
<Content>decent for the money A perfectly decent hotel  good for saving a bit of money (we stayed 5 nights). Everything is orderly, clean, respectable. It was quiet despite being pretty full (German tourists  students). Breakfast is good  ample (one hot egg or meat dish if you can't get into the ubiquitous cold meats  cheeses!) A computer in the lobby area is handy. It's not hard to find thanks to perfect directions from another reviewer  didn't take too long to get to, but we found we got a bit tired of seeing Alexander Platz  its train station. Remarkably, we found quite good German dinners in the Passage just up the street (felt like eating in a mall)--the hotel staff will recommend it. Big portions (like almost everywhere)  veges!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zog21
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I stayed in September with my mum for 4 nights, the hotel was perfect for a City Break in Berlin. Its roughly 30 minutes to Brandenburg Gate, just ask at the reception for details, you just need one u-bahn, a 100 bus and a bit of walking!The taxi from the airport Schofeld was 30 Euros, and was around about 30 minutes.The breakfast was adequate, and the hotel is exceptionally clean through out. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Daleigha
<Content>My opinion of Hotel Agon Frankfurter Allee We stayed for a week in this hotel, and were disappointed by the room. It was very small, and the beds were positioned foot - to -foot, which would ok if it was two friends, but I was with my boyfriend!! Also, the walls  ceiling were like paper, and we were woken on a few occasions by other guests coming in late in the evening. Having said that, the room was very clean, and the bathroom was lovely.The breakfast was very good - there was a good selection of rolls, meats, cheeses, cereal, fruit, yoghurt  coffee.The hotel was very handy to the U-bahn station, from which we were able to make our way all over berlin, quickly  easily. There were plenty of restaurants nearby, especially on boxhagner street, which is two minutes walk away. The area looks a bit dodgy, but it is totally fine for walking around - and is quiet most of the time - we never saw anyone that we were a bit wary of walking past.I felt the pictures of the hotel on the website were a bit misleading - the room we stayed in certainly didnt look like that!! And the bar etc is not as big as it would seem in the pictures either. There was a shopping centre nearby, on Frankfurter Allee, which had a good range of shops, and is also beside another U-bahn station.Like another reviewer, we also found the hotel very hard to find from the online instructions - we were wandering around for a good while before we finally found it!!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>RB-2004
<Content>Good city base We stayed for 4 nights in July and found the hotel to be convenient and very clean. As a mother and daughter the twin beds suited us perfectly. Breakfast was a varied buffet. Ten minutes into the city by train. We felt safe in the area - don't be put off by the graffiti - this is a quiet residential area. We ate every night at the Leander restaurant around the corner. Very pleasant - varied menu. Would recommmend this hotel as a good base for the city and a nice place to return to after a busy day.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>veedubb
<Content>Value 4 Money!! We stayed here for 3 nights in December 2006 and give this place a big thumbs up!!We were lucky enough to be upgraded to an apartment which was a very pleasant surprise.breakfast was greatstaff were greatlocation was great - easy enough to get to and from the airport using public transport.plenty of shops and restaurants nearby it's not a five star hotel but its very clean and in a safe area.5 jaffas!!ps. berlin is a fantastic city!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>FQTV1
<Content>Highly recommended, Great value The hotel is located in East Berlin, in the Friedrishain area. Although some have emphasized the heavy graffiti use and some other aspects of the hotel neighborhood it is just part of a normal look of this area. The neighborhood is completely safe and pleasant with no real threats 24/7 even for families. The hotel is one block south of Frankfurter Allee which is the main street crossing the area west to east. The nearest public transport station (one block away) is the U-Bahn Samariterstrasse which runs the U5 line to Alexanderplatz (less than 10 minute ride). A far away S-Bahn station 鈥淔rankfurter Allee鈥?is considered to be more central but is a 10 to 15 minute walk and is not worth the effort as for most of your travel within the city you will use the nearby station and it will suffice. Getting to the hotel from the station is simple: Exit the U-Bahn and take the south side of Frankfurter Allee. On Colberstrasse or Kinzigstasse take a right (south) and then a left on Scharnweberstrasse. The hotel main gate entrance is on the street (21-23) and you need to enter the parking yard for the building entrance.The hotel has regular small rooms and 鈥渁partments鈥?which are large ~70 square meter rooms equipped with a shower room + toilet, another toilet room and a small kitchen. The apartments are intended for 6 people (we were a family of 5). We paid 90 Euros per day including breakfast for all of us (booked directly with the hotel). We found the apartment clean and in a very good condition. The only 鈥渟mall鈥?issue was the fact that the apartments face the parking area which can become noisy early morning and the fact that the ground floor windows face directly this area although for us this was really a minor issue when compared with the great convenience of this facility and its cost.The breakfast was excellent. It had all the basic stuff starting with scrambled eggs or soft/hard-boiled ones, variety of breads, sausages, chesses, tomatos, cucumbers, jam, cereals, puddings, coffee, tea, juices, milk, cakes (I think I covered all) 鈥?I really don鈥檛 understand some other reviewers which felt a bit disappointed (???). As pointed out by others there are many dining opportunities nearby. For the fast food lovers (if you are with kids or just in a hurry), Burger King and Subway and numerous Pizza houses are within your grasp (our favorite one was near the Samaritestrasse U-Bahn station which served oval shaped and very tasty pizzas鈥?. You can ask the reception for more recommendations, most of them are a 10 minute walk south-west from the hotel and some are near the plaza (Mercure hotel) 2 blocks north-east from the hotel of Frankfurter Allee.The staff was helpful and assisted us with all the basic stuff we required (they all speak English).My family which are experienced travelers and used to various hotels, motels and zimmers of different variety and class found this hotel an excellent choice.We would definitely recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SueLeics
<Content>Agon Frankfurter Allee excellent value for money We have just returned from our 3rd trip to this hotel. The rooms were exceptionally clean, particularly the bathroom which was outstandingly clean. Rooms were cleaned thoroughly everyday and towels were changed daily. The self service breakfast was very good and ample although the breakfast room can get busy at weekends. The staff were always friendly and helpful. Just a couple of small negative points. There were no coffee/tea facilities in the room and the rooms were a little sparse decorationwise (no pictures on the wall etc) and there weren't enough pillows. (Reception gladly supply extra linen if required). These were relatively minor points however.To reach the hotel from Schonefeld airport take the Shconefeld express train or the S9 train to Alexander Platz remembering to buy a ticket from the machine at the station and validating it.From Alexander Platz take the U5 to Samariterstr. (approx 10 mins)The hotel is situated approx 100 metres from Samariterstr. station . Small tip - when travelling from Alexander Platz to Samariterstr. sit at the front of the train and exit the station via the stairs in front of you, turn right at the top which brings you out on both the right side of the road and closer to the hotel. Turn right and walk down Kingzigstr. (Video shop on the corner), then turn left at the Corner shop into Scharnweberstr. The hotel is just a few metres on the left.The taxi fare from Schonefeld is approx 拢25For travelling around Berlin take the U bahn from Samaiterstr. to Alexander Platz. This is a major station and all destinations can be reached easily from here.There are endless places to eat around the hotel area, whatever your taste.When we return again to Berlin, which we will, we will definitely stay at this hotel. Excellent value for money.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>maokkone
<Content>Value for money We stayed at the hotel for four nights. The room and other areas were _really_ clean. Beds were good and the staff was nice. Facilities included all you will need, but nothing beyond that, e.g. there were no decent bar in the hotel. Although, there are plenty of them near hotel. The breakfast was something you would expect from a decent hotel. U-bahn station was just a block away, so it's easy to getting around. Friedrichhain is a nice neighbourhood if you don't mind some ugly buildings occupied by squatters and graffities all over the places. As said there are lot of bars, restaurants and small shops just few blocks from the hotel. It was really value for money.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>KamaLinn
<Content>Good deal! We stayed at the hotel in June. It was hard to find from the directions online, but when we finally did get there, it was very close to the metro station. It wasn't in a great neighborhood (there was an abandoned park nearby with some homeless people living in it), lots of graffiti, etc. The hotel was very clean. There was no flat sheet on the bed (which we found was common), but it looked like they wash the cover often. The double bed was 2 twins pushed together (also common). The TV had 2 English channels, MTV and CNN. There was free internet in the lobby, which we thought was great! The staff was helpful and spoke english well. There was an elevator. Breakfast was really good. There was an assortment of breads, meat, cheese, cereal, yogurt, juice, fruit, hot drinks and was buffet style. The bedroom was larger than expected. The windows opened out to the street below, but we closed them at night and had no problem with noise. The bathroom was really clean and nice. It was modernly decorated and looked really nice. Overall, we thought the hotel was really good and well worth the price we paid.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ronniesut
<Content>Small, Friendly and Good Value for money hotel       Church on Kurfurstendam  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dgjohnson
<Content>Great Hotel Excellent Hotel and great value for money. The hotel is situated in walking distance from the excellent efficient Underground system (Uberground), and we had no problem in getting around Berlin at all. The hotel was clean, had friendly staff and also had very good rooms. Breakfast was fine and the hotel is located in walking distance of many bars.However, the only downside is that it is in a very run down area where graffitti rules. The hotel itself is all clean on the outside, but the remaining buildings are very vandalised with paint cans. However this is East Berlin and it seems to be normal, but you would be paying a lot more to stay in West Berlin.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>christie_nickie
<Content>Cheap  We booked a twin bed room in this hotel through an internet travel agency about three months before our stay.The hotel can be easily located from U-Bahn stop of Samariterstasse which is in about 5 minutes walking distance.The room was unfortunately a big disappointment as there were two beds in the room but not even side by side. Since we are a young couple and this was meant to be an anniversary trip, it can be easily understood that the room was inconvenient. Anyway, we didn't complain to the reception as we worked it out by ourselves.The receptionists were friendly and helpfull when they could understand us since their english was quite poor.The truth is that compared to its cost it was good and clean.Everyday we had our towels changed but not our sheets, and the bathroom was really big in relation to the room.Breakfast was as described hot bouffet and was more than adequate.The period we stayed the hotel was full and almost all residents were germans which made us feel good in the sense that locals chose this hotel for their Berlin weekend and they know better....LA PALMA was really nice and I also recommend it!!!(You can find its delivery menu with all address details in a stand across the reception desk).Overall, we loved Berlin and we will try to visit again. Next time we will make the reservation directly with the hotel!!!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	2	4	2	

<Author>jetsetter59
<Content>Good Value This hotel is very easy to find once you master the underground system. We took Ryanair to Berlin and caught the train Frankfurter allee. It is in the East Part of Berlin although cheaper than it western counterparts this hotel was clean and the breakfast plentiful hot and cold eat as much as you want. I did have to ask for an extra pillow but there was no problem. Close to a small shopping and eating area and the Central of Berlin is accessible. Go at Christmas time the lights in Berlin are fantastic and it's great for history. We went on a free walkabout from the Berlin gates for 3 hours. Even their train stations are done up in fairy lights! Families go out in the evening and enjoy xmas fairs and rides and plenty of mull wine! I went up the televsion sky tower in Berlin which has a resturant revolving and it was great. Their transport system runs via numbers so once you get use to it it's easy. Would def go back there.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>alg555
<Content>Good Hotel We stayed at the Agon for 3 nights in March 2007. The hotel was very clean with friendly staff and a good breakfast. The surrounding area does have a lot of graffiti but we felt very safe and as the U5 Samariterstrasse train station is only 200m away, the hotel becomes very convenient to get around Berlin. I would recommend obtaining the Berlin Welcome Card (areas ABC), which gives unlimited use of the trains, buses, trams and discounts to most tourist sites including Potsdam. Use the 100 or 200 bus which takes you around most of the tourist sites in Mitte. We followed a previous recommendation on Trip Advisor and ate at the La Palma Italian restaurant which is approx 200m away from the hotel (turn left then left again across the traffic lights then up on the left), the food was excellent. I would highly recommend Berlin and this hotel for a short break.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>dvdagp
<Content>Loved Agon Frankfurter Allee The hotel is really woth it. We booked a double room and a three-bed room. The only problem we found was the small pillows. Everything else was simply perfect! Guests also have free internet access in reception. Staff friendly and continental breakfast really good. Hotel 200-300m away from the underground.We arrived to Schoenefeld Airport and went to the hotel with no problems thanks to the fantastic public transport. We recommend the Kleingruppekarte (ticket for small groups), which costs 鈧?5/day and allows a group of up to 5 people to use all kind of public transport. It is worth it when there are 3 of you or more. If not, just get the Tageskarte (ticket for a day), which costs 鈧?/day/person.Eating out: there are some excellent places very near the hotel. We would recommend: 1) Restaurant Toscana, in Frankfurter Allee (fantastic atmosphere and food); 2) Restaurant La Palma (on Voigtstrasse, just off Frankfurter Allee); 3) Leander, just around the corner (come out of the hotel, turn left and then immediately to the right. Its about 50 yard on the left). Excellent beer and traditional German food but don鈥檛 expect an English menu.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scallywag-7
<Content>great service and vfm stayed at the hotel for three nights and found the hotel to be great value for money. rooms very clean,great ensuite.hotel is a five minute walk to tube station and train takes ten minutes or so to get to some great bars.day ticket on train great value.will certainly visit again because there is so much to see and do and will stay at the agon again many thanks  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meadowside
<Content>Plain and Simple       The hotel entrance, facing into the courtyard  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmcateer
<Content>Excellent Stayed here for my first trip to Berlin with my wife and 3 year old son Ben. Hard to find any faults. Arrived late at night so it was not until next morning that I realised just how clean and spotless rooms were. NHS cleaners should be sent here for lessons. Breakfast was magnificant for continental buffet. Staff were extremly pleasant and very child friendly. Location excellent. Only fault I could find was the pillows were a bit thin for my liking but after a day walking around Berlin I had no trouble sleeping. Excellent value  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>villasis
<Content>location from brussels me and my friends stayed in this hotel for 3 nights,again its better than the 2 hotels we stayed(amsterdambrussels)location is accessible by underground 2 minutes walk ,breakfast was excellent,quite environment,clean environment,internet free,aproachable/helpful reception staff,again we had 3 single beds in 1 room,bathroom was spacious,enough water from shower,3 heater good for 1 room well lighted room,really enjoyed our stay in this hotel,absolutely deserved to be recommended to other tourist,no bad experience at all  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>joshbash
<Content>Agon Frankfurter All was a great deal I found this hotel to be very clean and nice. Also, stayed with my 14 year old and he enjoyed. It's definitely not luxurious.It's about 5 U-Baahn stps from alexanderplatz, but you pretty much need mass transport to go anywhere in Berlin and the trains are clean, comfortable, are on time and run often.Breakfast was very good.You can't beat the price for what you get, although I think Berlin room rates are lower than most of Europe.Nearby is the East Side Gallery Graffiti wall. The Turkish neighborhood in Kreuzberg across the river is quite interesting. Of course, near the old Berlin wall, there's lots to do and that's only about 15 minutes away by U-Bahn.Berlin is a wonderful, interesting city, perhaps the most in Europe of the 20th Century. It's growing now very nicely.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>PollyMazzie
<Content>Basic Nothing Special I am just back from a visit to Berlin. The city of Berlin is a lovely place to see and I would go back again someday but not to Hotel Agon Frankfurter Allee. I went with my husband and arrived in Schofeld Airport on Saturday 11th Novenber 2006. We decided to get the Train as we felt this would be the closest stop to our destination. The thing to be aware of is that the hotel is in the east of germany and so things there are basic. You will know the difference straight away when you travel to the west. The train station is about five minutes walk from the airport and you just have to follow the crowd, very easy to find it is sign posted in the airport. The train tickets are cheap. You can buya day trip ticket for about 5 to 6 euro per person and it is well worth it. if you want to stay around the city a and b are ok but if you want to travel further then buy a ticket for districts a, b and c. The hotel is basic. I was very disappointed with the false advertising. The hot breakfast is hard bolied eggs and sausages one day and hard boiled eggs and scrambled eggs another day. They do supply a cold buffet and you will manage on that but it's not too exciting. There is no food available in the hotel other than breakfast. The reception desk is a section of the bar. It is really small and there is very little room for a number of guests to sit and enjoy a drink. No tea and coffee facilities in the bedrooms at all. There were two single beds pushed together to make a double and the mattresses are made of foam. If you have a back problem like me you will be in pain I can assure you of that. The temperature in the bedroom is always kept very warm so you will not be complaining of the cold in the room. Most of the staff are friendly and they will order a taxi if you need it. Another thing to be very aware of is that the hotel is stated to be in quiet residential area. The area is rough and you will be very aware of that when you get there. The picture of the hotel on the web site looks lovely. The bedroom on the web site is far from what you will be staying in when you get there. It just does not compair with reality. You have to go off the street through an arch way to find the front door of the hotel. On the street it is filthy everywhere. I would advise you to eat before you go back to the hotel at night instead of going back out to look for a restaurant. In the city you will find many nice places to eat. But closer to the hotel they are not so plentyful. I feel the hotel is certainly not a three staras advertised. I would suggest staying in west side instead. If you do the city trip for 20 euros per person you will see Checkpoint Charlie where you can get your passport stamped for 2 euros. You can also have your photo taken with USA soldiers at checkpoint Charlie for 1euro. Go to Subway opposite Checkpoint Charlie to eat. You can get Pizza or Pasta dishes all fro only 3euros. For those of you who like shopping. Go to the Galeria at Alexanderplaz, it is a huge and wonderful department store, just amazing I promise you. You will see it when you come out of the train station. C and A is also there too. I hope what I have written helps. After all this Berlin is a city we will certainly visit soon again. Pauline  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>royahassett
<Content>Great value hotel in a great value city. My wife and I returned yesterday from an excellent 4 day trip to this fine hotel and city. My wife was a bit dubious when she heard the price of a one night stay, thinking it would be cheap and nasty. 鈧?54 - 3 nights! Meanwhile I had faith in the comments from fellow members, most of whom had nothing particulary bad to say. My wife was more than happy with everything about the hotel and location, thank god!We had a room at the front of the hotel which was a decent size, spotlessly clean and also quiet. The local s-bahn station was quite rightly as said before about 200 yards away. From here Berlin is really accessable and quite easy to commute around. We managed to master the u-bah and s-bahn systems but didn't really have time to work out the trams  buses, maybe next time. We found Berlin to be the most reasonably priced capital city we have been to and will certainly be back next year as you can't see it all in 4 days.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>GotTheTravellingBug
<Content>Excellent value for money This place is great value for money! Very clean room  bathroom if a little on the small side - read some if the reviews on this website and the rooms do seem to vary massively in size!!The photos on the website are a little deceptive, I was shocked when I saw the size of our double room - it was quite small! (As with most German hotels, maybe it's even a continental thing, it was 2 single beds pushed together!) I asked at reception for a double bed but no success. Still, for what I paid it was a great little find! Good location - we stayed in Friedrichshain as I have family there, short walk to the nearest subway station and from there the world is your oyster! I loved Karl-Marx-Allee. Don't be intimidated by the area, there is grafitti everywhere. We walked absolutely everywhere at all times, day or middle of the night and didn't have a single problem! Very helpful staff, great breakfast room (we missed brekkie every morning so can't comment on the food, sorry), free internet access in reception (which is tiny by the way), don't recommend the bar as it's in reception!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bazzer99
<Content>Great base for exploring \berlin Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Agon Frankfurter Allee. Good clean comfortable Hotel with friendly english speaking staff. We got there early, 11am, expecting to just drop our case in the luggage room but, to our surprise, they had a room available straight away. Good location for exploring Berlin - Samariterstrasse tube station literally less the 200 yards away. Taxi from Tegel airport approx 30-35 mins - 20 - 25鈧? Plenty of reasonably priced good quality eateries nearby.Definitely worthwhile and great value. They even have a free internet terminal in reception!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>upgrade1st
<Content>Great value hotel  Just got back yesterday from 4 days in Berlin, having read all the other reviews on the city and the Hotel Agon before our trip.Public transport in Berlin is superb, easy once you know how and extremely clean, we flew into Berlin Schonefelde from Glasgow, further out of town than the other 2, Tegel  Templehof, but well served by train or bus. We went by train to Alexanderplatz then on the U-Bahn (subway ) to the stop Samaritserstrasse which is just around the corner from Hotel Agon.Our room was large and airy with en suite shower/loo, the reception staff spoke English and were very helpful in giving directions. Ask them for a map of the local area ( Friedrichshain) so you can check out your surroundings. The street lighting is very very DIM! However the area is quite safe. You are in the old East Berlin, tree-lined streets, lots of nice restaurants and bars, and just across Frankfurter Allee is the Plaza Passage....not quite a Mall but several nice restaurants (Italian Toscana is very good) and some pretty shops. I had read a recommendation of Bar Sando which is in Proskauer Strasse...nice cocktails and excellent food too!  I would say there is an awful lot to see in and around Berlin...the City Bus Tour is good value for money and we also went to Potsdam ( on the train) which is a lovely town with Schloss Sans Souci as the highlight. Buy/borrow a guide book before your trip and if its a short visit like ours do your homework before you go!Finally as they say when raising a glass...Prosit!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrWig
<Content>Great value in an area with good amenities We stayed 3 nights for a wedding anniversary trip after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. Hotel appears new, modern and clean. Our room was fine (no. 400 twin beds pushed together, even though listed as a double) - if a little plain, with comfy beds, hot powerful showers. Free internet access in reception is useful for researching sights, checking e mail etc. We arrived after 10pm and asked reception about the best place to head for something to eat. We were given a map of the local area and directed toward Simon Dach str (just head out of the hotel, cross the road and turn left along Kinzigstr. When you come to the busy crossroads go diagonally onto Grunberger Str and you will come to it - about 10 - 15 minutes walk). There are loads of good value restaurants, cafe bars, and corner shops for your bottle of wine to take back to the room! You've got to try a kebab - not greasy like in the UK, lovely salad and sauce. Breakfast is usual continental standard - cereals, rolls, continental cheeses and meats and is served until10am which means we had a nice lie in each morning.All reception staff we encountered were really helpful, English speaking and pleasant. There is a left luggage room which is a bonus if you have a later flight back.Overall I would recommend you stay in this hotel for its location to local amenities (underground station 3 mins walk, and aforementioned places to eat/drink ) and for its great value rooms and service, but its not for you if you like a picturesque stroll of a night as the street lights are dim and there is a lot of graffiti (althougth not as much as Rome).A final note on transfer from Shoenfeld Airport - if you do use the trains and U Bahn (underground) when you get off U line 5, exit in the direction of Kinzigstr. and Colbestr and then turn into Kinzigsrt. at the junction with Schamweberstr. turn left and you will be 10 mtrs from the hotel entrance. We used German Transfers for a return taxi to the airport (approx 40 mins each way) cost 46 euros.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Mel_Mike
<Content>Average After reading the reviews on trip advisor i was looking forward to staying at this hotel. On arrival the hotel was easy to find, just 3 mins walk to the tube station. Very efficient staff at reception, gave us the key to our room. The room was very small but very clean. It stated all room had mini bars but we did not, we had room 106 and appeared fine, however we were over the courtyard (the back of the hotel) early hours of the morning we were woken every night by screaming drunk students who rolled in after a night out. This hotel is a non smoking hotel and eveyone wishing to smoke uses the courtyard right outside our bedroom window. The hotel was full of students and school trips, one night we had to unpolug the phone as we were getting hoax calls all through the night. The room is also next to the stair well so that was constanly banging on our wall. My friend and I are both in our mid twenties and like a drink but the students were very annoying and put me off of writing a good review.Maybe it wasw partly our fault as we could have asked to change rooms however we were only there for 3 nights. Good location and very good breakfast buffet, but wouldnt reccommend unless you are a deep sleeper. REccommend a trip to the concerntration cam to sashenhausen!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ooooooo
<Content>Allee ist gut! Hotel Frankfurter Allee (surprisingly not on Frankfurter Allee!) is a well run, clean, economically-priced and pleasant place to stay. It has charm and character and most of the staff are very friendly.The bar (which doubles as a reception area) is a disappointment, though.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	3	4	4	

<Author>carrickbeg
<Content>Clean and modern       Me and the chocolate bear at KaDeWa  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>tal1981
<Content>Great choice for Berlin The staff is very friendly and helpful (no problem with English speaking there). There's free Internet (one station only) near the reception - very helpful (tip: the PC is usually free at night).The location is good - about 200 meters to a U-bahn station to Alexander Platz (5-10 minute ride).Although the hotel isn't in the beating heart of the city - it felt close enough and it didn't bother me. At night - the street might be a bit too dark - but I didn't feel threatened. There are several groceries, Burger King, etc' near the hotel.Breakfast is just fine - fruit, juice, milk, cornflakes, 3 different types of bread, cheese, etc'The room (mine had a single bed) is excellent - clean, TV, bathroom, all good and shiny.This hotel is indeed great value for money.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Arctophile28
<Content>Excellent value, good location I took my great-nephew as a treat to celebrate his 18th (I am slightly older at 50!). We both had a great time and found this hotel to be clean, comfortable and friendly. Excellent choices at breakfast and good service. We stayed for 4 nights and the secret we wished we'd found sooner is that there are lots of great restaurants and bars very nearby - although the only noise we heard whilst at the hotel were some English stag party celebrators who were singing in the courtyard. Take the advice of the hotel reception staff on where to go - the nearby restaurants and bars rival any in European holiday resorts. One word of warning - expect graffitti (though none at the hotel). Its everywhere in the east and some in the west and initially is quite shocking but if you are interested there is a history to it. We walked around at night and always felt completely safe. Go and enjoy!!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>big-murdo
<Content>Great hotel, Great city, Great holiday A wonderful four days was capped nicely by staying at this lovely hotel based in the east of Berlin, which was only a few minutes walk from the U-Bahn which took you to Alexanderplatz in the city centre.A very clean and well run hotel with pleasant staff, providing a superb traditional European breakfast between 7 and 10 in the morning. For the price that we paid, this must come close to the best hotel that we have stayed at. No problems at all.Berlin goes down as the most interesting city that I have visited with obviously a lot of history on show, however it is extremely modern with most of the buildings straight out of the wrapper.For a piece of historical interest, go to Sachsenhausen concentration camp which is north of Berlin in a town called Orangieburg, about 25 minutes on the S-Bahn.Berlin and the hotel both get 10 out of 10.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>tykes03
<Content>Fantastic budget place to stay! This hotel was fantastic! within walking distance of the U-bahn underground system on which you can get anywhere and everywhere in Berlin and is also cheap to ride.The hotel was comfortable, extremely clean, very friendly and the breakfast was more than adequate. And remember, why go away to spend all of your time in a luxury hotel!! Get out and about and see the sights!The area around the hotel is quieter by night but at no time did we feel threatened as the hotel was a 2 minute walk from the station and therefore you had no reason to wander the streets.Through the day the area is pleasant and has a small shopping centre (the Ring Center) about a five minutes walk away next to the Frankfurter Allee station (this is a different station to the one nearer the hotel). In this area there is also a selection of small food outlets well worth a try! Cheap too.Our trip to Berlin was for the Love Parade which was absolutely fantastic and would recommend to everyone young and old. The overall trip was excellent and we would definitely go back and stay in the same hotel everytime!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>amelda marcus
<Content>Want to keep this one a secret For value for money this is without doubt one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. My husband asked me not to write a review but to keep this one a secret. My whole experience of Berlin was fantastic. First class hotel, first class people and first class city. I hope it does not get ruined like a lot of the other cities with the stag and hen parties.The hotel is all the other reviews said and the area is fine. I never felt threathened or unsafe anywhere. In fact after Barcelona and Rome where everyone warned us about the thieves and we were always worried about something happening, Berlin was very relaxed and safe.Make sure you have your ticket for the underground. The inspectors wear plain clothes and were on the trains all the time. There is an instant 40 euro fine. A 72 hour pass costs 19 euro 90 cent and that gives you unlimited travel on trains, buses, trams and underground and these can be purchased in the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very positive experience We had a very nice stay at this hotel. After reading the other reviews, I had some concerns about the area, but found the area to be perfectly fine. For the money, the hotel was a great value. Our room was large and clean, and breakfast was very good. The staff was helpful in directing us. Unless you are a traveler who needs to have all the main sights right outside your door, the location is great. It's just a few minute walk to the U-Bahn stop and easy access to all the major sights.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mot29
<Content>Very nice, great price The Agon Frankfurter-Allee is an all around great deal. Comfortable, but small rooms, clean, excellent continental breakfast, very friendly staff, easily accessed by the u-bahn, lots of reasonably priced restaurants within a short walk.The neighborhood looks a bit dicey with all the graffiti, but that seems to be what much of the former east looks like.I'd definitely stay again, and the prices -- 2 nights @75 Euros and 2 nights @45 Euros were great. Plus, book online and you get a 5% discount. My room was on the 4th floor on the courtyard side of the building and most evenings late I was able to snag a wi-fi signal from the neighborhood.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wood-burners
<Content>Great Hotel Just got back from 4 nights in Berlin staying at the Frankfurter Allee mainly as a result of the excellent (mainly) feedback on Tripadvisor and the price compared to other hotels.Without repeating too much what the majority of visitors to this hotel seem to think, our impressions having stayed in many cities and small towns in Germany over the last few years, of this hotel can only be described as very favourable.Could not fault the hotel,room,staff,breakfast,price and overall stay...full marks.Would we stay there again?....Probably not.....the area is by no means the best. I have never seen so much graffitti anywhere (even Venice).There are drunks and winos all over the place and although we had no direct contact with them...it was not the environment I would want to holiday in with my wife and 12 year old child and sometimes you dont always want to travel again for your evening meal after being out all day. The whole area around the hotel ( we walked round quite a bit) was pretty grim and you really need to travel in to the city to eat in a nice environment.Having said all this....the overall atmosphere around Berlin and traveling on the u-bahn at night was a lot less threatening than you would find in an equivalent size English city.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel could do with a few improvements stayed at the hotel for four nights in may rooms very clean but could do with a coat of paint and some pictures on the wall.Buffet breakfast was excellent plenty on offer to suit all tastes. the area was quiet and although there was a lot of grafitti on the walls we felt perfectly safe to walk around both day and night. The two minute walk to the u-ban was a godsend only six minutes to the town centre and links to other locations in Berlin. Excellent value for money would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>chickencurry007
<Content>Outstanding value in a great location I agree with the traveller from Durham, NC. This hotel is great. I did have a slight problem finding it, but the Durham, NC directions are spot-on. This hotel is modern, clean and the breakfast buffet was one of the best I've had travelling. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bedroom or broom cupboard? Having read the reports on this website we were expecting the twin bed situation in place of the usual double bed. What we didn't expect was a tiny room with the beds laid end to end! The placement of the rest of the furniture in the room (all screwed into the wall and floor) meant we could not rearrange the room and only just managed to get the beds in side by side (but without access to the wardrobe). We complained at Reception and were greeted with a decidely frosty response and informed that their was nothing they could do and the reason our room was so small was because we had booked through Expedia and not directly with the hotel. As this was a part of a birthday trip for my partner, you can imagine how angry we were at being treated as second class citizens! At least the buffet was nice!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value in Berlin Just returned from a four night stay at Agon Frankfurter Allee. I was very pleased and would recommend the hotel to most travellers. For the price the accommodations were excellent. Everything was new and spotlessly clean. The room was basic but had more furnishings than most European budget hotels. The bathroom was extremely nice and typical of a more expensive room. All rooms have only showers; the sink had surrounding surface area and shelves above. (Bring facial tissues and bar soap if you require them, as only liquid soap is provided.) Don't be put off by the location. It is perfectly safe and convienient to all parts of the city, given the superb public transportation system. On finding the hotel (as previous instructions can be misinterpreted): as you take U-Bahn from Alexanderplatz, exit train to right, at end of platform take exit to right, at top you will be 30-40 feet from corner of Frankfurter Allee and Kinzigstrasse, turn right on Kinzigstrasse, at end of block turn left, hotel is 1/2 way down on left side of this street. Only a 5 minute walk. Staff friendly, breakfast buffet has a wide selection. All in all, a wise choice. I've been to Berlin several times and have paid three times as much for a fancier, but not necessarily better, room.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Great Choice       My Huge Room  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent value for money This hotels offers excellent value for money. The room was very new and clean, the shower was comfortable, breakfast was very good and the people were friendly. With the underground just around the corner Alexanderplatz is only 5-10 minutes away. It's a good place when you're travelling alone: you'll always find a table at breakfast and there's (German) papers to read with it. Joost.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A surprise in East Berlin This hotel is situated five metro stops from Alexanderplatz at Samariterstrasse in East Berlin. The area is not smart but appears to be developing. The streets leading off Frankfurterallee are a little gloomy but not threatening. The hotel is situated about a block from the U-bahn and is smartly painted and newly renovated. Our room was in an annexe of four across a small courtyard from the main building and was very quiet. The reception staff, with the exception of one girl who was unfriendly and unsmiling, were pleasant and helpful. The room was a good size and well furnished with a bright modern bathroom with good quality fittings. Breakfast was generous and good quality and we appreciated the free Internet access min the foyer. We stayed at the hotel for five nights in late February 2006 and for E55 per night including breakfast we felt it was very good value and would stay here again. We discovered this hotel through Trip Advisor which we found to be a brilliant resource for booking 9 hotels on our 5-week trip through Europe. We weren't disappointed with any of our choices and we felt we got excellent value everywhere.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Celotajs
<Content>Great for the price! We have been travelling from Canada to Europe a lot lately (Dublin, London, Riga, Paris and Berlin in the last 8 months), and this is the best hotel we have stayed at so far for the price.While the neighbourhood is still fairly East Berlin circa 1990, the location one block from the U-bahn (subway) is really convenient to get anywhere in Berlin.Our room was big, contemporary and clean, with nice thick walls (we had quite thin ones in Paris). We never ran out of hot water for showers and the bathroom floor was heated. The continental breakfast buffet was great and available until 10:00, and included hot scrambled and boiled eggs in addition to the usual cereal, breads, meats and cheeses.If you had to rent a hair dryer before, now you can just borrow one for a 10 EUR deposit, which you get back when you return the dryer.I have one caveat about which Trip Advisor warned us before we went: double beds are two twins pushed together. While we made out OK with some slippage, if the beds had to be two twins together, it would have been nice to have a queen mattress cover and fitted sheet over both. We had this in Dublin and it worked great.I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Leeson41
<Content>Great Hotel I concurr with everything the traveller from Wells, Somerset has written. My husband and I and two friends stayed in this great hotel for 4 nights. The staff are friendly, welcoming and helpful and the hotel comfortable and clean. We had rooms on the 4th floor that were spacious and warm.The transport system in Berlin must be the best in the world, so efficient, clean and runs on time. So it is very easy to catch the U-Bahn at Samariterstrasse, just around the corner from hotel and onto the S-Bahn at Alexandraplatz. Incidentally if you get off the U-Bahn at Frankfurter Tor - you can walk down Karl Marx Allee and see all the wonderful building as you head back toward the hotel.There is a wonderful indoor shopping mall at Frankfurter Allee U-bahn station - don't miss it!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Hotel in Berlin Having read the various views on trip advisor and expedias website we where pretty confident that this Hotel was going to be better than average! and wasn't it just! excellent large clean room with decoration that cannot be more than a year old, bathroom spacious with a shower only (great for us!). Just to confirm it is two beds pushed together so not idea for honeymoon couples if you know what I mean!!Our major concern looking at the maps of Berlin was that the Hotel seemed to be a fair way out (1km from Alexanderplatz) fortunately the Germans have an excellent 鈥?(like really excellent) public transport system we used the Samariterstrasse U-Bahn Station 3-5mins walk around the corner from the hotel (use this station when you arrive as well), then on the U-Bahn only at the most 10mins from Alexander Platz, Potsdammer Platz etc.. also this hotel is on the right side of Berlin if you are planning on arriving at Schonefeld Airport.Various other reviews had mentioned that there was a lot of graphitti in the area if this is the case then they must have had their eyes shut walking around the rest of Berlin 鈥?Berlin is plastered with the stuff but most of it is none offensive and really quite creative so get used to it鈥?saying that all the public places and transportation system is graphitti free which leads to a pleasant travelling environment.Breakfast was very German/Dutch cold ham, bread and cheese. Though they did also have cereal scrambled eggs and hard boiled eggs. Its not table service at breakfast so don鈥檛 sit there like a lemon waiting for someone to offer tea or coffee 鈥?it wont happen. Again excellent choice for a hotel at this price.Eating out: there some excellent little place very near the hotel we would recommend Leander just around the corner (come out of the hotel turn left then immediately right its about 50 yard on the left) excellent beer and traditional German food (don鈥檛 expect an English menu).All in All excellent would I stay again YES!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dudek1
<Content>Great place to stay I can't believe some of the earlier complaints people have made about this hotel.Personally for the price (300 Euros for 3 nights BB for a double room)it was an absolute bargain. It was spotlessly clean,the buffet breakfast was great,the staff were really helpful and nothing wrong with the free internet access in the foyer either! Only a couple of minutes walk from the U-Bahn,close to some good reataurants(particularly the Thai one in the Plaza on Frankfurter Allee,and a few decent bars with cheap beer mean that you don't need to go into the centre at night if you don't feel up to it(and after 3 days of us walking around in the snow we didn't!. We'd recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little gem! Me and my friend, both students, chose to stay at the Frankfurter allee after looking for a cheap deal. After easily using the U Bahns to get to Samariterstrasse station (take the U5 from Alexanderplatz) when you get off turn right then at the top of the steps turn right again, its the quickest exit!!!!!Then turn back on yourself, go past the video centre and turn left, there it is!We struggled to find it for 5 mins, so hope they help! The hotel itself is comfortable and clean. Our room was larger than expected, had 3 made beds (we booked a double room!) but one of which was a double bed. the beds were comfortable and the room had everything we needed and was nice and warm, good considering the outside temperature! A nice clean, huge bathroom was also a bonus. We booked and got a non smoking room, which we were glad of, after reading some of the previous comments. The staff were helpful but we didnt see them much. Breakfast was also good, a good selection of cold meats, bread, fruit and cereals. The area around the hotel is good, only 5 station stops from the centre, more local with shops slightly cheaper and yet there are still some cools bars (lounge 11) and cute little restauraunts alsongside local pubs if you fancy it. The main areas we explored were alexanderplatz, Haschescher Markt, Potzdamerplatz and Zoologischer Garten. All great! Definately recommend the insider tour walk of the city, half a day tour of the main tourist sights gets them all done quickly and in detail of youre not staying long, great guides, really informative and helpful, they meet outside AMPM at the Haschescher Markt Station around 10.30 everyday i think. Also meeting there is a 3 times a week pub crawl which we definately recommend! Met some great people and get out of the touristy bar scene a little, good experience, and alcohol included in the price, the guides also just as up for it as the tourists! If you are planning on going out, heres a tip - don't get dressed up much, Berlin is a laid back city and no-one was dressed up in more than jeans in all bars and clubs. Also highly recommended is a trip up the TV tower!Although costing 7.50, definatly worth it, sit in the revolving restauraunt for a drink! Amazing! Visit Zoologisher Garten for some shopping, especially KaDeWe (aka German selfridges)buy some cake on the 6th floor - HEAVEN!!! Also a great Italian restauraunt called Ferri's next to the Levi's shop i think - good value and tasty. At Potzdamer Platz visit the Sony Centre and the Austrailian restauraunt - again very tasty and good value. All in all food is relatively cheap in Germany, however drinks expensive. For those looking for familiarity, the Hard Rock Cafe at Zoologisher Garten is easy enough to find and has entertainment every wednesday with food slightly cheaper. Definately buy a travel ticket, the public transport is great, runs into the night (however not through the night, like we were told!) and turns up exactly on time and is very regular! Taxis are also much cheaper than your average. All in all Berlin is a great city, and the Frankfurter allee is a good choice, although off the beaten track, easy and quick to get to and even in a taxi from main attractions cost no more than 15 Euros. Would definately stay again, a great base for a city break, accessible, comfortable and in a cool little area.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jane22
<Content>Clean and Basic My boyfriend and i stayed at Hotel Agon for three nights at the end of January. The hotel put me in mind of a travel lodge, or a Howard Johnson chain hotel. It definately served its purpose, somewhere to sleep and have a shower. The bedding and bathroom were both sparkling clean. The room was warm, and included bedside lockers, a desk with a TV, and a wardrobe. So, if you are literally having 40 winks, and then out for a day of sightseeing its fine. Breakfast was served from 7am till 10am. Lots to choose from including; breads, cheeses, cold meats, scrambled egg, boiled egg, cereal, chocolate cake, chocolate custard, yoghurt, fresh fruit, the list goes on!Truly a great selection and very filling. Now here are the more negative points...The hotel is in the East of the city, and the surrounding neighbourhood is pretty grim. Lots of grafitti, lots of dog dirt, you get the idea. There really wasn't much of an atmosphere if you wanted to go out in the evening.The hotel 'bar' consists of about 6 barside stools. The area beyond this is the breakfast area, which is not opened at night. So, if you think you will get to know other guests at the hotel, your wrong, as no one was ever at the bar the entire time we stayed! I think they have a couple of beers on tap and a few bottles of wine etc, its by no means fully stocked.Finally, and this is my biggest complaint, they do not appear to have double beds. We booked a double room aprox three months in advance and arrived to discover two singles pushed together. There wasn't even a double duvet, just two singles! This was ok for a nights sleep, but if you have a romantic break in mind i would definately pass! On inspection of the photographs on the website, we discovered a chair had been cleverly placed at an angle to cover the join of the two beds. I think this is a pretty sneaky technique, and in my opinion suggested that the hotel knew their bed arrangements were not quite up to scratch.The smoking versus non smoking rooms as a lot of people have discussed, does seem to be a problem. We booked requesting smoking. Rang to confirm closer to our departure and was told unfortunately only non smoking was available. Arrived, and low and behold an ashtray in the room! So it's really hit or miss! If you are a non smoker good luck!!All in all, it's a good budget hotel. Close to the U bahn, all major attractions can be reached easily. We bought the day ticket for about 5 euro each and so could zip back and forth across the city all day. The staff at the hotel are friendly and helpful, and will give u a map, and hightlight directions on it to wherever you want to go in the local neighbourhood.Good value for money on the whole.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>emmkay
<Content>reasonable hotel Read some great reviews on this site and found a reasonable deal on expedia so booked our 3 night stay between christmas and new year about 3 months in advance. Now this is my second trip to berlin and one of my great loves is the S-Bahn and the views you get travelling from A to B, unfortunately it's underground to get to this hotel but that's okay, they are quick (about 10 minutes or so to one of the more central stations) and only 3 minutes or so from the hotel, if you come out the correct exit (unlike us). Hotel itself was relatively easy to find, we had to ask directions on Samariter Str because it was night time, we had cases and we were in a blizzard! Check in was straightforward and the room was large, 2 windows that open properly over the main street below, en suite bathroom, we were on the top floor, unfortunately we qickly realised this was a non-smoking room, no ashtrays, no tell tale smell of smoke Uh-oh. Both me and my partner smoke so a quick call down to reception and it was confirmed, we had a non-smoking room and apparently couldn't be moved, we were told we could smoke at the bar.Yes you have to 'rent' a hairdryer, not the best hairdryer either, probably cost less than 10 euros to replace it. Breakfast was fine, we had it included in our hotel costs and there was more than enough choice, my only complaint would be the bread rolls, normally one of the best things about german hotels, these ones were pretty nasty and the fresh orange tasted like it was a powder mixed with water concoction.Good points, the hotel was new and clean, the staff were friendly, free internet in the bar, it was toasty warm indoors (you can control your own level of heat in the bedrooms with standard radiators), fully functioning windows (always a favourite of mine) and BBC world and CNN on the television. Handy to have a bar downstairs, especially for those of us given the wrong room!I would recommend it to a friend though and if I ever give up smoking I would probably go back!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cb0079
<Content>Rooms vary largely Encouraged by the positive reviews posted earlier and the room rate of EUR 54 per night on accomline, I have booked the Agon Frankfurter Allee for a three night stay from 30th Dec'05 to 2nd Jan'06. On the booking website, you could choose between twin and double room and we choose a double. However, we were given a twin room instead. When I asked the hotel staff, they said that they never distinguish between double and twin bookings and just assign rooms for two persons. They also don't care about smoking and non-smoking requests. Even the room they claimed to be a non-smoking had a strong smell of smoke which is no wonder since there wasn't any sign indicating that this should be a non-smoking. Since we insisted on a double room (instead of the twin given), we were moved after the first night. You should know that even their double rooms have two separate beds which are just put together. The rooms vary greatly in size and layout. The blanket and pillows were so thin that even putting the radiator to maximum, we were freezing the whole night and caught a flu (the temperatures outside were below zero degrees centigrade). Another problem was the security of the hotel. Since the entrance was half a floor higher than the reception, you could just walk in and take the elevator to the guest floors without passing at the reception. There were also no in-room safes available. In the showerroom, there was no hairdryer provided and it took me a day until I found out that you could borrow one at reception. However, you will need to place a 10 EUR deposit. The hotel was mostly frequented by travellers in their twenties from all over the world which added to the atmosphere being a bit hostel-like. One nice touch should be mentioned: There is an internet-computer available near the reception which can be used free of charge by hotel guests.The location is not so central. You will always need a subway (station is nearby) which takes at least 15 minutes to bring you to Alexanderplatz. For those unfamiliar with the Berlin subway system: It is quite complicated. Trains appear dirty and I didn't feel really safe at night. However, since the attractions are spread out widely, you will have difficulties to avoid it anyway. A few nice restaurants (my recommendation: a Thai restaurant called Lemongrass) can be reached within a few minutes of walking around the hotel. Overall, the hotel is ok for a short city trip, but don't expect anything comfortable as some other reviews suggest. The saying: You get what you paid for holds true: Clean and relatively new, but standard budget accommodation.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>irishvisit0r_
<Content>Have to disagree somewhat Just to balanace the previous reviews which have all been great i have some negative points .I stayed there recently -I had booked a twin room over 3 months before hand .One of the reviewers mentioned their single room was a bit cell like, well i wonder whether they had just added a second bed in the single room !It was about 2.5 to 3 metres wide and then the length of 2 single beds long -i suppose about 5 -6 metres long . Bigger than a cabin but sort of the same feeling The beds were along the side of the wall so careful positioning needed to avoid sleeping with room mates feet wafting into my face. Nice The duvets were very thin but there was good heat in the room so they were sufficient except I was by the radiator and my room mate was furthest away so a bit of messing with keeping it warm /cool enough over the stay. The pillow was like a smaller sheet of the duvet which you folded up to bulk up -didnt bother me but if you are a fluffy pillow person you may be dissappointed . We asked for non smoking but it didnt seem to be one -ashtray in the room and smell of smoke every morning from the corridor. The other problem I had was I found it quite loud - I couldnt hear anything form the rooms beside us but the noise from the corridor reminded me of a hostel-i dont think the people were very loud just general noise seemed to come through.Otherwise the hotel was very clean which was good-towels changed every day and nice staff etc.Breakfast was good and the price was very reasonable -It did O.K. and I know they probably have some very nice rooms with none of these problems. Unfortunately I didnt get one and just letting you know in case you would be a bit dissapointed too based on previous reviews  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>2	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>georgieducky
<Content>A lovely hotel Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in December 2005. Found it on Expedia and it seemed to have good reviews and was a good price (I think we paid about 拢30 a night for a double room). I also liked the fact that it was said to be near a U bahn (underground) station.Got to Berlin 4.5 hours later than expected, thanks to Easyjet, so arrived in the dark. Did have a few problems finding the hotel at first because it's on one of the roads that runs parallel to where the U-bahn station comes out. But eventually found it and was amazed by how modern and trendy it was. This hotel is beautifully clean and really well looked after.Our room was a massive double, with quite a large ensuite. The breakfast in the morning was brilliant, enough scope to fulfil anyone's breakfast likes and dislikes - bread, cereal, eggs, yoghurt, omlette, cake, fruit (you get the idea!).In the day light, the U-bahn was really easy to find, just left, left and left again. Was also some great little restaurants a short walk from the hotel. We liked the Italian. In fact, we liked it so much that we ate there each night because it was cheap and good food.So, yes, I would definitely recommend this hotel. Although I would say if you are arriving in the dark (or are travelling with Easyjet and may be delayed for 4.5 hours), make sure you have a little map with you, so you can find the hotel without having to ask for directions.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rune&B
<Content>Former reviewes confirmed We were a bit worried that this hotel would be far from everything, but there were no reason to worry. It's 200-250 meters to the U-bahn, and in walking distance there are a lot of nice restaurants.All in all a good hotel with very good value for money.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stuarhy
<Content>Great hotel at a great price We found this to be a great hotel in a great location. Ok so it's not slap bang in the middle of the city but then Berlin is a huge city with great transport links. As mentioned by other reviewers it's only 5 stops on the U-Bahn and your at Alexanderplatz, from where you can get a U-Bahn, S-Bahn, Tram or Bus to anywhere in the city.We found the hotel to be very clean and tidy. Our (standard double) room was nice, big and very warm (which was handy considering the very cold outside temparature). The room facilities were fairly basic and consisted of Double bed, bedside tables with lamps, wardrobe, mirror, chairs and coffee table, and a desk with TV.The bathroom consisted of a toilet, basin and shower and a mirror.We didn't have much contact with the staff during our 4 night stay except to check in and out and to drop off/pick up our key but we found them to be friendly.The breakfast selection was immense although the only warm items were soft/hard boiled and scrambled eggs. It would have been nice to have a toaster availiable.Overall, at an average price of 鈧?3 a night (via ----) i would certainly have no problems in recomending this hotel for any type of traveller and will certainly stay there again when i return to Berlin in the future.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yonniestephen
<Content>Berlin is cool! Having just got back from Berlin yesterday, I just had to say something about my experiences. Firstly, the Hotel Agon is modern and clean, with friendly staff. Our room was large and the beds were comfortable. It is very handy for the U Bahn and getting to the city, roughly a 10 minute journey.The weather was very cold and we did not want to travel too far at night, and lucky for us we found a lovely restaurant just around the corner from the hotel called Leander on Jungstrasse. Well worth a visit, also there is a bar next door, Freddy's Bar which we can highly recommend. He and his barmaid Ulrika are very friendly and made us most welcome.We found the Germans very friendly and helpful, though I do recommend that you have some knowledge of the language or an English/German dictionary.Whilst sightseeing we came across a Christmas fair, near to the Berliner Dom. It was magical and ideal for families, words can't describe it, you just have to be there and soak up the atmosphere. Berlin is cool!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ASG
<Content>Excellent value for money I stayed in this hotel with my husband and two teenage boys. Our room was really huge, you could have fitted 4 average rooms in it, and we had a toilet, shower room and tiny kitchen. The boys' room was of average size but had a bigger bathroom. Everything was spotless and the staff were all very helpful with one exception on reception. This hotel is excellent value for money and in a good area for restaurants. The u-bahn is close by too. No complaints at all.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GavBelfast
<Content>A gem of a bargain! This is what a budget hotel should be like.The hotel is situated in east Berlin off a main street but less than 5 minutes walk from the nearest U-Bahn station.We arrived to be shown to a room in the main block which was fine but obviously a smoking room. When we said we had booked a non-smoking room, we were moved with no fuss at all to a non-smoking room in the annex. This room was very spacious indeed and scrupulously clean throughout. While there was no air-conditioning, it was quite airy.Breakfast is a simple buffet and perfectly adequate, though with a lack of hot items.The area the hotel is in appears to be pretty up-and-coming and even a little trendy, with a few quaint shops and bars and restaurants within walking distance (including an excellent Chinese one), and these were better value than those elsewhere in the city.There is obviously a lot to in Berlin - in the hot weather we enjoyed, seeing the city by boat was a joy - and if returning, we would look to stay here again. An excellent spot.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bladegirl
<Content>Great Spot For a 3 star property this place was excellent value. The hotel was clean, staff helpful and location was perfect. Only a 2 minute walk to the U-Bahn and a 15-20 minute walk to a fantastic dining and coktail bar area. We spent 7 weeks travelling overland through China, Mongolia and Russia to Europe - the area close to this hotel was the best for great food, good service and value for money. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Traveller853
<Content>Good Budget Hotel When getting off the U-Bahn at Samaritastrasse I wondered what I had let myself in for because the area appears run down with grafitti everywhere and winos on the corner. But actually the area is safer than it looks with no menacing gangs hanging around. Any youths I did see would politely make way for me.The hotel itself is very nice with friendly staff, a clean room and an excellent buffet breakfast. Most important for me was the fact that the walls were not paper thin like in many four star hotels I have stayed in, ensuring a good nights sleep. One thing to mention is that the hotel is situated in a working class area away from the usual tourist haunts which means that many of the locals cannot speak English fluently, if at all. It helps if you have at least a smattering of German. I agree with the previous reviewer that a Welcome Card is a good buy. A 48 hour pass now costs 16 euros but it is still good value. Make sure you validate your ticket in the machine where you see Entwerfen. There are big fines for not doing so and they check up - I was asked to show my ticket by ununiformed staff on the way to Alexanderplatz.In conclusion, this hotel is a great base for exploring Berlin, especially as it is within easy travelling distance from the attractions in the Mitte area. I can throughly recommend it to fellow travellers.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janeyb24
<Content>Great hotel, great city We recently stayed at the Hotel Agon and would recommend to anyone thinking of staying. Staff were helpful and friendly, rooms basic but clean and sufficient for any tourist, breakfast plentiful and tasty!The hotel is situated 100m from Samariter Strasse u bahn station which is literally 5 minutes from Alexanderplatz, so location is great. Although the area is a bit daunting at first, once you get used to the fact that there is a lot of graffitti everywhere in Berlin, it does not seem so bad.There is a small shopping mall on Frankfurter Allee which contains several restaurants open until very late. We would highly recommend the Sala Thai, the food was excellent and the surroundings superb. If you are going to be sightseeing, get a 48 hour (or longer) pass for the public transport, they are 14 euros but allow you unlimited use of all public transport, and are very good value.It was our first time in Berlin and we were pleasantly surprised, in fact we loved it. There is a lot to see, the best way of doing this is on foot, but be prepared to do plenty of walking!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good choice what a lovely clean, bright hotel. We were suprised as to how new it was.Rooms are clean and spacious, you don't even hear the neighbours!Breakfast was great, lots of choice and a buffet style to boot.Right next to the u-bahn at samariter strasse. Try Sandos for an evening meal great food, nice and close.Would definatly recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gary4463
<Content>A Great Place To Stay We booked 2 rooms at the above hotel and what a great place it is to stay and explore Berlin. The hotel is easily accessible by train from the airport and it is also easy to get around Berlin from here. The hotel itself is modern and new with spotless rooms and a great breakfast buffet. The bar is 24 hrs and the staff are always most helpful and cheerful. Would highly reccomend a stay at the Frankfurter Allee and we will definitely be going back.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WhittyG
<Content>Good hotel and a good stay This is a little gem of a place. It was cheap, the room was huge and comfortable, in a good location with great little restaurants and bars dotted around nearby and the staff could not have been nicer. We had a great stay over the three days we were there and couldn't recommend it higher.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ellis40
<Content>A Little gem This hotel hidden away is a really good place to stop. It is very close to the U Bahn and within walking distance of many restaurants. The only downside is the area that it is in which apperas a litlle rough, but once you get on to the main road there are no issues (saying that there were no issues at all so perhaps I'm being a little unfair about the area- it just looks a bit rough with all the grafitti). Breakfast is good and the staff are definitely helpful. Don't make the mistake which we did hich was to go to the reception to say ther was no bathroom. He had to show me a plan of the room which showed it was hidden behind the door!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bliss We had a great time. All the staff were friendly and helpful. The room was good. The breakfast was good. We enjoyed our meals locally. The UBahn was literally 2 minutes away. We will be returning.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Easter Trip   showReview(3422221, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel Agon Frankfurter Allee   showReview(3369643, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dawnexe
<Content>Great Hotel!   showReview(3282540, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cls_2005
<Content>Excellent Value for Money   showReview(3240136, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mackem
<Content>berlin hotel eastern style   showReview(2989170, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ailie-J
<Content>Quiet Hotel - Good Location   showReview(2834765, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice stay   showReview(2502140, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colaboy7
<Content>We want to visti again very soon!   showReview(2130384, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good base in Esatern Berlin   showReview(1926091, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo stati benissimo sia per...   showReview(22794536, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ф澅銉欍儷銉兂銈掓簚鍠?#x201d;   showReview(21745070, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel acogedor estaba un poco...   showReview(21662642, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis und Stadtnah   showReview(20550582, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel propre dans un quartier calme et bien situ茅 pour visiter Berlin   showReview(20550581, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r den n盲chsten Besuch in Berlin wieder   showReview(19636190, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r einen Kurztrip okay   showReview(19636192, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rde dieses Hotel immer wieder nehmen.   showReview(19636191, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19636189, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wenn nach Berlin,dann wieder hierher   showReview(19636188, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18533965, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen werden dort nicht zum letzten mal gewesen sein   showReview(18533960, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert!   showReview(18533967, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rickycasti
<Content>Hotel recomendado / bueno + bonito + barato   showReview(18022295, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel a 100 metri dalla metro complimenti!!!!   showReview(18533959, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach aber OK   showReview(18533961, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17441020, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>a colpo sicuro   showReview(16594039, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>"F眉r einen Kurzurlaub in Berlin ideal"   showReview(16594037, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Freundlich, aber mit einigen M盲ngeln   showReview(16594040, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliato, funzionale, vicino metr貌   showReview(16594038, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel agr茅able   showReview(16594035, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(16594036, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>War ok   showReview(16594034, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>absolut empfehlenswert   showReview(16594032, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s satisfait   showReview(16594033, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel zur Stadtbesichtigung   showReview(15567576, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotelbeurteilung   showReview(15567578, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Adresse f眉r Kurzreise   showReview(15567577, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis-Leistung ok   showReview(15567575, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert f眉r einen Kurzbesuch   showReview(15567574, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>kann man empfehlen   showReview(15567572, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Durchaus ok   showReview(15567573, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dort immer gerne wieder   showReview(15567571, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rde wiederkommen, gutes Preisleistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(14732894, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je recommande cet hotel   showReview(14732893, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ha soddisfatto le aspettative!   showReview(14732892, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Anto87
<Content>Un'ottima sistemazione   showReview(14032755, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles Klasse!   showReview(13979762, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13979761, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>monaco06
<Content>ottimo hotel       31/12/2007 stanza enorme  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(13979760, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(13979759, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ist sein Geld wert   showReview(13979758, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13979757, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>economico e confortevole   showReview(13979750, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13979756, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Standard   showReview(13979751, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel funcional. Habitaci贸n...   showReview(14227041, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehmer Aufenthalt   showReview(13979749, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(13979748, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13199778, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vi dico subito che se tornassi...   showReview(13189223, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis ist sehr gut   showReview(13199776, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, pulito...   showReview(13163215, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes sauberes Hotel   showReview(13199775, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht zu empfehlen   showReview(13199777, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consiglio a tutti...   showReview(11373125, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes und zentral gelegenes Hotel   showReview(11306941, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rackerer
<Content>80 von 100 Punkten   showReview(10785882, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel. Situation id茅ale. A recommander   showReview(11306938, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir waren nur eine Nacht im...   showReview(11373126, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r Stadtbesichtigung-Optimal   showReview(11306939, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11665378, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder - super Hotel in Berlin   showReview(11665377, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, aber unpers枚nlich. F眉r Gesch盲ftsreisen geeignet   showReview(11665376, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11665375, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bestens,jederzeit wieder   showReview(11665374, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Carmingo
<Content>ganz ok       Dies ist der Blick in eins der vielen 2 Bettzimmer  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	5	2	1	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r den Preis etwas andres erwartet.   showReview(11665372, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder.   showReview(11665370, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gutes stadthotel ideal f眉r st盲dtereisen   showReview(11665369, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ellja
<Content>Gute Lage - Preis/Leistung ok - zu empfehlen       Eingang zum Hotel  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	2	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima localizzazione per...   showReview(11373127, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel Agon 猫 situato in...   showReview(11373128, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SITUATO NELLA PARTE EST DELLA...   showReview(11373129, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>torreteo
<Content>Ottimo albergo       la mia camera  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(11448577, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder!   showReview(11496743, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>reisefee30
<Content>Sauber und g眉nstig   showReview(7839064, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel w眉rde ich wieder buchen   showReview(11430897, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Verkehrsg眉nstig gelegenes Hotel mit gutem Komfort   showReview(11430896, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut und g眉stig   showReview(11430895, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zufrieden   showReview(11430894, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>voll zufrieden   showReview(11430893, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu Empfeheln   showReview(11430892, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ganz okay   showReview(11430890, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(11398550, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stanza singola ben arredata ma...   showReview(11373130, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir waren im Februar in diesem...   showReview(11373131, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pulito, e con un buon rapporto...   showReview(11373132, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Hotel mit sehr gutem...   showReview(11373134, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sauberes Hotel, empfehlenswert, aber nicht in bevorzugter Lage   showReview(11398549, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon Hotel pratique   showReview(11388540, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璩礌銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19159876, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kiwi71
<Content>Zu weiche Betten, wenig einladende Umgebung, g眉nstig       Au脽enansicht  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>afrench
<Content>ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(6540055, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo   showReview(11383315, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(11376638, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>echt genial !   showReview(11359950, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situ茅 脿 3 minutes 脿 pieds du...   showReview(11373135, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌村牬銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19159207, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11355862, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11355860, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11355858, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ALBERGO MOLTO BELLO , OTTIMO...   showReview(11373137, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>K枚nnen wir nicht weiterempfehlen   showReview(11338755, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superg眉nstiges Hotel in der City   showReview(11331768, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix...   showReview(11373138, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfektes...   showReview(11373139, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

