<Author>beachbum010
<Content>Worst Resort I had book this vacation with sunquest saying that it is a 5 star hotel but its more of a 2 star.. I have stayed at many resorts and have gotten the worst experience at this resort. I don't even know where to begin... I got there with my family and the number of people that were staying there had to say it all.. probably 40 people were booked.. it was very quiet... Usually when you arrive at a resort they have a welcoming committee but we arrived to nothing. The Animation program was very poor.. the shows were just all dancing.. at other resorts it was more comedy and more interaction involvement with the guests staying there. The food is terrible.. there is no variety. It is basically the same this everyday... hamburgers, hotdogs. There is the pizzeria and a steakhouse which were alright.. yet they weren't open every night. Therefore you had no choice but to make your way to the buffet. At other resorts a snack bar was available during the day, yet there was none.. once lunch ended there was a bunch of starving people with nothing to eat. The management at the restaurant is needed to change.. I was hungry and eager to go to dinner which was suppose to start at 7:00pm. Yet I go there and they told me another 15-20 minutes because they were still setting up the buffet. The bar was not all inclusive.. there was a poor selection of drinks... otherwise you had to pay. The bar hours were ridiculous.. most resorts have 24 hour bar in the lobby.. but that had closed early. With the pool-side bar it was open very late in the afternoon. The towel service was terrible.. they are closed on Sundays.. and on weekdays you go there and its open for an hour then its closed.. or they have ran out of towels within the first hour and you are told to go to the lobby to get towels. The beach had glass and other shards in the sand where my foot got cut a bunch of times.. at other resorts they were constantly keeping the sand clean yet they did very little at this resort. The water had very big tides constantly, therefore little children could not enter. They had a lack of water sport activities offered unlike other resorts. The Dream resort was located right beside and was absolutely gorgeous... I would recommend to check that out and not make the mistake that I had made. It was a slow and boring week. If the service keeps up like this.. this hotel will be shut down very shortly.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	3	2	2	

<Author>stimula
<Content>our family holiday I stayed at the Colony Bay Resort from the 10th of May for 2 weeks with my husband and our 2 year old son. Like others that we have met during our stay, I was a little nervous after reading some of the negative reviews that have been posted on here recently but I suppose that these people must have been searching for things to complain about. ROOMS 鈥?The rooms are not of a huge size but very comfortable, clean and well equipped; 2 Double beds, cable TV, nice balcony etc.... The mini bar was stocked daily, please note that a few items are to be paid extra such as chocolate, chips and international drinks. Included in the all inclusive you have 2 beers, soda drinks and water.BEACH  POOL 鈥?The beach was lovely, very clean and plenty of sun beds, same days it could get a little windy but what a deal when you wish to sleep under the sun! For sure the highlight of the resort is the pool. We spent most of our time here, specially at the swim-up bar!FOOD 鈥?While it is true that the food on the buffet was primarily the same each day, it included pretty much anything you could imagine so unless you ate everything every day I don鈥檛 see how you could sick of it. We were skeptical of the reservation restaurants but were pleasantly surprised. I do think the reservation system is odd but we never had to wait longer than 10 minutes to get a spot. SERVICE 鈥?This is what really gives many points to the resort. Everyone was so friendly to us, especially to my son. The front desk staff were always very helpful. The waiters and bar tenders were constantly checking to see if we needed anything. Personally I was a little disappointed with those not leaving any tips, these people work hard and a couple of bugs means a lot for them!OVERALL - This is a wonderful resort and we had a great time. It is always very funning when people complain about stupid details鈥?. On a vacation you can鈥檛 expect everything to be perfect I don鈥檛 think that this even happens at home! If you are planning a vacation to Punta Cana we can highly recommend the Colony bay, we loved it and for sure will return!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DiseyOakville
<Content>The worst resort in PUNTA CANA!!!!!!! We have been to Punta Cana 3 times before and would always return because each new resort we stayed at was always very enjoyable - both at Bavaro Beach and Uvero Alto - this trip was a total disaster as Sunquest rated this resort a 5 star and with previous experience we would only rate this resort a 2 star - the food was totally non eventful as there was absolutely no variety from day to day ( my husband was very ill as well as Italian soccer vacationers) - I have never been at a resort where the locals vacationed with us - no offense to the people as we really do like the Dominican hospitality but not to vacation with them. Also we had to upgrade to a suite to make our vacation more enjoyable - if this did not happen we were leaving immediately - If it were not for the friends we met there and the animation staff - especially David and Theodore who made our day - also we were very disappointed to learn that our most favourite bartender Daniel was terminated - unfortunately the management does not realize that these people do make a vacation happen.Because of this trip I will not return to the Dominican as my husband was very ill and this would never have happened at a 5 star resort.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Sofiamechelen
<Content>great times at Colony bay I've been to the Dominican Republic six times before and this year I've stayed at the Colony bay resort... and had a great time!The hotel is not so big as others I've been to but that's just what I like. The staff was very friendly and very helpful, always smiling... the room was nice and kept clean twice a day. We had a fantastic view over the sea and the mountains!Excellent view at the buffet over the sea and coastline. The food was good, different things to chose from. The beach was nice, sometimes good waves, sometimes calm. I've enjoyed the long walks along the beach. You have enough space because the hotel is not build in directly between other hotels.The animation was also great, although at the time I was there there were not so many people around, they did their best to create good vibes and made an entertaining show every night.Fun!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Armondo4
<Content>Great Colony Bay Resort in Puta Cana       volly ball in water  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chris_trvl13
<Content>From a Travel Agent, just be informed and understand. I stayed at the Colony Bay as part of a Travel Agent Conference April 10-17th 2008.People have to remember that the property has not been open very long and was in a rush to even open when they did. As a Travel Agent I am telling you that your Agent (if you used one) should have told you this and prepared you. I personally don't sell properties that have been open for less than a year without knocking off 1 usually 2 stars.At this point it is DEFFINATELY NOT a five star. Probably closer to a 3.5The staff is wonderful and they try very hard. The resort is clean and the food is decent.It is cozy and unlike the massive properties in the DR there are only about 200 rooms.It is in Uvero Alto NOT BAVARO so yes the tide is a little rough but still nice to lay out on and you can walk it without being crowded, just be careful swimming.As long as you are informed as to what you are getting this is a nice property to get away for a week and relax. If you are told its a five star right now they are wrong, maybe one day, but not right now.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	2	

<Author>einwechterl
<Content>Great Hoilday because of the people we meet       all the girls in the apple  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>BRADAIMEE
<Content>cheated on what could have been amazing       Front of resort  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Buda97
<Content>Colony Bay Food was excellent.Hotel rooms are not a five star.Pool was O.K.Could not swim in the ocean as of the high waves. It has no coral reef and therefore noone was ever in the ocean while our stay was for two weeks.The sheets where way to short for the mattress. The bedcover was oversized and falling over the floors. The beds had no mattress covers .The staff was friendlyThe entertainment repeats it self the next week. Hotel has no free shuttle bus to another hotel or casino.I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	1	2	2	2	3	

<Author>LisaMercer
<Content>Needs a lot of work with the rooms       thank god for a breath taking beach  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	2	3	

<Author>jamann
<Content>mixed emotions Our April trip left me with many mixed emotions. Left Toronto with no problems. Flight was about 4 hours and Sun Quest provided an in flight movie  a hot breakfast. They ran out of headsets but I was able to use my i pod earphones and listen through one ear.The bus ride from the airport was about 44 minutes with speed of the bus driver. Upon arrival about 1:00 we were unable to check in until 3 o'clock so we went to the buffet for lunch and had a few beverages at the bar. I recommend bringing your swimsuit  some sunscreen in a carry on bag if you plan on arriving early. Lobby bar: very clean, marble floors, great bartender, no top shelf liquor. Bathrooms were clean and did have a clean shower in it.Buffet Restaurants: average at best. The best items were the omelets for breakfast  make your own pasta. We never had the desire to go up for seconds. Fresh fruit amounted to pineapple, watermelon  cantaloupe. Ice cream was very good, especially the chocolate. I didn't try the prune flavor.Steak house: Don't expect to get what is in the display case when you walk in. Your cut of steak will be much smaller  a lot less lean. First dinner at steak house: chicken wings..okay..it would have been hard to be as good as the wings we get in Buffalo. Caesar salad, one night good, next night not so good.Some made with very white iceberg lettuce and some with romaine lettuce. Rib eye steak...very fatty  thin slice. Baked potatoes were inconsistent some plates had a potato that was the size of a slat potato and others had average sized potatoes. The dressing the put on the potatoes was fantastic. They also give you a small piece of broccoli and a slice of zucchini  tomato too. They tasted find. The second night we opted for the less fatty sirloin. Very difficult to cut. Many people this evening sent their meals back or left and went to the buffet. The rib eye was much less fatty the second night.Italian Restaurant: We had the best luck here. The lasagna was very good.Pizza in the Italian restaurant was very good for lunch. Many to choose from. Pool: very nice. Be careful the stairs are very slippery. I took a spill on the first stair and landed right on my tail bone. Plenty of chairs were available and enough towels for everyone. Water was clean and warm. The pool bar was good  Henry can make a great boom boom  margarita. Drinks sure were not weak. A tip might have had an influence on the amount of alcohol you got.Take advantage of the 5 minute free massages that come around. They are wonderful. The hot tub was cleaned regularly but water was not hot. Just a bubbly tub. My daughter got her hair braided by the pool. Very reasonable. Three braids on each side of her head with beads cost $6.00 Frequently someone would come around with a monkey, a lizard or beautiful birds and take your picture with them. If you want to purchase a picture it cost $10.00. Beach: beautiful. Sand was very soft and light brown in color. Very clean on resort property. Waves were strong. They were great for body surfing. Don't plan on using a boogie board provided by the hotel. Some days it wasn't open to get and when you do get one they are broke into several pieces. I would have thought that the hotel would replace them when they break. They aren't that expensive. The water was a pretty blue except where the waves crashed on the beach and stirred up the sand. There were plenty of chairs on the beach to use. Don't expect to use the non-motorized sporting equipment. The water is too rough. They do not have any motorized water sports here. If you walk past Dreams resort I did see para-sailing.The rooms: awful. The beds were the worst. Hard  small. The sheets didn't even come close to fitting the bed. By the time morning came the sheets were in a big ball and you were sleeping o the mattress. I would bring your own full size sheets. I don't think you will have a problem loosing them. The maid didn't change the sheets once while we were there. Maid service was inconsistent. Some days there were no towels, other days anywhere from 2-5 towels. Water in the shower was hot and had lots of pressure. Beware if the power goes out there is no water. Beds are on rollers with no locks. Don't sit too close to the edge of the bed or you may end up on the floor. All rooms are at the back of the resort. Don't expect to have an ocean view. I would not keep your balcony door open. One day we saw a tarantula in the grass. It was dead but there must be more where that came from. Bugs  insects: never a problem. Didn't come home with any bug bits. They do spray daily. Sometimes the smell wasn't great but it was short lived and better than having the bugs.Entertainment: lame. Every evening there was a mini disco for the kids. It mostly attracted the 10 and under kids. No entertainment was provided for teenagers. In the evening there was a show every night, but it was mostly the same thing each night. The animation crew did their best to entertain but I don't think they had anyone to give them direction. They were on their own.Resort gift shop: $$$$ very expensive. They did sell a variety of soulviner items including t-shirts, key chains and other items. Candy bars were $2., Pringles chips $5. Sunscreen $20-$30. Bring everything you think you might need.Staff: Mostly friendly. Language was sometimes a barrier. Very few staff members knew English. Animation crew was very friendly. Alexander was the best. He had a great personality  mingled with the guests. That is much more than I can say for what appeared to the owners. They were very conceded.They didn't talk to any of the guests. The owners were walking out oft he Italian restaurant as I was walking and they didn't even hold the door open. They basically pushed their way through.Beware of the guy selling cigars. He is a hound.While we were there a group of travel agents came in for a seminar. While they were there the resort shut down the sports bar and moved the game tables to the lobby bar. What a show the resort put on for them while there were there. They even brought in an outside act for one of the nights of entertainment. Once the travel agents left the Steak house and the Italian restaurant were never open on the same evenings. The ice cream by the pool disappeared and the entertainment went back to boring. We did take a 20 walk to the shopping plaza. It wasn't worth our time. There are several vender's there but they all sold the same things. They all want to invite you into their home  be your family. You do have to barter with them. That evening some of the vender's were in the resort selling their goods. If I would have know that prior I wouldn't have take that adventure in the afternoon. Carri bean Festival: An excellent excursion. The afternoon flew by. Once you get onto the boat they take you to an area to snorkel in the sea. My son saw a small octopus. Later they took you to an area to swim with the nurse sharks  sting rays. I didn't think I would ever do something like that but I did and loved it. I do recommend bringing your own snorkel gear. I am sure they do not clean them. Adults were  78.  kids under 12 were free. You can purchase underwater camera's on the boat for $20.Overall I would not recommend this resort to anyone who thinks they are getting a 5 star hotel as they had advertised. If you book understating it is 3 star and they offer a 3 star price that is very attractive it may be worth you while. This is a good resort for a family with small children due to it's size. Definitely not a resort for a young couple that is looking for a lot of activity. Due to slippery surfaces throughout the resort when wet I wouldn't recommend this for older couples.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelagentEdmonton
<Content>Travel Agent Perspective I am a travel agent and my daughter and I stayed at the Colony Bay the week of April 17th for one week. We had a very good holiday at this resort but there certainly were pluses and minuses. This resort has only been open for three months, so it has a long way to go to receive a 5 star rating, I would rate it at a 3.5. I think part of the problem is the expectation of the guests that it is sold as a 5 star by Sunquest and they have paid for a 5 star when it is only a 3.5. With that out of the way, you will not be disappointed if you expect a 3.5 star and pay for a 3.5 star. This resort is located in Uvero Alto and not in Bavaro and so the bus ride from the airport is one hour to this resort. It is in an isolated location located one property over from the Dreams resort (previously Sunscape the Beach). If you wish to leave the resort to go into Bavaro or Higuey, the taxi cab prices are very expensive ie: to reach the Majestic Colonial in Bavaro from the Colony Bay is $33.00 US one way, $60.00 US to the Punta Cana airport one way, needless to say, we didn't leave the resort and for this reason we felt claustrobphobic. Pool and Beach Area:It is a small resort located directly on the beach and it only took you a minute to get to your room, the restaurants, the lobby, the pool, the beach and had ramps for wheelchair accessibility, (although the ramps were a little steep). My recommendation to the resort is that they install a hand rail into the pool, as the steps are hard to see and 3 people fell down going into the pool, one guest actually broke her arm and dislocated her shoulder. The pool is large and cleaned daily (I was out there at 6:30 a.m. every morning). There are plenty of palapas and lounge chairs as well as on the beach. There was no poolside waiter service but the swim up bar was very close to all sides of the pool. The beach itself was beautiful, and yes it has very light fine brown sand and there are waves at this beach which made it great for boogie boarding, but it is not the calm waters clear waters of the Caribbean, but remember, you are on the Atlantic ocean side of the island not the Caribbean Sea side. I do not recommend this beach for young children as there is a strong undertow and it was red flagged 4 days out of 7 while we were there. There are no non-motorized water sports to speak of, the boogie boards were broken and not replaced, they did have kayaks, but the waves are too rough for kayaking, there was no parasailing, jet skis, banana boats etc., you had to go down the beach to the Dreams resort for these motorized water sport activities. The plus of this beach is that there are not thousands of people on it like Bavaro, so if you want a nice secluded beach to walk, this certainly is for you. There was relatively very little seaweed on the beach but if you walked down to the Dreams, they had so much seaweed on the beach that the smell was not pleasant. They do have a kids club area but I didn't see anything going on there. They do have a disco in the sports bar until they finish building the casino and disco. Music was extremely loud but the break dancers were unbelievable! They closed the sports bar for three days and the dancing moved into the lobby bar area and it was much better as everyone participated in dancing from the young to seniors and they had brought in a singer and piano player, which everyone enjoyed.Rooms:The rooms are basic, no coffee makers in the room, but I brought my own. The remote for the tv didn't work, but got that fixed the next day. The beds were fine but very small pillows. Pressure in the shower was great, but just had warm water, never got hot. The safe is free but make sure to ask for the lock at check in. Mini bar was stocked every day with 2 cervasas, 2 bottled water and 2 cokes. There were snacks, chocolate bars etc in the fridge but there was a charge for them, they have price tags on them, very expensive, bring your own. I saw a fellow at the front desk who was quite irate because he had been charged for a chocolate bar that he never had and the front desk's solution was to give him a chocolate bar but he had to pay for the first one he never had -- only in the Dominican! I recommend to the resort that they do not stock these items in the fridge as they don't seem to have a good tracking system of what was used -- and so there were arguments over guests being charged and not having used the item and of course, there is no way to prove anything. If you want a snack just go to the gift shop, the prices were cheaper anyway. Maid service was good, no complaints there. Workmanship at this resort is not very good but again, 3.5 star.Front Desk check in was no problem and quick and they spoke English pretty good.Restaurants and Service:I have been to Punta Cana 7 times before and had stayed at 5 star resorts, and I have to say that the food was pretty good at this resort, there was something to eat for everyone and the best was certainly their desserts - they were fantastic! Although, don't expect to see a lot of shrimp, lobster etc. in the buffet. But I have to rate the food at 8 out of 10. I have to rate the service at this resort as a 10 out of 10. The staff were very friendly and courteous -- this was the biggest plus of this resort and Luis and Pablo, the bartenders were fantastic! Entertainment and Nightly Shows:The entertainment at the pool was basic with water aerobics, dancing lessons, waterpolo, beach volleyball etc. The nightly shows were a little cheesey, except the Michael Jackson show was pretty good. My complaint is that these shows started way too late at night 9:45 pm, so there wasn't a whole lot to do between supper and waiting for the show to begin. Not enough activities at this resort. Check out was fast and painless. My complaint is with Sunquest that we had to leave the hotel so early for the airport and ended up spending almost 4 hours at the Punta Cana airport -- this was ridiculous and of course, there was no Sunquest rep at the resort the day we were leaving. There were travel agency owners at this resort at the time we were there and they were on the same plane as we were leaving for Edmonton at 7:05 p.m. but they didn't leave the resort until 4:00 p.m. (what's up with that when we had to be at the lobby at 2:00 p.m. to leave for the airport). Check out is at noon. If you want to stay in your room until 4:00 p.m. if you have a late flight out, you can pay an extra $20.00 US. Otherwise, they do have a shower area in the lobby part.My recommendation to my clients is that if you are looking for a small resort, not a lot of walking etc., a quiet time by the pool and beach, good food and good service I would recommend this resort as a sold 3.5 star at this time. If you are looking for a resort with a lot of activities, amenities, children's activities and want to leave the resort to explore the towns and area etc. I do not recommend this resort as it is way out of the way and very expensive to get anywhere. The owner had stated that they will be building an additional 320 rooms but I recommend that they bring the current status of this resort up first before building more rooms and not having all the services and amenities in place for the guests first.We did have a great holiday but my expectations were that of a 3.5 star and not a 5 star.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Giddy-up
<Content>Still Undecided what to rate this resort but I know it will not be a 4.5-5 star We stayed here from April 7th to 14th for our wedding. We had a group of 30 plus from halifax, edmonton and toronto. First impression was great. Everything clean lobby and reception was emaculate. Check in was a breeze even at 10:30 am we all got our rooms on the beach at 10:45. First off we were there for our wedding. And thankfully it went really well. Besides not really knowing what was going to happen Omaria did a great job. For those of you that need this info message me an i will help you out with the little details that you wont know until they have happened. Our meal took place in the beach buffet which i have to say was an incredible layout more than anyone had expected i think. the meal was excellent as was the cake the whole thing was spot on. I will rate the whole wedding experience a 9-10.The roomswell we were fortunate enough to have stayed in both the normal room and the vip suite. we were given a free upgrade after the wedding. well the normal rooms are normal, but we didn't experience any problems in there 4311 was our room. the vip room 5104 on the the other hand was a mess. leaking ceiling (mildew smell) power problems tv problems. we wished we would of stayed in our old room. but the free internet and separate reception was nice. they did try to charge us for items out of the bar that we did not consume but i refused to pay for them. this happened to a couple of guests in our party. For being a new resort the rooms looked like they were 20yrs old. I will give them a 3-10.FoodIt was really good. however not much variety one would expect from a 5star resort. i had better in 3stars.. rating 5-10Beach / waterAwsome - waves on some days were 10ft + excellent for body surfing since all their boogie boards were broken. and never replaced. rating 9-10 but because i like waves.Servicethey work hard and deserve all the credit. besides the language problems at times i give them full credit. 8-10Things that bothered me:the first thing is the vendors on the resort. being constantly asked to buy cigars or go on the dun buggys every day was a real pain in the a.s.s. that was something that they should control. i expect that behavior on the streets but not on the resort. the entertainment was qustionalble at times. however the michael jackson skit was by far the best show i have ever seen at any resort.The resort is not complete as advertised.Overall.well i can not compare it to a 5 star since i have never been to one. but i have been to 3-4.5 stars before and i must say it would drank around the 3.5 star. During our stay there, travel agents from around the globe were there to do an inspection so it should be interesting to see their reviews.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	3	3	4	3	5	

<Author>Arisaig_Point
<Content>Don't worry about your up coming vacation! The resort is fine!       Sunrise from our room  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>dominicanlovers
<Content>Amazing time but not 5 star, more like 3.5-4       the guys at the pizzeria  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	5	3	

<Author>puddlesalberta
<Content>Had a Great Time but not a 4.5 no more than a 3.5 Colony Bay - March 26 to April 2Flew out of Saskatoon with Skyservice early in the morning, with a quick twenty minute stop in Regina to pick up some other people. The flight was good, movies were okay and the food was your typical flight food. Arrived in Punta Cana ready for a cold beer, cigarette and to have a great vacation.The airport check in went very smoothly and before we knew it we had found our bus and were on our way, with a nice cold beer in hand. We were the only ones on the Sunquest bus going to Colony Bay, and were dropped off first so this was a bonus, as it was an hours bus ride to the resort and it was pretty hot and muggy on the bus.Check in went smoothly as we were the only ones checking in. We were given our key, towel cards and the card to activate our power in the room which includes the air conditioning. We were also made to sign a paper agreeing to pay for anything other than the two pop and two beer, replenished each day in the fridge. We actually ended up having some chips but if you go to the store first thing in the morning on the resort to replace them you can save a few bucks - a bit dishonest but after experiencing the dishonesty throughout the week from others that work there we didnt feel so bad. A little warning as well we ended up having to pay for a chocolate bar on check out which was supposed to be three dollars but they charged us four as they said it was an extra dollar for taxes. Unbelievable but we just chalked it up to experience.We were escorted by a bell boy who helped us to our room with our luggage. We were on the third floor in building three. Although the rooms are not the largest we have been in, they were clean and suited us just fine. The beds were not queen size but comfortable and big enough for us. The bathroom was fairly large and there was plenty of hangers in the closet and three large drawers in the dresser for anything else we wanted to store in there. The balcony is the smallest I have ever seen but big enough for the two chairs and little table that is out there. We actually sat out there a few evenings relaxing and listening to the music from the entertainment. The pool is sensational and the swim up bar is awesome. We ended up spending the majority of our vacation at the pool and did not mind one bit. There was always lots of room to swim and we never had a problem getting chairs. As far as getting the umbrellas around the pool for the shade, if you cant find one just back up about thirty feet from the pool and there are extras on the sand back there. We only used one once so wasnt a problem. And yes there is sand that blows in the jetted tubs and the pool but it is very windy at this resort and what do you expect when the beach is right there. We were at the pool early enough a few times and watched the staff working very hard to clean the sand out. There never seemed to be any throughout the day so obviously they cleaned it very well in the mornings. Also, maybe some people who are walking on the beach should utilize the showers to rinse off prior to going into the pool and this would help as well. The pool to us was awesome and kept very clean for the most part. The swim up bar was fun and plentiful as I found out the first full day there. Please say hi to Henry (boom boom). We also played water polo a few afternoons and had a blast with this as well. The beach is nice although very windy There is lots of chairs but most people dont tend to sit there I think because of the wind. The sand is nice but definitely not your white powder like other beaches in the Dominican. To the left of the resort when you are facing the ocean there is extra lots and yes lots of garbage but they do not belong to the resort so I dont think it is fair to judge the resort for this. As far as the ocean well it is very wavy as previously stated in other reviews. This is because it is open water with no protective barrier of a reef to help break the waves. We did go wave jumping a few times and had a blast but the undertow is very strong so wouldnt let kids go in without supervision that is forsure. I would also make sure that you wear water shoes as although it seems nice and sandy my man stepped on something and ended up having to go to the doctor when we returned for antibiotics and to have over ten large slivers taken out of his foot. So beware of things in the water.The staff is excellent and try very hard to make your vacation good for the most part. However, there are some that dont smile and really dont want to do much without a tip and even then are still not very happy. Our maid was good although nothing spectacular and you had to tip to get your extra beer and pop stocked in the fridge. Also, not very giving with clean towels and facecloths so you may have to hunt her down for this. The bar staff at both the pool and lobby were excellent as were the restaraunt staff for the most part. The front desk however, really made me mad a few times. There is a problem in building three with the air conditioning freezing up on a daily basis. A little advice, turn it off when you leave in the morning and then back on in the evening and it should work. We found this out and it only takes a few minutes to cool the room off. A few times we called the front desk but really did not get any help. They then just plain wouldnt answer the phone when we called. Kind of a pain but it was okay until I watched them one day in the lobby when the phone would ring. They would look at it and determine what room was calling discuss it amongst themselves and then laugh and ignore the phone!! I was not impressed with this at all as I felt it very unfair to people who were calling. So again for the most part staff were good except for the desk people.Sunquest Rep. Marie Jose - we were not impressed with this woman at all and will be contacting Sunquest to discuss her attitude and the way that she treats some people. She was very blunt and rude at the best of times. We arrived on a Wednesday and because we were the only two who arrived she did not come around until a larger group arrived for Friday. Now normally this would have been fine except the only trip we wanted to go on to Saona Island was on Fridays and Wednesdays. The day she came so it was too late to go and the day we were leaving. We were able to go on Sunday with a Brittish group which turned out to be a blast but she really did not encourage us to go with this group as she did not feel it would be very good. She made it very clear what she thought of the British - not exactly a good thing for a tour rep. However we found out later that this was because she doesnt make commission on this tour because it isnt through Sunquest. Guess if she had of been to see us on Thursday this would have been eliminated. There were other things concerning her as well but I wont get into them, I will let Sunquest deal with them.There are also a few people who work around the pool trying to get you to buy horse back riding excursions. We considered this but in the end didnt go. Some did and had a great time so I am sure it would be something to see and do. However, when you say no these people will bother you at least three times per day and are a real pain in the butt sometimes. I finally had to get rude as every time I tried to relax by the pool they were there bothering us. The food - I have thought long and hard on how to put this part into my review. Let me start with the Steakhouse which I will tell you was by far the best meal we had and absolutely delicious. We had rib eye with baked potatoes and not only was it hot but it was delicious. We also had the buffalo wings for an appetizer which were excellent as well - make sure you each order an order though as you only get two to an order. Not like here where you get ten or more to an order. The buffet. Well the desserts were always excellent and the ice cream was to die for. Breakfast was exactly the same each day and the omelettes were okay but usually undercooked. The food was always cold it seemed and basically the same every day for every meal. Definitely not the best but not the worst either. Never walked away hungry but was not impressed with the food. Definitely a 3.5 at the most as far as the food in the buffet is concerned. Please watch the chicken as it is usually undercooked. Trip to Saona was a good day and lots of fun. Although not the party on the catermaran that I have endured in the past. But beautiful and fun just the same. Lunch was excellent as well and so were the drinks.Shopping was okay we ventured to the little shopping market a couple of times and bargained some good deals. Although it is definitely not Mexico, they have some nice stuff and we were lucky to get some good deals. So overall I am a very experienced traveller and I am usually pretty fair and have fun. We had a good vacation and except for the food really did enjoy ourselves. However, we would not return to this resort and if we didnt get such an awesome deal I would be very upset. However we only paid eight hundred a piece so even though they advertise this place as a four and a half to five, we only paid for a three to three and a half so are happy. But I dont believe the resort will ever be higher than a 3.5 and definitely would never pay full price to go there.Now for the worst part of our entire trip and let me tell you I have been to the DR four times and loved it each time - even this time with the resort - until we went to leave. I can now honestly say that I will NEVER return to this country ever again. We checked out and our bus was a bit late but not a big deal. The ride back to airport was okay and although the airport was very busy we were okay with this as well. When we got to the check in we were told our suitcases were over weight and it was going to cost us $200.00 US. We were prepared for this as we were overweight coming from Canada as well so not a huge suprise. However, the guy checking us in slipped my passport back across the counter and told me he would give me a deal and would only charge me $150 if I slipped the money in the passport. Of course we did this and he pocketed the cash. I will be honest we only put $75 in the passport - I guess two can play the game is what we thought. We then proceeded to check in and went through security with no problems. We ate at Wendys and shopped a little at duty free before boarding the plane which was on time. However then it all went bad. Everyone was on the plane and they were about to close the door when a security lady from there got on and started down the isle. She got to our seats and asked to see our tickets and passports. She then told me that I needed to come with her. Now let me tell you this scared me but as the plane was ready to leave. I tried to ask her on the way back in the airport what the problem was but she wouldnt answer me. I thought forsure the plane was going to leave me behind. Anyways she took me into the security room where a security guard who could not speak english was going through my suitcase - and I mean going through my suitcase!!! Anyways I had bought a carton of cigarettes before leaving Canada and then had bought another at duty free in Saskatoon. I had finished one carton while on vacation and there were six packs left in the other one which I packed back up in my suitcase. Please keep in mind that my carry on also had an additional pack and a half that nobody took or said anything about when going through security. Anyways they began accusing me that the cigarettes were narcotics even though the celephane was even still on the packages!!! I tried to explain that they were only cigarettes and a supervisor for security came over as well I had no idea what they were saying as I dont speak spanish. The lady then looked very worried and told me to leave the cigarettes and ask them if I could please go as they were about to arrest me!!! Of course I did as she said and was near tears because I thought forsure I was going to jail for cigarettes. Anyways after begging them and telling them that they could keep the whole suitcase if they wanted they let me go. Thank goodness as the plane was just about to leave me there. I couldnt and still cant believe what happened. Not to mention my poor spouse who had to stay on the plane and had no idea what was going on. It was a terrible experience and was very scary for me. So I must say that I will not be returning for these reasons. Until it was time to leave we had a good vacation and now can sort of laugh about what happened. Especially since I work in a drug rehab so if I had been arrested not sure how I would have told my boss what I had been arrested for. Anyways wont be going back to the DR but had a good vacation overall and got lots of RR which is what we went for. Anyone who has any additional questions please feel free to email me and I will try my best to answer. Good luck and happy travels to you all and please make sure you dont have cigarettes in your luggage when you go home!!!!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>beachvolleyball
<Content>The Truth On Colony Bay Resort We are experienced all-inclusive travelers, having stayed thruout Mexico,Cuba and Dominican.We stayed for 2 weeks from March 02 - 16 2008.As other people have said this hotel is over rated in the travel brochurs. Personally I would give this resort a 3.5. If you are used to staying at a high end hotel and expect that type of service and quality READ NO FURTHER do not book this hotel.There is no WHITE SANDY BEACH or QUEEN BEDS as stated in the brochurs. (note the beach is fine just not white fluffy sand)Reason to BOOK this hotel.SMALL, with a ground level room there is little walking.QUIET, not over flowing with people ie drunking party people.GROUP TRAVEL, you could take this hotel over  make it feel like your cottage.If you are staying here ask for BUILDING 4, third floor even # room. They all have a view of the ocean, Dreams Hotel, jungle and sunset behind beautiful hillside and nitetime noise is blocked by suites building. Reasons NOT TO BOOK this hotel.LOCATION, off the beaten track, terible bus ride, long distances to travel for day tours.PARTY LIFE, pretty quiet, mostly couples  families.VARIETY OF FOOD, it is edible but you look forward to little. Most of the main dishes/steaks are fried on flat grill.(even though its attached to a gas grill)NIGHT LIFE, typical 3 star hotel shows nothing special, some offensive. If you are on a limited budget and this is affordable/cheap go for it. But there are much better hotels and places to visit.If you have children I felt this hotel had a number of saftey issues which were not addressed after it was brought to the hotels attention. Also their kids program seemed very limited.Yes the people working there for the most part were friendly and helpful but again there are a lot of nicer places to stay for simmilar money.I have sent a letter to SUNQUEST complaining about their representation of this hotel and would be interested to hear how other peoples complaints are responded to.If you have any questions please feel free to e-mail me at rsaunders@sympatico.caHappy Vacationing BeachvolleyballP.S. volleyball court was not very good, rocky and trees in dangerous positions. I went and played at the DREAMS next door, excellent court!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>RoadQueen1
<Content>Loved Colony Bay!       Resort  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	5	3	

<Author>lavenderswirl
<Content>Small and intimate; made great friends! Complete Resort/Hotel Name The Colony Bay Resort March 8-15Location of Resort (eg: Punta Cana) Uvero AltoYour first name Cate/LavenderswirlWhere are you from? Nova ScotiaArrival and Flight One hour delay and then a smooth flight on an Air Transat Airbus 310. Duration 3 hours and 40 minutes direct, Halifax to Punta Cana. Our bus was easily found and we were on our way with 2 other couples who were staying at Sirenis. The drive was no longer that 50 minutes.Check-in was smoothly handled and our request to be located close together and on the 3rd floor was readily accommodated. We had time for a bite and within 1/2 hour our rooms were ready.At check-in, we were shown the list of items that were NOT all-included in our mini-fridges and asked to sign a paper acknowledging that we were to pay for these if they were used. The safe locks were free and we have paid 20US for them at other resorts. We were given two towel cards and one key which we quickly removed from its wooden tag bearing the room number. It was never a problem to get a second one if a companion was not nearby with the originally issued one.Rooms If my description of the rooms differs from other posters, please check the dates of the reviews. Some of them are from February, and much has changed! Rooms were smaller than some we have had in PC, but larger than others. They had attractive colours, blue, yellow and greens, and crown mouldings around the ceilings. Energy efficient bulbs were of sufficient wattage to read, shave or apply make-up by. The dresser had deep drawers and the closets were enormous with plenty of hangers. It was spotlessly clean, and made up early in the day. Water temperature and pressure were fine, and it is advisable to take down the handheld shower nozzle first until you get used to the operation. Bed linens were not top quality but were pristine white and crisp. No extra blanket was needed if you set the a/c to a reasonable temperature. The large ceiling fans were wonderful, and we often left our patio door open at night to listen to the ocean with no worries of insects. The Uvero Alto area has a stiff breeze and this seems to preclude mosquito or fly infestations completely. We did not see a one. The flat screen TV had all manner of satellite channels and excellent reception the few times we actually turned it on to catch some CNN News. We had no water leaks, no interruptions from staff entering (a 鈥渄o not disturb鈥?sign was always respected). One a/c malfunction was attended to with an hour of our report.Restaurants On the night we arrived, there was a fire which burned the roof thatch off the main buffet. It is believed that it was an electrical malfunction to blame. Fortunately there were no casualties. It was gratifying to see the initial shock turn to a full-bore cooperative effort on the parts of staff and guests alike, working in unison to clear the restaurant of furnishings, dishware and so on. I鈥檇 like to think that this was an example of good old Canadian helpfulness in a time of need; it鈥檚 what we DO. The management sent us a letter of thanks the next day. Dominicans and Canadians together make a good team!At no time did the fire interrupt the exceptional food service we received. The Carite Beach restaurant became our breakfast and lunch space for buffet servings. Each night there has a theme. Sunday night is the seafood gala which we enjoyed tremendously. There was also a pizzeria and the Steakhouse a la carte available. We booked the Steakhouse twice and had very delicious food here, including wings, quesadillas, caesar salad and a choice of grilled beef, sausage, pork and chicken. I heartily recommend the rib eye, and be sure to specify how you like it cooked, erring on the side of rare or blue if you like it red. There was a very nice Argentinian Malbec on their wine list which held up nicely to the grilled beef! Favorites of our group of 6 were the breads, bocconcini and olives, omelets from Marisol, the fantastic Dominican tomatoes and pasta. The servers deserve much praise for their never-ending smiles, efforts to please and prompt attention to guests. We really enjoyed the service of Ramito, Angel and Marcelina, among many!Bars Top shelf costs extra here, which is not a 5-star quality. We did manage to get fine drinks at the lobby bar and the pool 鈥?beer, gin and tonics, vodka chi-chis, champagne. Careful with the BoomBooms! Fluorescent drinks might not be the best choice if you tend to overindulge! Thanks to Henry and JoseLuis at the swim-up for hours of service and amusing banter. JuanRamon and Daniel did a great job of keeping glasses full in the lobby, as did Cristian in the Sports Bar.Beach and Pools Great effort has been given to keeping the pool, hot tubs, and beach clean since the early days of negative reviews. Uvero Alto is almost always windy and the sand becomes airborne unless the area around the pool is kept hosed down. When the vegetation grows in more, it will form a break. Washrooms, located near the pool and restaurants, were pretty much immaculate even after a long day of people in and out. Abelardo has soft fluffy yellow towels for you as often as you feel you need them. Beach is thoroughly raked and we saw very little glass, plastic or cigarette butts . . . Canadians clean up after themsleves extremely well, even trying to recycle all the plastic water bottles/cups!! :) Many of the palms are young, newly planted. There were ample palapas for the shade lovers and no contention about saving loungers as there were sufficient for all. Sand is a pale yellow, not brown, soft and warm.Grounds As with the palms, gardeners were at work every moment planting hibiscus, yucca, bougainvillea, crotons and other native species. We remember how much growth there was year to year when the Grand Paradise first opened, so Colony Bay will be lush and verdant by next fall. Please be cautious walking on some of the rougher pathways back behind the buildings with the rooms 鈥?the concrete is uneven there. There are geese, ducks, flamingos and turtles in ponds in front of the lobby. Their enclosures were drained and scrubbed clean twice in our week.Activities and Entertainment We knew the 鈥渄rill鈥?of a day near the pool after so many trips south, so we were beach dwellers during the mornings. The animation team did the requisite stretching, aerobics and dance lessons daily. We politely suggested that they mix up the music for these activities a bit more! 鈥淯nchained Melody鈥?haunts us still! LOL They did not harass us to join in. We had full cooperation from these hardworking young people, especially when we saw a need to report some unseemly comments. Turns out it was mostly a cultural thing, and apologies were accepted.The spa was also an experience worth mentioning 鈥?the masseuses were well-trained and did reflexology, chakra points, lymphatic drainage, shiatsu, deep-tissue, hot stone, and aromatherapy massages among other treatments! The anti-stress 80 minute massage left two of us feeling like we were walking on clouds afterwards.Tours Having done these other times, we opted to stay beached this year. As usual, other guests returning from excursions waxed poetic about their experiences in Saona. A new one this year was Freedom Adventures to San Rafael del Yuma . . . reasonably priced! See Patricia (she speaks French and Spanish) in the jewellery boutique in the lobby for information. Ask about Lionel (Lee-oh-nel) and his excursion. Departure and Check Out We checked the Sunquest book the night before and found that we had a delay of three hours in our departure time so we got to see our friends longer than we thought the next morning. When our bus did arrive, we were sad to leave our little community and new friends.Conclusion The Colony Bay Resort, its owners, management and staff, deserve kudos for running an operation this smoothly after being rushed to open for the 鈥渉igh season鈥? Two months in, I believe, and the other 5 people in our group concur, they made our stay a pleasure. The fault squarely lies in the promotion being done by the tour companies who have represented the hotel as a 4 1/2 or 5 star. We were appalled to discover that there were such disparities in the prices guests had paid for their one-week all-inclusive stays. We booked in October 2007. Some who booked earlier paid much less, some more. Imagine our dismay, also. to find that travellers from much farther air distances had paid ONE-THIRD what we had for the same rooms, same service, same food and drink and the SAME March Break week!!! Though we are not litigious in nature, we do plan to approach this company from whom we have had superior service in the past, for compensation.What we loved best about Colony Bay was its small size 鈥?there were never any lineups anywhere. We actually saw the same people more than once during the week! We met some amazing folks at this small and intimate resort, and THEY and the staff made this one our best experiences on holiday. All our best wishes to Colony Bay as it grows and improves! Michelle, Sandi, Leah, Jeff, Lynn, Rick, Chris, Gino, Patricia, Audrey, Veronica, Dan, Paige, Cameron, Hanna, Patti . . . and all the others, THANKS! Where to next year, my friends?  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Tarantula_boy
<Content>Pretty good trip       George and Vanessa and Donna and me (Stephen)  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	5	3	

<Author>ChocAHolic10
<Content>Had a Great Time But Not a 4.5 Star Resort       The Beach  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>D_K_Ottawa
<Content>Overall, pleasantly surprised considering previous reviews. After reading a number of very negative reviews, my wife and I were prepared for the worst. In the end, it was an enjoyable week, friendly and helpful staff and some terrific food. Yes, there are a few areas that they can improve on. And, I certainly wouldn't class this hotel as anything above a 4 star at this time. But the great food choices made the few shortfalls easier to overlook. We booked through Sunquest and our reps Leonie and Marie Josee were wonderful. We arrived without incident (except for the looming 50+ cm snowfall that hit Ottawa - we just escaped). But that's another story. Our room was small, but comfortable with great balconies that offer everyone a view of the the water. I recommend dismantling the hotel key chain so you're not advertising the room number. You'll see when you get there. We tipped the hotel maid most days, but it didn't seem to help much with extras like towels, soap, pillows, just be prepared for the basics. The hotel itself is very nicely laid out. You are close to everything you need, the beach is fine. Not the powdered sand you find closer to and south of Punta Cana, but quite acceptable anyway. The waves were really rough, but still a lot of fun to play around in. Watch out for the kids, the undertow could be very strong. If you're into snorkling, I highly recommend taking the five minute walk down to Dreams. You'll see an area that is roped with buoys. There's some really great snorkling in that area and the water is quite a bit calmer in the morning. Reports of glass on the beach, etc in other reviews were not an issue. Some of the shells can be a little rough, so flip flops are wise. We tipped often, a dollar or two here and there. The staff really appreciate it, but they never make you feel like it's required. The service is always with a smile. The entertainment was as you might expect on these types of resorts. Great enthusiasm, lots of dancing and lots of lip-synching. This, I could mostly do without, though. Some day a resort is going to get the brilliant idea of showcasing actual talent from the area. Authentic music, dance, variety, - instead of trying to mimic broadway shows. I would find this much more interesting. I don't need to see another rendition of Michael Jackson or Grease done to lip synching, bad wigs and too much makeup. Oh well, it comes with the territory. We went on two excursions that were terrific. The Carribean cruise on a catamaran - a 4 hour tour that ports in Bavaro. Offered some snorkling, swimming with sharks, and stingrays. It's worth the money and makes for an enjoyable half day. The staff go overboard (no pun intended) to make it a fun time. The other excursion and I highly recommend it, the Monster Truck Safari. It's an all day affair that takes you through many villages, touring the country side, seeing an actual Dominican farm, sampling some fruits, sweets, etc., a nice lunch buffet, and some more touring. All done on a reconditioned military vehicle that can handle the rough roads and the occasional shallow river. It seats about two dozen and the tour guide was very knowledgeable and had a good grasp of English. This money was well worth it as it gets you off of the resort and you get to actually see the people in their normal settings. The most unfortunate way to end the week was with the hotel check out staff. It's too bad to end on a note like this, but the employee was was tasked with the job of checking people out in the morning. Most of his energy however, was spent trying to shake people down for mini bar items they didn't use and long distance calls they didnt make. It became an ongoing joke on the way to the airport after. They tried to pin me with some items from the mini bar that I quite simply did not use. I absolutely refused to pay. Others complained of $15 and $20 worth of long distance phone calls. (In rooms where they didn't even have a working phone). I strongly suggest that the hotel / Sunquest look into this. This is not the last memory you want your customers to have. However, aside from the check out experience...All in all, a nice week away from our miserable winter. I wouldn't hesitate to go to this resort and I expect it to improve once the learning curve straightens out a bit.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Bambisue
<Content>Was Beautiful Went to Colany Bay Resort , in Feb and March of 2008 , this was a new place , and was only opened for a month..still needed some work.but other than that... It was a beautiful place,and the staff was number 1.they went out of there way to make your Holiday , the best. The food was great..... the drinks where the best...and Id go back there again...It is breezy there....but its nice ,because it cools you down....we had great walks on the beach....so if your just looking for a place to relax , and suntan...... and do much of nothing, thats the place to go..we loved it there...So have a Great time when you go...and just injoy your self,Life is what you make it. Gerry and Sue Walsh Merritt B.C. Canada  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunseekers045
<Content>Sunshine  We just returned from our one week trip to the Dominican Rep.  would have to say that overall, we enjoyed our stay.Our travel agent had advised us that Colony Bay Resort recently opened so she wasn't sure about the service. I can confirm that the food services staff, entertainment staff, etc. are quite eager to help, although there may be language barriers at times--nothing serious. The staff are learning English, French, Italian.The food was generally good. They had theme nights each evening  also have a steakhouse  pizzeria. They require bookings every day for your evening meals but this can be easily done either in the morning or early afternoon. (your travel rep. will advise you where this can be done). The pizzeria doesn't require bookings. There is a snack bar ab the disco/sports bar. I was a bit more hesitant to eat anything from here other than the tacos. Why I was hesitant is that food may have been left out for awhile, even though it was wrapped. I also noticed that the juice from the cooked weiners were dripping into the cheese sauce. Yuck!Our first night to the steakhouse was the evening when a fire started in the roof of the buffet next to us. At first there was some confusion--the staff acted on this quite quickly, it was the visitors who were slow leaving the building. The roof, as most of the roofs at the resort ,are made of palm leaves. I'm not sure what started the fire but I can say they managed to put the fire out, thankfully, as this is a windy location. There are no fire alarms or water sprinklers that I noticed. The rooms themselves, are drywall but the buildings are made of concrete blocks. The hotel manager did issue a letter or apology to each room.During our stay, the roof was being repaired  I imagine the buffet should be up  running any day now. In the meantime, all meals were handled out of the beach buffet  the steakhouse. When we did eat at the steakhouse, they ran out of rib eye. Instead, we ordered sirloin. Mine was fine but my partners was grissily. Do order the chicken wing appetizers!Overall, the food was good but there seemed to be an issue with flies around the food, especially after the fire. (most likely because it's an open air buffet). There is ice cream availalble during the day in the breezeway between the pizzeria  sports bar. Yummy! There is also ice cream at the buffets. Bugs: I had one bite, which I am assuming was a mosquito. The staff do spray for mosquitoes. I witnessed this once but heard they do it twice daily.Our room was clean. We didn't care for keyed doors  had some friends who had problems with there's. The room power is turned off  on with a card. This is one thing to keep in mind with the Dominican Rep. is that many people still don't have power so disruptions can occur. We had no problems. Internet is available in the main lobby. The fees are posted in this area.If you don't wear a watch, you may want to bring one or a travel clock as I didn't notice a clock anywhere. (no quarantees to find the time on t.v.. although available on some channels--you just may have to wait  watch awhile to see it).Do not drink the room water. It is fine for brushing teeth  showering. We always had hot water for showers but were advised that this may not always be the case. Our fridge was constantly stocked with bottled water, pop  beer. (no charge) Note: Try to refill water bottles at any restaurant, when possible, to help reduce garbabe. I don't think this country recycles at all!The evening shows were entertaining--great dancers  costumes! They evening had an earlier show for kids. On a couple of evenings, they had shows that involved resort guests. These shows leaned more to adult games--just a note for families with younger kids.Due to the location of the resort, I would not recommend leaving in the evening. Another resort is withing a 10 minute walk  some folks took the cab or walked to a strip mall also 10 to 15 minutes away from the resort. There will be vendors selling there wares at the resort on certain evenings. (jewellery, art, coffe, cigars seem to be the popular items). I find the Dominican a bit pricier than other places I have been to, but when you do barter, cut the price by half or less to start with.The complex is kept clean. The workmanship with tile/grouting is already showing. Again, nothing serious, but too bad for a brand new resort. You will notice tons of garbage on the way to the resort as well as in between the resorts. Sad. We didn't use the casino, but noticed it was small  not used much. The lobby was expansive  a great place to sit  visit or just people watch. There is also a clothing shop  jeweleery shop in this lobby. Behind the room buildings is where there is the gym, spa  another gift shop. We walked through the gift shop but didn't use the spa or exercise room. The pool  pool bar are nice. TThe jaccuzzis  pool are not heated.There are tons of lawnchairs however, it you want a spot near the pool or under a palapa, you may have to get your towel on the chairs before 10 o'clock. There are security guards at the beach, 24/7. Arms bands are not required at this resort or the neighboring resort, so I believe there may be some visiting going on between the two by vacationers on there walks along the beach.Makesure you have plenty of sunscreen. With the winds, I noticted I wasn't feeling hot, but was more succeptabile to burning. Great waves! Watch kids closely.Good mix of visitors at the resort. Mostly Canadian, but also folks from France, Italy, etc. including families, couples of all ages.The only tour we went on was to Saona Island. Getting anywhere in the D.R is painfully long  the roads can be quite rough, other than right out of the airport.We were picked up in a van  then had to wait at a small village to catch our a/c/ bus. There was a motorbike accident, so we were stuck in traffic for awhile. The tour stopped on the way  our return at a store. (tourist trap??? You decide. Good place to shop if your not leaving the resort again. They offered free coffee to all on the bus...the coffee was served in the smallest Dixie cup I've evern seen!!) Hilarious! We drove throught Higuey, the nearest city, before getting to our departure beach on the catamaran. Plenty of vendors, some pushy. The catamaran was relaxing...good music  lots of vitamin(rum). Saona Island is pretty, tons of palm trees, a few vendors. The beach lunch was tastie. Swam  tanned. Left in a speed boat...life jackets provided. Boated to area to see the starfish. This is how it went...look overboard as we drove past the starfish. Then we boated up to an area nearby to get out. Luckliy, we found one large starfish  one baby one. That was it! Boated back to our beach to get on the bus for our long journey back to the resort. The tour company offers a CD's of the filed trip which also includes Dominican history etc  amusic CD. Didn't purchase it or the rum that goes with it. I wished the guide had spoke more of the surroundings  history as we drove in the bus. Loved Saonoa Island, could do without the starfish experience.Kids here love candy...bring dollar store items if you like instead(stickers, etc.) In a nutshell, Colony Bay is not a huge resort  a bit more intimate because of this. We had a clean room, the food was edible (love there chocolate)  the staff were very willing to service  friendly. If you booked thorugh a tour company like Sunquest, etc., I'd recommend you sit through there briefing after arrival. Good info.  tips about the resort  the Dominican.Enjoy the local music!Weather: Very nice. In one week, we experienced rainshowers 3 times. Once at night, once very early in the morning  the last shower late in the afternoon.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joanng
<Content>Not That Bad It's not that it is a bad resort, but it is not 5 star. I would say a 3 star plus. The rooms are very basic but we had no problems in buildings 1 and 2. We thought the food was good and could not complain. We ate at the steakhouse 3 times and it was very good, it may not be alberta beef but the flavor was great. We ate lunch at the beach buffet and it was always good and breakfast at the main buffet was fine too. Apparently since we left, there was a fire in the buffet restaurant,not sure how much damage. The service was very good in all departments. The y have a make-shift casino and disco right now. The new casino will be open in about 2 months. We played in the casino, blackjack and texas holdem. The machines paid quite well, but pretty old. The entertainment will improve, they have only been there a short time, but they did a pretty good job. We didnt't have any problem with the beach and had a great time in the ocean. It was windy everyday, but that could have been a lifesaver because it was hot.If you want a 5 star, pay the extra money and go to DREAMS, just a short walk up the beach, its very nice, but we got the holiday we paid for. We went on the Carribean Festival tour, it was fun. Deep sea fishing was enjoyable, with gravol, but saw no fish. We also went on the Monster Truck Safari which was great and very informative. American money is all you need. We had Leoni as our Sunquest rep and she was very helpful. We had a great time, if you get a smokin price you should go, otherwise I'd give it a little time.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>tlw515674
<Content>Not what we thought or Hoped For ! We had never been to Dominican Republic, we thought we were going to be on the Carribean Sea(our fault) should have made sure. The Hotel i thought would be excellent as it was new. It was a shame at how poor the workmanship was. I almost felt sorry for the owners! Maybe if they had been a little more respectful of the guests, this is a small Hotel. The one fellow never smiled or greeted you, all he ever did was talk on his cell phone or walkie talkie. When we arrived, the bell boys ushered us to the lobby to get our room, don't worry about your bags they told us. We are now registered and go to get our bags, well guess what, my wifes bag is not there. We are told not to worry they will come back with her bag. After almost 4 hours and absolutely no help from this woman Amoria i think her name was. The other staff were of very little help as well. Finally this young lady overheard our problem, Leoni was her name and she worked for sunquest, after explaining to her that our bags were on the bus and that my wifes had not been taken off and that as they only had 2 resorts to stop at after ours, could she please call and see if they had her bag. Which is all we wanted the other staff to do. I was willing to pay the cab fare and go get it. All they kept telling us was wait it will come back or phone office tomorrow, yah right! Leoni made the calls and finally located our bag at a resort 2 down from ours. Leoni called a cab and within an hour or so we had my wifes bag. So just a note to everyone, don't let your bag out of your site, as we were not the only ones that had their bags misplaced. The roads in this country are aweful, why they would build where they did is beyond me, maybe free land. Garbage everywhere, they seem to have no sanatation. I have never met such wonderful friendly people as the Dominican people though. Thankfully we met some wonderful people at the resort, and had some good visits. It's just to bad a lot of talk was about the poor conditions of the hotel and the drinks and food being questionable, we got a bad taste for our first visit, probably won't return to the Dominican anytime soon!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	3	1	

<Author>DP5813
<Content>No Regrets! We enjoyed our stay.       The beach  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>BarneyOntario
<Content>Total waste of money and disgrace to Sunquest       Whats on the matress once the sheet moves?  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	3	2	

<Author>cathydeanna
<Content>beautiful waves yes this is a new hotel. my daughter and I stayed from Feb. 25, 2008 until march 3, 2008 and too say the least it was great ,very personal feeling while your there. colony bay is one of the smallest resorts I have ever stayed in (which is 3 times a year ) but by no means is that a bad thing. You can actually remember a lot of names of the people. If you are a person that likes too get a 5 star service and demand nothing but the best this is not for you, and yes I would have to say it is not a five star nor will it ever be. after saying that it will probably be a solid 4 star once the grounds are more mature considering every plant and flower needs time too grow. we arrived very late around 1 am. I really don't think they were expecting us. there seemed too be some confusion but after a quick drink and some pizza at the sports bar it was all figured out quickly and we had our room. 80 % of the people I spoke to knew English enough to actually have a conversation along with other languages. the room was nice and we had no problems with anything the beds were comfortable,tv and phone worked, shower was one of the best ones I have ever had the water pressure was great and so was the temperature. the food was also very good .I am almost ashamed too admit it but we only made it to breakfast on the last day because my daughter and I stayed out most nights dancing the night away witch I will talk about further down.There is 2 buffets nightly 1 is by the lobby it was very good lots too chose from. we mainly went to the buffet closer to the water because it was outdoors and it had a different theme every night. There was one other restaurant the steakhouse but we were told it was no good and I'm not a big fan of Dominican beef so we didn't try it. sorry forgot about the pizzeria by the sports bar as well ,everyone seemed to like it. the grounds were kept very clean yes the hot tub by the morning would get dirty but you can't control the wind and sand everyone seemed quick to take pictures when it was dirty but in reality they cleaned it often this is what I mean when I say not for people that expect to go to the Dominican and have everything perfect every second of the day. great for people that like to actually go away and enjoy what your there for VACATION!!! the beach (not white sand) but still beautiful was very nice to watch you wouldn't let your children go there unattended but very nice and fun to play in the waves once you get in. the pool was a lot of fun the animation crew was the best . they worked very hard to keep the guest entertained witch they did quite well even thinking about it now I still laugh. If your the type that likes to just relax a simple no thank you and they won't bother you again. the shows at night were also quite entertaining again they work very hard to please you and they do!! There is a very nice lobby bar very nice to sit there and relax before and after dinner bar staff very friendly every where on the resort and you never have to wait for a drink. I don't usually write such a long review but I honestly feel this resort was unfairly judged considering it just opened! Don't be afraid to go here just remember everything takes time and don't sweat the small things and you won't ruin your vacation by being angry because its not perfect YET!!! I witnessed some people being very rude to the staff when in reality all they had to do was ask and I'm 100% sure any problem they did have would have been dealt with in a timely matter. As for the dancing the night away I mentioned earlier the staff are there to make sure you have fun and if you want to I would recommend the disco/sports bar lots and lots of fun, but if you want to sit and relax maybe not so active you definitely have to go to the bar at the main lobby where Daniel and other bar staff will take care of you !  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bitterOntario
<Content>Save your money Flooded suites had to have all of our cloths laundered, no power, no air conditioning part of the time and when it worked it was to loud to sleep. Sheets did not fit the bed, doors not secure with cheap locks, no beach equipment, kids area not finished, steak house no steak, no seafood like every other resort I have stayed in the past 10 years, no towels for many of us at the pool, beach with glass everywhere, fitness centre no air and smelled like glue, no credit card usage, no blankets for pullout bed, mob boss manager clueless, night shows 5 out of 10, and I am going to stop now and give this resort 2 stars and that is for the friendly staff for the most part. I brought 70 people to this resort and the complaints never ended and thank god the weather was good or it would have been a nightmare. I would not go to this resort for at least a few years and maybe never if the owners are the same as they do not care about this resort, this can be seen by the workmanship of the entire compound. cheap, cheap cheap. Remember when you read this that I had the upgrade, you would not beleive the regular rooms if you could fit in the room. This is said to be 4-5 star what a joke, I have been to the DR 7 times and have never seen anything like it and SunQuest should be ashamed for booking this resort as is with out a huge reduction in price. Do not waste your money !!!!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1Hogger
<Content>Not finished -Needs work       bedroom one  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>SusanM_Calgary
<Content>Had a great time!       Rooftop hot water heaters (solar)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>krisrn
<Content>Colony Bay-the good, the bad, the ugly Let me preface this review by saying that we are seasoned travellers with a true understanding of the rating system and how it works. My hubby is 40 and I am not! We have been to Puerto Plata DR, Huatulco MX (x3), Mayan Riviera MX (x2), Jamaica, Bahamas, Panama, along with numerous other non-Caribbean destinations. We stayed at this resort from Feb 23-Mar 1 with 5 other couples. Some of the things I will touch on may seem small and you may think I am overly picky. I simply want to give a comprehensive review - sometimes....all the small things add up and negatively affects your vacation.ARRIVAL - arrived at 2pm. Room not ready but we were fine with this as check-in is not until 3pm. Had lunch, came back at 3pm, and room was ready. Room key is on a chain with a piece of wood that has the room number engraved on it. Very easy to fix...just remove the piece of wood and stash it away until you have to check out.ROOM - quality of workmanship in the room is very poor. Caulking and grout work is very poorly done. There is already mildew over the grout in the shower and I'm not sure why as there is a bathroom fan - maybe it's not vented to the outside? Accessories like soap dish and toilet paper holder are already rusted. The holes in the walls for the receptacles for wall plugs, thermostat, etc were made too big. Walls are very thin. I could hear the man in the next room cough, amongst other things. If it is a very windy night, put a towel against the bottom of the room door or it will bang and rattle. Beds are pretty comfortable but the sheets don't fit the bed - they are too short so, by morning, the bottom sheet is pretty much off the bed. There is a small flat screen TV with a variety of channels and the phones in the room now work. There is no clock so you may wish to bring a small travel clock. In spite of all the little things, we were one of the lucky ones. Leaking pipes seem to be in a lot of rooms and this problem was not unique to just our group. We heard from many other people that they had water problems. One couple we travelled with had water leaking from the bathroom ceiling almost every day and maintenance could not seem to do a permanent fix. Another couple we were there with had to be moved to a different room as the toilet apparently wasn't hooked up properly and backed up all over the room. Yet another couple we were with kept having their air conditioning break down.FOOD - average, just okay. There is a lovely pasta bar and I took advantage of this quite frequently. One woman said to me if there wasn't this pasta bar, I'd go hungry. Maybe a little over the top but, indeed, the food wasn't great. We've stayed at many RIU's, Grand Sirenis, Gala and I would consider their food 5 star and this resort, in comparison, would be a 3 star at best. I will say they do a lovely job on their Mexican-themed night. It was very tasty. Given the ownership is Italian, I would have thought their Italian night would be stellar....average only. We did not try out the steakhouse but the rest of our group did. Some liked, some did not. ALCOHOL - as advertised, only the domestic alcohol is included (mostly Normandy brand). It's not great but the bartenders can mask the taste with some pretty amazing drinks. The sports bar makes the best Chunky Monkeys! You can buy international booze at $5-7 per shot. STAFF - the resort's saving grace! From the grounds keepers, to the chefs, to the servers, to the bartenders, to housekeeping, etc. Almost every staff member we came in contact with was wonderful. There were smiles all round and they wanted to make our stay a pleasant one. The only exceptions were the Sunquest rep (who was replaced by someone else while we were there) and one gentleman at the front desk (see my comments under 'check out').BEACH - Sunquest advertises this as a white sand virgin beach. White sand it is not. It is a beige sand. But it is nice and soft. Unless you step on glass. I'm not sure why there is so much glass on this beach unless it is working it's way up through the sand. This would have been a vacant piece of land before the resort was built which probably had a lot of garbage dumped on it (this seems to be the norm in the DR on vacant land). By the end of each day, we had picked up and put into a cup anywhere from 5 to 15 pieces of glass - just in the immediate area around our palapa. It is very windy at this location so the waves are quite strong. We enjoyed body surfing..lot's of fun. If you are not a strong swimmer, be cautious and use your judgement as the flag telling you about water conditions went missing on day 2 and never returned. One young fellow (early 20's), got pulled under by an undertow and was being pulled out to sea - he managed to swim out of it by swimming parallel to the shore. Oddly enough, the waves weren't as big on that day as they were on other days.PALAPAS/BEACH CHAIRS/TOWELS - towel game is alive and well at the Colony Bay. We don't mind as we are very early risers when we are away and like to be up to watch the sunrise. We were therefore at the beach and choosing our palapa around 6am. My hubby would go with our mugs and get coffee and some pastries and we would watch the show. We watched many people from 6:00am onward put out their towels and leave for hours. The gentleman who is responsible for bringing down the towel cart at 6:30ish can be tipped to save a palapa for you. We had heard this from other guests and indeed we saw this in action. He had an assistant with him first thing and the two of them would wander around putting towels out on beach chairs/palapas around the beach and pool. One day we counted 9 bundles of towels at 5-6 towels per bundle that he put out for guests.POOL - nice size. In-pool loungers are lovely. They did have some trouble regulating the chemicals for a few days and the pool was quite murky for 2 days. I think they shocked the heck out of it at that point which is good but, if you have sensitive skin, you may end up with a rash on your skin everywhere your bathing suit touches it (folliculitis). I know I do! I'm sure Cortate cream will do the trick.AMENITIES, ETC - These are the following things that Sunquest and this resort advertises which are not available at this time: sailboats, minigolf, video games room, conference centre. The fitness centre is not air conditioned and there are only three machines, one of which did not work. The casino is made up of about 10 slot machines and one black jack table. I think there is also a hold 'em table but I never saw anyone there.CHECK OUT - this is where we had our only problem with a staff member. The fellow who checked us out (PM me if you wish to know who), tried to charge us for a long distance phone call that we never made. We kept in contact with our daughter via email (their internet prices are very good) and only used the phone once the whole week to call a couple in another room to give them a wake up call. This fellow became quite rude when I insisted we made no such call. I happened to see the owner in the lobby so I called him over. He said that yes I had made the call but it is no problem and I will not be charged. I very politely explained to him that it is a problem as I had made no such call and suggested he check his phone system.SUMMARY - to sum it up, Sunquest advertises this resort as a 4 1/2 star and the resort gives itself a 5 star. I don't believe this resort will ever be more than a 4 star at best. They would have to tear the place down and start over to improve upon the poor workmanship. We stayed at the Grand Sirenis in the Mayan Riviera shortly after it opened last year and it has 1700 rooms per side. The workmanship there was far better.If anyone launching the complaint or suit against Sunquest is reading this, please personal message me and I will give you my email as I definitely feel we should get a partial refund or travel vouchers for a future trip somewhere else. A month before we were there, this resort showed as fully booked. We met 3 couples there who live in our area that booked it only 2 weeks before they arrived and they paid $500 per person less than we did. We were told this is because many people pulled out due to bad reviews and Sunquest tried to sell it cheap just to fill the rooms.I'm sorry about being so long-winded but I felt very strongly about making this review as comprehensive as possible.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>DanielleB
<Content>It had its issues and I wouldn't say it was a 4 star, but service was great       Pool bar  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	5	2	

<Author>feelingcheated
<Content>Agony Bay Feb 14-21Where do we begin-no white sand beach or calm caribbean water as in the brochure. Water is too rough for water sports, small kids. Red flag (don't go in) or yellow flag (enter with caution) everyday. No one goes to the beach. Broken glass and garbage. Pool was dirty, jacuzzis dirty when they worked, public washrooms unsanitary fith-day two couln't face them anymore and used my room one all the time. We had 4 rooms all with issues from no bedding, no shower curtains, leaking toilet, shower heads that fall on you. No one helped with the luggage. They don't offer kleenex, clock radios, irons/boards, telephones etc. Food is a 2 out of 5. Small buffet but edible. Don't believe the several a la cartes. A lot of staff who don't speak any English. Bar tenders are your best friends. It's the only way to get through the week. Anyone who has never travelled may find it acceptable but if you have anything (even 3 stars) to compare it to you would rate it a 1 or if generous a 2 star. Sunquest will be receiving our official letter of complaint.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vac2008
<Content>Big disappointment is an understatement       AFTERNOON CONSTRUCTION IN OUR HOTEL  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chachadancer
<Content>The beach lover Just came back from Colony Bay and everything I feared before I left came true. Here is a list of unsafe features; room doors-no double locks, old fashion keys with wooden tags bearing room number prinnted in big letters visible by everyone.there were several shafts in the hallways with pipes exposed - doors left open and slamming loudly at night, had to get up and place towels to stop the loud banging, not to mention a child could fall in them easily. Beacause they had to finish in a hurry the workmanship in the layng of marble and tiles is terrible. There are little ledges everywere and you really have to look at the floor while walking to avoid tripping. The pool bar serves drinks in plastic glasses that are left in the sand around the pool and beach ,they are collected, washed in the little sink and re-used, very unsanitary. The lobby bar serves bottled water. As mentioned by others, the pool and whirlpool full of sand, Sunquest rep kept saying at the briefing it was because of the strong wind but also due to the fact that there was no showers for people to wash off coming from the beach. They did manage to build them by the second week. They 're in the process of building some kind of retaining wall around the pool, thei built some wooden posts, not much progress so far.The big sign in front of the entrance says:COLONY BAY RESORT SPA AND CASINO ***** what a joke! the only people that deserve the five stars are the servers and the animation team. They really saved the day! Sunquest had no business selling this resort this early, we have been coming to Punta Cana for ten yers and always had good experience. We managed to meet some of the owners, members of the Giglio family, they wanted to be notified of any problems and did manage to solve most of the minor ones. As far as the food, beside the pasta bar, there was none of the basic Italian items that we found in all other resorts in Punta Cana, it was almost impossible to get basic oil and vinegar for the salad instead of the prepared creamy dressing. As mentioned there were no a la carte restaurants as advertised, the steak house had no steak and very limited menu.The breakfast buffet was good, the girl at the fresh juce bar was sweet, I asked her the first day if she could make my juce with no sugar or milk, she made it every day soon as I walked into the dining room. Our waitress Marcellina always served our coffee with a smile. Because we were a large group and made our own fun, we still had a good time overall, had we gone the two of us only we would have been bored with not much to do.Other problems byond they control were the bumpy ride from the airport, horrible, strong winds and rough ocean. We walked in front of dreams resort were there is a little bay and water was very calm so we could swim. This resort will improve in time, but will never be a five star.By the way the Italian rewiever is not a turist, I know exactly who wrote it.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Louise002
<Content>Colony Bay Resort a big disappointment       roughed in shower for sandy feet  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	2	3	2	

<Author>jan678
<Content>Not even remotely a 4 star hotel!!!   showReview(13720288, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	4	4	2	

<Author>scooter01
<Content>Got Lucky       Pool Bar  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>boggieboarder
<Content>it was okay   showReview(13458024, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>frizzyMontreal
<Content>Colony Bay Catastrophe   showReview(13438282, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	1	3	1	

<Author>Osmium
<Content>M茅diocre   showReview(22045933, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ninaCannes
<Content>G茅nial   showReview(16453817, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>BeBiTa_iZaS
<Content>Hotel de Inserso   showReview(16081898, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	1	3	3	

<Author>neo2991
<Content>Inquetude Terminer   showReview(14485477, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bleulalie
<Content>hotel magnifique!       piscine hum!!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>fmeol
<Content>Nouvel H么tel...       piscine  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>vivieGatineau
<Content>cauchemar       jacuzzi  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	3	2	

<Author>penisolatour
<Content>Toda gioia..toda beleza...   showReview(13591055, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Loutre5468
<Content>Nouvel h么tel   showReview(13437381, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	2	5	2	

