<Author>getthetruththengo
<Content>No way Jose While the location is pretty good, this hotel has definitely seen better days. We got a decent rate so I can't complain TOO much, but to describe it as shabby would be generous. The staff, however, were helpful when needed. My primary complaint, other than the general run down atmosphere, is that the place was so moist it was disgusting getting in the bed. The sheets felt wet/clammy.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>Hawkler
<Content>Disgusting, filthy hotel!!!! Ok, so this was my fourth business trip to PR. I had stayed previously at the Ritz, Marriott and the Hilton next door to this crappy hotel. Upon arrival, there was no bellmen to open the door for me, so I had to hoist all my luggage myself with my husbands help. When I proceeded to check-in, he arrived and said he'd help me with my luggage. Well, when I checked in, the girl at the Front Desk told me she had upgraded me to an ocean view room. I thought, well, at least she's being nice-I was very hesitant on coming here from all the horrible reviews about this place). When we got to the room, I asked the bellman about possibly booking a tour to the rain forest, and he told us that he had a taxi and did excursions, and could take us there himself. We thought it a bit strange, and so we declined. We were probably not going to have enough time anyways. We get to the room, and the first thing I see is how disgustingly filthy the carpet is!! It was just plain nasty! I go to the window to see the view, and the blinds fell off! When I look out, I notice that I can't see anything, because the window is filthy! My husband is getting really mad at this point, but I convince him to calm down. He goes to lie on the bed and he notices that there is a stain, that appears like old blood, on the pillow! To top it all off, there were hairs in the sink! My husband went to the front desk, and spoke with the supervisor, and she apologized and offered to change us to another room-she tried everything to get us to stay. We told her that we didn't want to stay due to the poor condition of the hotel, and so she let us leave without charging us. Be warned, this hotel is filthy and I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy!! You're better off staying at the Hilton next door.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	4	2	1	

<Author>PRTravelerAllTheTime
<Content>Traveler be warned! First let me say that I travel to Puerto Rico monthly for business and I have stayed at the Normandie seven or eight times. I have encountered all of the following problems there: FILTHY rooms that stink and have trash, etc. left from previous guests; toilets won't flush; thermostats don't work; so much moisture in the room that mold and mildew are growing on every surface; broken refrigerators and microwaves; I started carrying Lysol with me on each trip in an effort to avoid illness; mildewed shower curtains; extremely noisy - parties in the atrium that are WAY too loud, even during the week; totally unresponsive front desk and manager who just looks at you when you ask questions/make complaints; I was overbilled more than once; even after my company paid a direct billed stay, I found a credit card charge on my personal charge TWO MONTHS after a stay at this hotel - it took me almost two more months to get anyone to respond (and then someone from my company locally had to go in to the hotel and protest on my behalf). After many complaints, my colleagues and I now stay at the Condado Plaza - it's not perfect, but it's WAY better than this place. CONSIDER YOURSELF WARNED - and watch out for the falling plaster from the side of the building - that really dinged up my rental car on one of my last stays!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Hopelight
<Content>Bad Bad BAd!!!! I arrived at 1 am and when I check in they want to charge me the night bafore because the night audit didnt run the night and in the sistem still the day before. i say that i will wait because i work in a hotel and the night audit run the night very fast. I sleep in the lobby because she was so slow and I arrive at 1AM and I have a place to sleep at 7:00 a.m. I was so tired because Ive been flight from Mexico and the people there didnt care. In the lobby when I got a liittle bit of sleep the security wake me up because I cant sleep in the lobby. can you beleive that !!!!! The room have a very nice view but need to be updated all the facilities..  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	2	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>PRDreaming
<Content>Pick A Different Hotel Now This was my husband and I, second trip to Puerto Rico. We bragged about the island and invited family with us this time to experience the reason we LOVE coming here. We were so excited about the hotel history and location! So upon our arrival to the hotel we were greeted by the bell hops and taxi people. And we thought WOW they are excited we are here. So as we proceeded to check in to the hotel, the receptonist was very rude, as if we have interupted her evening! So we thought okay she is having a bad night. When we got into our rooms we thought nice lay out. As we started to scan the room we noticed that it was not fully cleaned!! Food was left on the floor, personal items left under the night stand in clear view from previous patron!!!! Carpets were soiled! Bathroom shower curtain what a joke, your better off leaving the curtain open! The curtain was WAY SMALL!!! Every time you turned on the shower it would open!!! The hotel was a meat locker, literally!!!! So for the week we stayed there the maid service came in to do their duties, but they still never picked up personal items in clear view, or the food that was still on the floor. So that only leads me to believe they just do pickup after guests. So I question myself on the bedding?? The visit to Puerto Rico aside from the hotel accommodations was GREAT, many things to do and see! The food was exellent in Old San Juan!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	4	1	1	3	3	

<Author>PR-JAM
<Content>Nightmare I booked this hotel because I thought it would be a cool place to stay but I soon learned otherwise. The pool area was cheesy and dirty, the room had a horrible odor, one of the beds was slanted to the front, the carpet and the lounge chairs where stained and filthy dirty and the toilet wouldn't flush properly. Also they advertise a beach in the back but that could hardly be called a beach. The water comes straight up to the wall in the pool area therefor leaving no room for lounging on a chair or blanket. I also had to wait an hour for my room to be ready even though I got there an hour after check-in time.I checked out the next day and checked into the beautiful Marriott just 5 minutes away. It was night and day.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	1	

<Author>chispo26
<Content>Stressful Stay My husband and I stayed at the Normandie from Oct. 28 through Nov. 3rd. We immediately noticed that the hotel was a bit run down, dirty carpets, furniture outdated and the refrigerator was not working properly. The room had an adjourning door to another room and later on in the evening the guest of that room had the television blaring We phoned the front desk to ask if security would at least come upstairs and ask that the television be lowered and to our amazement, nothing was done. Our first sleepless night in the Normandie. Early next morning, my husband requested that we be moved and a clerk behind the counter told us that that would be no problem. We are given new keys and we found ourselves changing to second room around midnight that evening. The following evening (Oct. 31) while getting ready to meet friends for dinner, a booming sound of a what appears to be a disco is over our new room. My husband goes downstairs and discovers that we have been moved to a room right underneath a party room. My husband very upset by now, so much so that I feared that he would get ill, goes down to the lobby and demands to know why if he requested a quiet room the night before, the clerk deliberately placed him in a room under the hotel disco. We were then moved a third time and this time it was to the smoking floor, needlessness to say that I am asthmatic. We spent the rest of our stay comint in the evening to sleep and leaving a window open for ventilation. We are looking into disputing the charges for our stay at this hotel. It is apparent that this hotel is mismanaged. Stay as far away from this hotel unless your idea of a fun time is moving from room to room within the hotel. Your vacation most definitely will be ruined if you stay at the Normandie.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>ChicagoTinker
<Content>Skip it Our travel book recommended this hotel. We got a good deal on a room so we decided to stay here. My husband and I traveled to Puerto Rico with travel back packs instead of your classic luggage because we were moving around a lot. From the moment we walked in the door I felt that the staff treated us poorly. We arrived too early to check in so we decided to use the pool while we waited for our room. The pool lady seemed very suspicious of us and just handed us beach towels without saying anything. The pool is freezing cold. The hotel is on the beach, but the beach is dirty and right next to a public park so there were a ton of random kids running around. The room and amenities were nice but other than that, I would say skip this hotel and find a place where the staff treats everyone as a guest.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>FunshineSunshine
<Content>Made the Best of It We just returned from an 8 day vacation in Puerto Rico at the Normandie Hotel. The hotel is not what I thought it would be. My room was on the 4th floor and did not have a balcony. It was disappointing to see an unsightly, rusty roofed building behind the hotel between my room and the beach, partially blocking my oceanview. My hotel room windows consisted of several small window panes. All but two were sealed shut and the two that would open, would not stay open unless you held or propped them up with something. There was no beach area to speak of behind the hotel. It was more like a rocky shoreline and was mainly blocked because of the other building behind the hotel. There was an outdoor swimming pool but nothing fancy, no hot tub, towels, etc., and it was surrounded by a painted white concrete wall. The pool was located on the far left, rear side of the hotel. That was the only available space for it. Once we entered the hotel all we saw were walls. There were no windows on the first floor to view anything outside of the hotel. Hotel entertainment was less than desirable and the advertised continental breakfast cost $12.00 per person. A regular cup of coffee cost over $4.00. The dining area was not an actual restaurant, but rather an open area in the middle of the first floor. On the good side, our room wasn't bad. Our bed and pillows were very comfortable, and the hotel was very clean. The maid service was outstanding, plenty of fresh, plush towels everyday. Most, if not all, hotel workers are uniformed or wear suits. Hotel workers were very polite; not all workers were friendly but they were polite. If you're looking for a reasonably priced, clean, classy, secluded, escape-from-the-world type hotel, the Normandie is for you. Our mistake was booking a hotel, and expecting resort amenities. Because of that, we didn't spend much time at the Normandie. Instead, we ventured over to the local resorts and enjoyed thier amenities, shops, restaurants, etc. I would certainly recommend the Normandie to people looking for a hotel, not a resort.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pradosv
<Content>Loved my bed I went for a conference and only stayed one night. Overall, the hotel and room were clean and the staff pretty friendly. I really enjoyed the bed. I would recommend this hotel to a business traveler.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Alimia
<Content>Not a family freindly hotel My family stayed at the hotel August 11-17, I was originally scheduled to stay at another hotel for the first three days, but the location was not a place I wanted to stay. So we ended up here, when you first get there it seem nice the outside the staff and the front desk, I had booked a two bed got a one bed and called the front dest and they put me on the second floor SMOKING floor, alhough you could not smell the smoke in the halls the rooms anoher story, you walk in and the smell hits you in the face, having small kid and being told they had not other double bed room we had to stay there of course we disinfected the place and made it smell better with lots of air freshners. The hotel has a great view from the pool to the ocean, the bar, resturant and other items are over over priced, blieve me breakfast for $11.00 for eggs is just un heard of, the location was okay, but you did have to drive every where. The view from my room was the Hilton, now that hotel is very nice and had so much to offier for families, I think that would have been a better stay. I think this hotel needs to be aired out definatley cause it just to stuffy, all rooms even when I move to the 4th floor the smell just hits you when you walk in and the carpet is dirty and needs a hot water, deep down cleaning. I think most of the smell comes from the dirty rug. We spent more time alway from the hotel then in it, and when there we were at the pool, I think this hotel needs to come down to earth and notice that it is not a 3.5 or 4.00 rated hotel by any means, the Embasssy suites in Isla Verde would have to be a 5.00 if this is rated 3.5 or 4, I stayed there 3 years ago and it was fanstatic, I think I will plan my stays a little better and stay in kid frendly places for sure.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>corycountryman
<Content>Interesting Hotel Hotel was really unique though the bar and restaurant that was highly touted were either closed or empty during our stay. The best thing about it was the hotel next door that had a great beach  a Starbucks.Location was okay though you still needed a cab to get to old SJ. Rooms were a bit worn but the views were great from the balcony.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>cnorras
<Content>Nice experience for the business traveller This is an older building, so don't expect everything to be sparkling and perfect. However the facility was clean and very confortable. The staff was very accomodating and probably since this was the slow time of year, my check-in was really quick. The restaurant was average and overpriced, I thought. But I only had one dinner. The breakfast in the Atrium bar was very nice, but a little pricey. Drinks in the bar were pretty expensive. Overall I had a pleasant experience. If you're looking for something different, the Normandie is a nice hotel with character.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>BarrieLew
<Content>They Ripped Me!!!!!!!! Since I had waited until 3 days prior to arriving before booking a reservation, I used Priceline and ended up with this hotel. It turned out to be less than family-friendly with no accomodations for our kids outside of the pool. On checking out they gave me the receipt and we headed for the airport. Three days after returning home the hotel slammed my account for additional charges we did not incur!!!!!!! They ripped us off and we have no way of getting our money back now that we are back in the states. My advice..........stick with the big chains. There is a Hilton right next door the the Normandie with restaurants and shops.....go there instead!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>trippinCrownPoint_In
<Content>BOO-Tique Hotel My stepdaughter  i booked a trip to San Juan for 7/24 to 7/27 thru Travelocity. Our plane was due in @ 5:30am on the 24th, not wanting to wait 9 or so hours for our room to be ready i preemptively PURCHASED ( not reserved- purchased) a room thru hotel.com for the 23rd which in my mind meant that i would have a hotel room from 3pm(check-in) on 7/23 til 12pm(checkout) on 7/24 at which time my package would be closer to kicking in so surely they would just leave us in the room we were in. Silly me! Our planes was delayed twice so we didn't arrive til 8am. We got to the hotel Noramandie only to be told that our room had been given away because we were considered a no-show. Needless to say i hit the roof questioning how they could give away a room that was PAID for. I went round  round with the front desk staff  manager til my weary from travelin mind couldn't take it anymore, i ended up having to call hotels.com who straightened things out. Oh but it gets worse.. After ending their call with hotels.com I was informed by the staff that unfortunately they didn't have our requested double bed room. Again showing them my receipt i questioned why they didn't have what i payed for. I was told that a request is just that a request, it's not guaranteed. In lieu of the double beds that we requested we where offered a cot, still weary from the long travel  with no fight left in me i said whatever just give me the key to my room I'm tired. We get to our room and open the door  the most overwhelming smell of mildew smacks us in the face. For the most part the hotel  rooms look just like the pictures on the net, however you cant see how filthy the carpet is through out the property. I wouldn't have dared to walk on the floor in our room bare footed. You cant see the thick layering of dust that covered the air conditioning vent in our room from the pics on the net either. I woke up the next morning with severe sinus congestion and the day after that I woke up with a rash on my face! Oh did i mention that they brought us the crappiest cot that i've ever seen in my life. Not that I'm a connoisseur of cots but this thing was so antiquated that it looked like something from the 50's, so we ended up sharing the king bed. We really didn't hang around the hotel that much because there was nothing to do there, at one point we sat in the lounge area for an hour  not one soul passed by. For entertainment we spent some time next door at the Hilton as their lounge area was filled with people dancing and having a good time. With the exception of a class reunion that reserved the only club in the hotel on the 26th(it was closed to the other hotel guests) the place was virtually void of people which is another reason why i just couldn't understand why we couldn't have the room the we reserved and purchased. I am of the opinion that they don't have rooms with double beds because that hotel was by no means booked up. The Normandie is an old hotel that somebody slapped a few coats of paint on  added some contemporary furniture to. Its by no means a 3 1/2 to 4 star hotel and its highly over priced. The best part of the Normandie is the lounge area which is nicely decorated (even though the carpet is FILTHY) the bartender there was really nice, also the 2 concierges were helpful. The worst things about the Normandie are the front desk staff , the manger, the filthy floors, and the mildewed smelling room. I would recommend this hotel to someone that i didn't like. CAUTION: Personal items were stolen from my checked suitcase at the San Juan Airport!! My travels didn't end there as i left for Jamaica on the 29th of July.Check out my review of the new Grand Palladium!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>willsanderson4
<Content>WORST experience I mean honestly this is supposed to be a 3.8 star out of 5 and all trendy and cool, and the MOTEL we stayed at in louisville, kentucky was nicer, safer, quiter, CLEANER, and (1) didn't turn my water off the first night, (2) didn't turn my power off the second night, and (3) didn't turn my TV and internet off the the laaaast night!!As far as the location, well I was in an almost attempted car jacking on the first night I was here, less then a mile away from the hotel. The area is not safe at all...  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	-1	2	2	1	

<Author>maestraWisconsin
<Content>Wonderful! I stayed with a friend for 8 nights. I was a bit scared after reading many of the other reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. It was nothing like the horrible things I read about. The staff was always friendly and incredibly bilingual (we do speak Spanish but they used mostly English with us). The room was clean and freshened daily. The pool area is not a resort pool area but it has lounge chairs and tables. It was a clean and nice pool, although not large. The beach is not impressive but the hotel is close to the public beaches (basically right next door). If you really want a beach experience, I'd suggest taking the bus to Isla Verde where there is a sandy bottom and tons of nice public beaches. The food at the hotel was very good but we found a lot of really nice places within walking distance on the Condado beach strip. The location of the hotel was perfect for us. We could catch the bus or walk into Old San Juan (I'd recommend not walking the first day like we did...). We walked to dinner every night and back and it was only about a mile or so each way, depending on where we ate. Overall, I am very happy with this hotel and would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DJM1980
<Content>Theft WARNING!!! We stayed here for only two nights. On the Second night my partners little brother left his Sony PSP, the mains charger and all his games in his rucksack next to his bed. After going out for some food in San Juan town we returned to find the items gone!Okay, it should have been in the safety deposit box but he is a child and forgot.We confronted the management who along with security took up the task of investigating it on our behalf, and we left it with them that night. The next day, we were told that all of the items stolen from the room would be replaced by the hotels Insurance company and they would be in touch as we had to fly home. Its now the 20th July 2008 and after costly phone calls from UK to San Juan the items have not been replaced. We managed to get a contact at their insurance company who after sifting through the mutiple claims made at this hotel the SAME NIGHT! found our details and missing items but to this date have not paid up or replaced. The only person who had keys apart from us to this room apparantly was the maid, who the managers say they have identified as the culprut. Apart from that stay at The Hilton Next Door. There pool and beach looked lovely and it was pretty much the same price. Food and facilities at the Normandie, Rubbish!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jcll93
<Content>great hotel If you can't afford the 4 star and up hotels, this is a great place to stay, beautiful hotel with very friendly staff, large rooms with an amazing bed, nice bathroom,was on the fourth floor in the back and was very quiet, even with parties going on. a little musty at first but smell was gone after the first night with AC on, stayed 4 nights. To walk to old San Juan would take you about 30 minutes(nice walk), not too much around if you don't have a car besides other hotels, beach is very small and for locals, nice pool though. Not one problem with the room, very happy stay.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Maho_Shojo
<Content>Skip the Normandie and stay at the Caribe HIlton Stayed at the Normamdie for business with my colleague for a few days. When we arrived they informed us that they wouldn't give us two beds as we had requested initially because they couldn't ensure their availability until the guest arrives. After much discussion they finally gave us another room with two beds but we had to wait over three hours because they couldn't clean the room they had offered us because there was NO RUNNING WATER in the hotel. After graciously informing us that they added that there also wouldn't be running water the following day for several hours due to maintenance reasons. Although the suite was nice and spacious, the service was so poor and the staff so rude that we didn't want to spend much time there. The pool and beach at the Normandie are mediocre to say the least, compared to the Hilton next door. It was also surprising to see that the restaurant and lounge bar were absolutely deserted because we knew the hotel was full. Later we found out that everyone was actually at the Hilton having a fantastic time. We ended up using the facilities over there and had a fabulous time. Unlike the Normandie, they have friendly and helpful staff, an amazing private beach and gorgeous facilities.Really, save yourself the trouble and stay at the Hilton. My other colleagues ended up leaving to another hotel as well as they treated them even worse than us.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>palito25
<Content>Poor service and worse hospitality I stayed at Normadie hotel in San Juan (Puerto Rico) for only one night in a business trip.As soon as I checked in, I tried to connect to internet in my room. To my surprise, after calling several times to front desk, I was informed that guests could only connect if they had their own network cord...so the room had an internet connection but the hotel could not supply a cord!!Then, I tried to turn on my TV but there was no remote commander!After claiming again to front desk and waiting for 20 minutes, a very rude lady brought one, which hardly worked...Overall, the room was dirty and with signs of humidity on the walls. Considering I payed $150 the night, it was a very poor experience.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jds317
<Content>Noisy Stayed at this hotel for 1 week for a work conference. Two nights the noise was so loud that we couldn't sleep. The first night was on Sunday for a wedding reception and the second night was on a Wednesday for prom. When called to tell the front desk about the noise, was informed that they would try to get them to turn down the volume, but the volume was not turned down. They seemed unconcern that other guests were disturbed by the noise. The hotel is OK if you are not disturbed by loud music until 1AM, but if you're looking for rest, this is not your hotel.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>younglemurs
<Content>Nightmare/Albtraum/Cauchemar/Pesadilla/Incubo The Normandie was the worst experience we have ever had at any hotel. We booked our room via hotel-guides.us 30 days before our trip. The room was paid in full. Upon arrival, we were told that the hotel had received a cancellation notice via fax from travelocity.com. They could not produce the fax, which isn't surprising since we didn't book the room through travelocity and I doubt any travel website has communicated by fax in over a decade. We called hotel-guides.us, and after 45 minutes of difficult negotiation with the hotel, we were offered at lesser room than the one we booked at the same rate. We had little choice since it was a holiday weekend and every room in San Juan was booked. The room we were given was directly beneath a wedding party with a live salsa band playing at an incredible volume. The furniture, windows, and plumbing shook violently until 3 am. The staff was completely unresponsive to our multiple requests to be moved. I would have rather slept in the street. Avoid at all costs.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>mangom
<Content>Rip Off We booked through Priceline, our bid of $100 was accepted very art deco, clean, expensive bar and restaurant.Stupid breakfast of stale pastry for $12.95.At check out we were charged a Hotel Tafiff of $9, the desk clerk told me it was for towels?Are you kidding!I should have bid on the Ritz.Avoid this hotel!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoizeFnF
<Content>Save your money, sanity and time..avoid this hotel We arrived at the Normandie on 4/28/08. From the outside and lobby, it is a beautiful old hotel. But once you enter the rooms, watch out. When we arrived on 4/28/08, we unpacked our clothes etc only to find out later on about an non-working TV set. Instead of the hotel replacing the tv, they had us repack all of our luggage and slep to another room. Once in that room, we turned on the tv....unpacked and put our luggage away. Guess what, the fridge in the room did not work. We called the front desk and they replaced the broken fridge with a working one. All was great until the next morning. We woke up for a flooded bathroom. We were then directed to pack up again and move to yet another room. When in the third room, we notice the fridge was not working in THAT room either. They replaced the fridge again. We showered, put the door tag up for fresh towels and left for our day beginning now at 10:30am. Upon arriving back at 5:30pm, the room was STILL unmade, no towels etc. Two hours went by and finally someone came to make up the room. Wednesday was uneventful. Thursday evening, we decided to order room service. Upon delivering the food, we noticed RAW chicken, Raw Vegetables and COLD sausage side. When we called room service and said they slop would be outside the room, they sent up, what could best be described as a comediene who thought the whole experience was the funniest thing she had seen in recent years. We called the room service manager who said he was told the food was bad and really did not want to hear it again. So much for customer service. When she was later asked what was so funny, she was just nervous and laughs out loud when nervous. Spoke to the manager Friday morning and was reimbursed 2 nights. I would recommend staying outside in the rain, outside in extreme heat or in a tent before I would tell someone to stay at this dump. Between the filthy stained furniture, stained rugs, mildew smell in the rooms, disgusting windows crusted with bird droppings and the terrible staff, it was a wasted week in paradise.Stay somewhere else!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	2	

<Author>momokekeke
<Content>ok overall This hotel turned out to be better than I had expected. The staff was friendly and the room was clean and spacious. Bathroom could've been better (old and had stains) but ok overall.If you like to hang out in the pool, just know that it's very small and there's no outdoor bar. Beach is very tiny also with no beach chairs. We went next door to Hilton's to use their beach. The hotel is located between Old San Juan and Condado. You could walk to both places but don't recommend walking to OSJ since it takes too long and will be too hot to walk. What you can do is to take the local bus (50cents) to the city. Make sure to use the local trolley that's ran by the city when you are in OSJ. It takes you around the whole city and is FREE.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2bythec
<Content>This old ship needs some love This lovely old hotel has great potential - but fails to deliver. Indeed, as noted in other reviews, the staff are terribly rude and I felt the whole time they did not want us there. Also, as noted by others, there was no washcloths and even after repeated requests for fresh towels and facecloths, we gave up on waiting. They also pulled the no more than 3 persons in the room line with us upon check in. Coffee, if you are interested, will cost you almost 5$ for a single cup (go across the street to the Subway instead for a $3 breaky including coffee). The hotel was very smelly (musty) and very dirty (the carpets are flithy). Yet, the rooms are large though and the decor is lovely. This place screams potential but is in sad shape overall. As other reviews have stated, it is a costly $10 taxi ride to town. Or, you can hike it for under 25 minutes if you cut through the park or grab a bus for 0.50 cents almost across from the hotel. In Old San Juan, you can take the trolley, the bus, or the ferry to explore (all better options than the cab).The beach behind the hotel is flithy. Garbage everywhere and even dirty diapers strewn beach-side.On the upside...The Concierage was a little friendlier than anyone else encountered there and can be somewhat helpful. Also, the pool was very nice. If you want to enjoy the area's view, slip out on the balconey through the excercise room.Overall, it was not so bad... if you can get past the staff, the smell, and the dirty carpets... focus instead on the decor, and the history of the old place (which was modeled after a ship; one where the original owner had met his wife - they say the hotel was a love letter to her).  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>SouthSide10
<Content>Horrendous Service My wife and I stayed at the Normandie along with two other couples, all in for a mutual friend's wedding. The hotel is very easy on the eyes, but in a somewhat inconvenient location because you need a cab to get to either a nice beach or to Old San Juan. The hotel has a beach, but it is very small. You're much better off getting to a beach east of the Normadie during the day. That said, we had many problems with the service. In fact, this was the worst service we have ever experienced in a hotel. We were told by soon-to-be-wed friend that she had left a San Juan welcome kit at the Front Desk. We didn't get the welcome kit until we checked out and that was only after asking 4 different employees. Also, the breakfast service in one of the hotel's restaurants was equally atrocius. Not a single wait staff led us to a table or offered us a drink. At the end, when we went to pay for the buffet (which was not complimentary), we could not even get the attention of the wait staff. We left without paying for the below-average food. Finally, when we complained at the check-out about our bad experience, the manager on duty offered us a free meal at the same restaurant where the wait staff ignored us. We declined and vowed to write this review. If we had to do it again, we would have booked a hotel in Old San Juan. There are restaurants, museums, and bars, which cannot be said for the area around the Normadie. If you want to visit a beach around San Juan, it's just as easy to take a cab from Old San Juan as the Normadie. San Juan was fantastic, as was the rest of Puerto Rico we saw (Culebra, Fajardo, the food, the people, the culture). The Normandie was an oustandingly poor exception. If we have the opportunity to go back to San Juan again, it would take a lot for us to darken their door again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>LJ27
<Content>A Good Value for the Price I booked the Normandie after seeing that it was recommended in Frommer's Guide for one night prior to departing on a cruise out of San Juan. After reading the reviews in Trip Advisor, I considered canceling and going to another hotel. I am very glad that I did not. The hotel was nice and clean and the rooms were spacious. We had a good lunch and breakfast in a dining area that was open 24 hours and we had a delicious dinner and wine tasting in the nicer restaurant. Everyone was very nice. The pool area was nice. The beach was small and I would not consider this to be a beach resort although it was located on the water. It was right next door to the Caribe Hilton so you could walk over there for additional places to eat. It is a $10 taxi ride from here to Old Town. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jakebelle
<Content>nice hotel I got this hotel through Priceline.com for a good price. After I read the reviews I was very nervous about staying here. Should not have been worried. We got a room on the top floor and it was very clean, no dirty rugs, bathroom very clean and service was great. I called room service about 11:30 pm for some more sheets and they brought them up right away. About a 5 minute wait. Hotel staff were very friendly. We arrived at 12:30 p.m. on a Friday and was able to get into our room right away. Pool was very clean and nice. If you want to stay at a hotel with a nice beach, this isn't the one but you can walk right next door just a few steps to a very nice beach.We walked to Old San Juan and it was a very pleasant walk. May be too far for some. We are in our 50's and it was a very scenic walk. We also walked back at night around 9:00 p.m. and didn't feel unsafe at all. We stayed on the main road. There were many joggers and walkers out at the same time. We didn't experience any loud music at night either.No complaints at all. We would stay here again.I would recommend this hotel for people who are staying over before or after a cruise.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>janie48176
<Content>A tent would be cheaper and cleaner I bid on a 3.5 star hotel and got the Normadie. This in NO way a 3.5 star hotel. I wouldn't give it 2 stars. We got to the hotel at 2PM. We were told our room wouldn't be ready until 3PM. Well it wasn't ready at 3PM, but finally was at 3:30PM. The room was large, but the carpet, and the room was just dirty. The windows were so filthy you couldn't even see out of them. We tried to just make the best of it. I read another review where someone else didn't get wash clothes. Well we didn't either. In the morning I couldn't wait to get out of there. We checked out and I was told I was all set. Since I paid Princeline ahead of time and never used anything extra, phone, room service (doubt they even have it), movies etc. i thought that was it. WELL NO...they added a charge of $15.90 to my credit card after we left. Found out there is some sort of resort fee. This is NOT a resort. Priceline told me I would have to contact the hotel. This was obviously something they try and get away with and probably do a lot. I don't know if I will use priceline again after this experience and if you are booking a hotel direct...DONT STAY HERE! In the halls on the 3rd floor they have bloody pictures. What great decor for families with kids-NOT! My 10 year old was the one that noticed it.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>LOTRfan
<Content>Decent enough hotel I have mixed feelings about my stay at this hotel. The staff were excellent and very helpful. When I had problems with their WiFi (it didn't work) or when I accidentally broke one of the shade cords in my room, they were very prompt (in 5 minutes) in fixing the problem. They were also great for the diving I did with Caribe Aquatic Adventures.On the down side, I thought their continental breakfast was sorrowful. They're also 2 miles from Old San Juan. It cost me $10 each way to go to and from there via a taxi.If you intend to see Old San Juan, I'd try to find a hotel that is closer. If you want one that is close to a beach, this might be the one for you. If you want one close to the cruise ship piers, you might want to find one closer to the piers. It'll cost you $13.50 via taxi to get to the Pan American pier from this hotel and $10 to get to pier 4 which I believe is used for transiting cruise ships.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	5	5	3	

<Author>ngelwings
<Content>a nice surprise The C aribe HIlton was over booked, so some of us were booked into the Normandie. (We were there on a convention). I read some of the reviews (all seemed bad) and was afraid of what we were going to find there. To our surprise, it was NOT like the reviews said...The staff couldn't have been nicer or more efficient. Our room faced the ocean and was clean. The bathroom was immaculate! Of course, this is not a brand new hotel..you have to realize that it is an old hotel, but one thing ..it was not horrible! We ate breakfast in the atrium and it was yummy. Most of all, we LOVED Tom ..the owner of the boutique in the hotel..He was so friendly and helpful and fun to talk to !!!And yes, the lobby was cold...but it was 85 degrees outside so it felt good!!! I would go back and stay there again....  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TIfhot17
<Content>If your Looking for a great time in San Juan, Don't stay at NORMANDIE! First of all I'd just like to state that the hotel's employees are rude and not for helping customers and assist them with their stay! After coming back from a tour within in San Juan with the 4 persons whom i checked in with in the morning, while having to wait for my room till 3:00 pm from coming in from 10 am, we ask customer service for 3 extra towels after finding that there were NO WASHCLOTHS AT ALL! Okay, figure I wouldn't make a big deal about there being no washcloths and also having to wait to get my room till 3 pm, come to find out that they decide to tell us that the hotel's fire code doesn't allow more than 3 people to sleep in the room after WE ALL CHECKED IN TOGETHER AT THE SAME TIME FOR THE SAME ROOM! They gave us the option to pay extra to obtain another room or we will be kicked out! NO ONE EVVVERRR TOLD US upon making reservations OR calling three times prior to check on our reservation to secure it that there CANNOT BE more than 3 people in the room THEN try to act as if we were in the wrong when your Hotel reservation agents FAILED TO INFORM US OF THAT BULLcrap code! Not only were they trying to act as if it were our fault and should pay for the extra room, but if your employees made a mistake for such an important code to be followed then the hotel should compensate and make sure that we follow the restrictions. NOT INCONVENIENCE US WHILE WE WERE ALL SETTLED AND THEN TRY TO threaten us by saying that if more than 3 stay in the room then we have to pay 30 dollars per person extra each nite! BUT WAIT DIDNT YOU SAW that according to the department of protection says that more than 3 people cannot stay this is ILLEGAL! Your trying to get over by making us pay and be slick about it! Please......I advise STRONGLY THAT YOU DO NOT EVEN THINK OR DOUBT THESE REVIEWS FOR THERE POOR INDECENT AND DISRESPECTFUL SERVICE! Thank you...  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>JRSchlumpf
<Content>Disappointing Hotel - Stay Next Door at the Caribe Hilton This was our second visit to the Normandie (first visit in February, 2006) and it will be our last. It is a grand old hotel in need of some loving care. On our first visit, two years ago, we really enjoyed the art deco styling and the beach and diving adjacent to the property all for a price that was very reasonable (we paid about $160 this time). This time however, was very different. There was a lot of noisy construction underway inside the hotel and there had been some water damage in our room so it smelled very musty. Everything seemed run down and just not of the quality we remembered. On our last day we walked next door to the Caribe Hilton and it was everything you want in a hotel, all for only about $30 more per night. Trust me, that would be money well spent.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	5	2	-1	

<Author>TheHall
<Content>Not a bad hotel We stayed one night at the Normandie and had an alright experience. We were staying in San Juan one night prior to our cruise. The staff was very friendly upon arrival and very curtious. Our room was on the third floor, towards the back. The room was averaged size with a small room off to the side with a desk. The furniture did look like it came from an Ikea catalog, but the room was clean. The rug did look old but looked clean. It is and old building and the plumbing is probalby old as well, we could hear every time some one next to/or above us flushed but not a big deal. The noise did radiate from the night club around 130am, again nothing terrible. Over all it was a clean place, friendly staff, some noise but not terrible. I would not stay here for an entire vacation (there is nothing really around this area), but for one night it was ok. I would also not pay $300/night, we booked through price line for $140, that seemed reasonable for this place, although, this is not a 3 star hotel. We can not attest to the food, we ate at subway and had breakfast at Starbucks in the Hilton next door.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>photosntravel
<Content>A jewel.       Atrium at night from table.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>maharaniDC
<Content>Believe the Awful Reviews on This Site This hotel is absolutely awful. We stayed in a business class room and payed $200/night. It was dingy, very little light, next to the lounge that is noisy at night, the shower leaked all over the floor every time we used it, the carpet and the couches were dirty and had stains, and the entire room smelled and felt of mildew. It was so dirty that I didn't want to walk around without shoes on. The front desk was helpful in a couple of instances, but also not helpful when we had a few other questions - so with service, the Normandie is hit or miss. The continental breakfast is OK - not bad, not great. I really wished I did not stay at this hotel. Its completely not worth your money. There is no reason to stay here since there are plenty of other places around that are just as close to the places you want to see in Old San Juan. Do not give this hotel your money - the reviews on this site do not exaggerate. The only possibly redeeming quality of the place was that after two straight nights of having loud neighbors, we asked to be moved and were put in a top floor suite with a view of the ocean. This room was clean and had a good shower. I suppose if you are willing to pay alot more than $200, you might be lucky enough to get a clean room with a shower that does not leak.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>tulsau
<Content>Gross This is so not a 4 star hotel. Maybe about 30 years ago it was. I stayed here while I was in San Juan for business. It is a dump!!! That simple. The rooms are very large but very run-down. I paid over $200 which is ridiculous. I would never stay here again. They charged me for parking and took cash from me so double charged.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mrandmrshill
<Content>Horrendous customer service Overall, stay was just okay, but was tainted by management's unwillingness to honor their own quoted/written and confirmed total cost. At check-out, ended up paying additional 10% because of hotel's error in confirmation, even after being told at check-in that they would honor confirmed price. For this alone, would never recommend or stay there again, and we do intend to visit San Juan again. Conceptually, hotel was great architectural idea. Interior build-out, however, was done way too frugally, and there was lots of deferred maintainance in room.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ottawa001
<Content>Terrible Terrible Terrible Check in was a joke, our room wasn't ready until 5:00 pm.Only one elevator was working which left us waiting for approx. 20 minutes every time we wanted to use it (should have left when we got there).Bring a parka if you plan to hang out in the hotel for long - beyond cold!!!Rooms were gross, carpet even worse. Loud pumping music from the bar below all night. Disturbing artwork on the walls which was not suitable for children (or adults) of human body parts displayed in a very sexual nature (use your imagination). I do appreciate artwork, but this was over the top.The location is difficult, in the middle of Old and New San Juan which required a taxi either way ($14.00 there and back). We had booked for two nights and checked out after one night - tried to check out the first night but was told that we would be charged despite all the problems and the loud music pumping in our room.They advertise this property as being a boutique hotel recently renovated, which is more like just some furniture replaced. It is a shame as the building has huge potential.oh, and the hot tub they advertise as part of the spa over-looking the ocean..... you need to book an overpriced spa service to have the pleasure of using a small plastic tub filled with cold water on a balcony. Do yourself a favour and go elsewhere - we ended up going to El Convento which I can't speak highly enough of!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NWDOYLE
<Content>Hated It. This hotel has a lot of unfinished details that make it an uncomfortable stay. We heard loud banging sounds (pipes?) at random times throughout the day and night. Our friends stayed in 2 other rooms: one room smelled like sewage. None of the rooms had all the details (e.g., paint, bathroom renovation, mirrors) complete. Continental breakfast was poor and exorbitantly priced. Concierge service was terrible: we never received the welcome package for the wedding we attended until we asked everyone at the hotel about it for 2 days. There were loud dance parties every night until midnight - 1pm. Front desk staff appeared not to care about their customers and sometimes were altogether absent. The only good thing about this hotel was the cleaning staff: they did an excellent job.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cutternsanchez
<Content>Love/hate relationship I'm stunned after staying recently at the Normandie and now, after our trip, reading the other Tripadvisor reviews and comments. Did we stay at the same hotel?!? Was there a massive makeover right before we got there?!?I believe it's all about expectations. If you're the stereo-typical American traveler expecting a modern hotel where everyone speaks fluent English and jumps when you raise your voice....or if you're expecting a mega-hotel with a casino, multiple dining options, and a long list of amenities....or if you're one of those cruise ship types just passing through before or after a boat.....this is probably NOT the hotel for you. I chose this hotel for a group of my friends and I after researching a list of about 20 hotels in the San Juan (Old Town to Isle Verde) region. If I wanted a mega, Vegas-like hotel, I would have booked the Marriott. If I'd wanted more beach, I would have booked in the Condado or Isle Verde area. [Aside: take the comments about the airport noise VERY SERIOUSLY in the Isle Verde region.]My friends and I like unique experiences, and I think we got it at the Normandie. I would call this a boutique hotel if I had to slap a label on it. Like most of the other reviewers, I'll give props to the cool retro lobby/atrium. The hotel's food was excellent all around. We loved Sylvia in the lobby restaurant and Paloma in the restaurant Red. [Tell Paloma Sorry we didn't come back on Wednesday. We didn't win the Lottery.] You should definitely do Red with friends and try a bunch of the menu items (e.g. tuna tartare, lamb tapas, etc.). One of the top meals I had in San J. Unlike some of the other reviewers, my room (#307) was wonderful. It was clean, very comfortable, and maybe because it was slightly off-atrium, it was quiet. I thought it had a great view of the little bay and ocean also. [Another Aside to all those Experienced travelers: ALWAYS negotiate your taxi fare before you get in and be ready to walk away. They almost never pass up a fair fare. You got ripped off paying $20 to Old Town and Condado. And we only paid $18 for two of us to get to the far side of Isle Verde. ALWAYS ask the doorman/conceirge/bellman what's a reasonable rate to your destination. THANKS Angel!!!]Let's see.....ahh, the negatives: 1.Yes, the lobby/atrium was a little cold. 2. A couple of my friends said that the walls were a little thin since some party-ers next to them kept them up until 3 a.m.....but then they said that it may have been the noise coming through the door ajoining the two rooms.3. It could use some renovations, but then what 60 year old building couldn't. Be careful of the windows in room 307. They're weird, you'll see.The Normandie was unique.....and uniquely Puerto Rican!!! Keep an open mind if you book there. And try not to act like a stereotypical American. I was embarrassed by the attitudes of some other compatriot guests I saw in the lobby.1  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>RetiredProsecutor
<Content>A Last Resort We arrived here after a two week cruise through the Panama Canal and the two day stay was pretty much a disaster. The art-deco building has possibilities, but a close look reveals deferred maintenance issues -- dirty carpets, gouged plaster, peeling paint, and broken plumbing fixtures in the rooms. Because we arrived here during the San Sebastian festival, and every decent hotel was jam packed, we took a chance and made reservations here. This is clearly the very worst $300@night hotel we had ever stayed in. It's like a haunted house, you almost never see other people and definitely never see any hotel staff, who simply don't seem to be around, and if they are, aren't particularly service-oriented. Meanwhile the wind blows across the glass roof creating howls and metallic creaking noises. When you or a neighboring room flushes the toilet, air ducts in the ceiling start rattling. To be completely fair, with the exception of the carpets, the place seems more or less clean.The service is so bad here that you feel like you are the dupe on Candid Camera. The desk clerk declined to answer my questions, instead referring me to the concierge in training - a bellhop who didn't speak understandable English. (Yes, this is Puerto Rico but after all, he IS in the hospitality industry and this IS the USA. I found more English spoken in Western Europe than in San Juan.) This concierge didn't even know if their hotel restaurant served breakfast! I asked him about nearby church services and attractions and got a blank look.A few examples will serve: (1) we asked for sugar for our in-room coffee - 30 minutes later it hadn't arrived - when I went down to the desk they insisted they would send it up again - would not hand me some - we never did get the sugar; (2) departure morning I called for a bellhop to help me and my ailing wife bring down our luggage -- he never showed up and we schlepped them ourselves; (3) the night before the departure, I asked for a wakeup call in room 725 at 6 am -- in broken English the receptionist said, OK, wake you up at 7 in room 724. I corrected him and he brusquely replied that it was taken care of. We never did get that call -- I feel sorry for whatever room got that call; (4) I asked them to have a taxi downstairs for us - they didn't. It's like this place doesn't care about repeat business.Furthermore, this hotel is centrally located, i.e. its not close to anything at all. You want to go to a pharmacy, see the city's attractions, go to a grocery store, or eat at a non-hotel restaurant -- only choice is to take a taxi either eastbound to Condado or westbound to Old San Juan. But they do have a hotel store that will sell you a soft drink for $5 a can. Maybe I caught them at a bad time --- but the few guests I interacted with during my stay were saying the same things.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Biggie44
<Content>War Torn! I just got back from 4 nights at the Normandie and feel like I was in a WWII bunker. This place has some historic preservation tag on it which is great for bar trivia but not when on vacation. They tried to turn this old crap into some trendy hotel with curvy chairs and funky lamps. It feels like someone bought used IKEA stuff on craigslist and decorated the whole hotel. The cafe bar was worse, $25 dollar lobster appetizers and $5 muffins. Soda cans in the gift shop were 3 bucks. The walls were thin, I could here the tv in the next room better than mine. As soon as I checked in, the maids were trying to get in to clean my room. Nice communication. The window shades don't open (because they don't want you to see where you should have stayed) the Caribe or Condado. The only good thing about this place is Subway is across the street.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>grandm
<Content>Stay Away from this Dump!!!!!! We were there 1/11/08 for 1 night before jumping a cruise ship. With much Tax it was $250 and some change for one night in a Delux Ocean View - which was barely a view. First Impression was good - clean lobby, good desk service - but then you get inside. On the way to our room we were charged $4.00 for a zone bar in the hotel store. I get them for .99 here in Maine. One of the elevators was broken and there were dead fish in the tanks that ajoin the elevator. We open the door to the room and gasped - musty - filthy carpets, stained walls, broken shades and air conditioning that didn't. The carpets were so dirty our white socks were dirty in just a few minutes. The pool was nice and it's close to Old San Juan (1milesish). The beach out back is a mess - dirty. The park next door is a place you need to be very careful in - don't go there at night. There were police on horseback when we walked over in early afternoon. Best Advice - don't stay here unless you are in a pinch like we were.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>llstarr
<Content>weird I wanted to like this place, but it was weird.The service at the front desk was seriously lacking.Felt like it was overpriced. FREEZING cold in the lobby and main areas! OMG it was so cold. had to go outside to warm up.Rooms were ok, but the bathroom tile grout was filthy!And man, did the room stink like mold and smoke or something weird. It was so gross.If you want to pay $12.00 for a continental breakfast do it here they have a very small sign that shows the price, but you may miss it. What a rip off! For the price of the room it should have been included. Our room was not worth $200 a night!I was NOT impressed.The one person we did like was the concierge. He was the most helpful of anyone. Very polite and accommodating. I would NOT recommend this place. It's literally falling apart on the outside. If you squint it looks nice, but it was funky. I really wanted to like it but it just wasn't happening.The room was not horrible, but I had a lot of trouble getting over that smell, and we couldn't open the windows to air it out.Look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>seetheworld25
<Content>Awful Hotel, Would Never Recommend I have never had such a negative experience at a hotel as I did when we stayed two nights at the Normandie. I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone, and strongly caution anyone from staying there.Our first impressions of the hotel were good, the lobby was nice and very art-deco. However, we were disgusted when we opened the door to our room. There were little tiny bugs crawling all over surfaces in the room, rust on anything metal in the room, and paint was chipped off the walls. Our shower looked like it hadn't been cleaned, as there was some kind of liquid (looked like body wash) drizzled down the side of the bath tub. The toilet only flushed when you held down the handle for ten seconds and even then a lot of times you had to flush twice. In the mornings there was no hot water and we took cold showers two mornings in a row. When we opened our blinds to look out the window, we discovered dirty kleenex behind the blinds. It was absolutely disgusting. For the money we paid, we expected a four star hotel as they claim they are. I would have classified it a 2 star.The gross room wasn't the least of our problems at the Normandie, though. We had booked our stay for two nights over the phone and were given a confirmation number. We had re-confirmed that reservation just 3 days before arriving, and everything was set. However, on the second night at about 5:00, we received a call from the front desk telling us we needed to check out immediately or face a $50 late check out fee. I argued and said we had a reservation for 2 nights, but since I had no proof other than the confirmation number, they continued to insist I check out, as they had no availability for that night. I asked to speak to the manager several times, but he refused to speak with me. One time he came out of his office, looked at me, said something to the front desk clerk in Spanish, and then walked back into the office. I thought that was the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen, I couldn't believe a manager refused to talk to a guest. Remarkably they found a room, but I had to pay twice what our regular rate was for it. I was absolutely livid, but we didn't have a choice at that point and had to pay the rate in order to have a place to stay that night. Being an experienced traveler, I have a feeling that they didn't want to honor our discounted rate for that night and decided to con us into paying more. Our travel agent told us that happens a lot in Mexico and the Caribbean, so I would bet that's what happened. So moral to the story: if you book over the phone, always get something additional in print!Our nightmare continued that second night when the hotel hosted a pre-New Years Eve party for the locals (I would bet only about 10% of the hotels guests actually went to the party). We were given no notification about this when we made the reservation or at check-in other than that the restaurant would be closed for setting it up. What was ridiculous was that they hosted it in the atrium, and the hotel is set up so that all floors of the hotel look down into the atrium, so the noise traveled up. There were hundreds of people there which was loud enough, but then the band started playing at 10:00 and went until 1:15 am. They had to have had the speakers on the loudest possible volume. We were on the third floor and our furniture was vibrating. It was perhaps the most inconsiderate thing I have ever seen a hotel do. The purpose of a hotel is to have a place to sleep, and how could anyone sleep when there is a band blaring. I was particularly upset because we had to get up early the next morning. When I called to complain, the front desk clerk was rude and just told me the music will be off by 1:00, which should give you plenty of rest. It wasn't off by 1, though... the band kept playing encores and then people hung around in the atrium after that and the noise still came up into our room.When we checked out the next day I complained again about the noise but wasn't given any apology or compensation. Overall the rooms were gross, the customer service was awful, and it seemed to be a very corrupt hotel. It is extremely over priced, yet I don't think even if it was cheaper I would ever recommend the Normandie. This hotel was truly a nightmare experience.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Mcwil19
<Content>Great proximity to Old San Juan, but no private beach Buyer beware: there is no private beach - just a gate to a very small public beach. Thus, no chair or towel service. Luckily the pool chairs are not crowded so sunbathing is pretty chill without a zillion kids running around. The location is great because it's a short ride to Old San Juan which is the best nightlife/ restaurant area. Cool, art deco lobby - but too dark for a beach resort. No real ocean views. No balconies. Rooms have modern furnishings, but smell like mildew. The staff was not friendly and generally the service wasn't great. I was there for New Years Eve time 2008.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DocWanderlust
<Content>Beautiful space but poorly managed Loved the lobby and had no problems with the room once we got in the room....We requested a non-smoking room with two beds on an upper floor (paying extra for a suite) and we were given a smoke-saturated room on the second floor with one king bed. After a friendly but firm conversation with the manager, we were moved up to a non-smoking room with two beds on the 7th floor (after being told that there were no other rooms available). This hotel could and should be a 4-star but it needs to improve its service. We couldn't even get a cup of coffee in the morning because the restaurant was understaffed (the buffet bar was cluttered with dirty plates and the coffee urns were empty by 10am???). So we took our dollars to the Hilton Caribe next door for breakfast.On the second night, the hotel teamed up with a local radio station for a pre-New Year's Eve event--which meant loud pounding music in the 7-story atrium pouring all the way up into the rooms. It was great to see lots of people having fun in the lobby but the noise spilled into the rooms (and the live music did not stop until 1am). The hotel management did not consider the comfort of the paying guests when they organized this event. After this experience, I don't trust they are able to provide a high level of service you would come to expect from a 300plus/per night room.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	2	1	4	

<Author>TerrySisk
<Content>Landmark Art Deco Hotel This circa 1942 hotel is not for everyone. Although its swimming pool sits between the hotel and the ocean, it's possible to stay at the Normandie for a week and not even realize it has a swimming pool, not to mention a beachfront location. This hotel looks inward, not out to sea. The hotel's view is the atrium lobby itself, seven stories high and capped by an enormous skylight. Like a Hyatt Regency, all rooms are accessed from hallways that overhang the perimeter of the atrium. In this case the guard rails are designed to recall the exterior deck rails on an ocean liner, specifically the S.S. Normandie (the Puerto Rican builder of this hotel met his French bride aboard this ship). The hotel has achieved national historic landmark status, so the authentic architectural details are here to stay, although the polychromed colors are gone, now favoring pastel blue grays that lighten the effect considerably.Other reviewers complain about the lack of restaurants in the area, yet the Caribe Hilton next door boasts no fewer than seven restaurants in all price ranges, poolside as well as indoors. The adjacent Escambron public beach has a sea-front restaurant that specializes in Puerto Rican cuisine. The Normandie is a five minute taxi ride to Old San Juan's music venues, bars, shops and restaurants (tourists staying in Isla Verde's resorts pay double the cab fare and waste 25 minutes each way to/from Old San Juan).All that said, the Normandie is not a resort, nor is it a hotel for families with children, who would get bored quickly. It is an incredible bargain (booking directly through the hotel's web site yielded a rate of $135 per night per room during Thanksgiving week -- other hotel booking sites were quoting $179 or more) for a first class hotel. The hallways are a virtual gallery of original art. There is a hip club on the second floor that attracts classy locals. A la carte breakfasts are delicious (forget the lackluster buffet) and imaginative. The rooms are large and supremely comfortable. The small sitting rooms with desks or day beds were obviously once outdoor lanais, since their floors slope downward (drainage would have required that). Furnishings are high end -- even the ergonomic Herman Miller desk chair retails for $450. The bathrooms are spacious, functional and clean but lack the glamour of the room's interior furnishings.As for the complaints about location, if you want to stay put at an all-inclusive resort, go to Jamaica or the Dominican Republic. It would be a crime to go to San Juan and not visit Condado, Isla Verde and Old San Juan (located miles apart) -- so budget some taxi money or learn to use the absurdly cheap public bus system. I have stayed at the El San Juan Hotel, Intercontinental Resort, El Convento, Water Club -- as well as the charming At Wind Chimes Inn. For my money, the Normandie is the best bargain of them all. I'm staying here again on my next visit to San Juan.Note to those who booked by Priceline and mentioned a $10 per night surcharge for utilities -- that's an absurd practice that should be reported to Priceline. No such fee was added to my bill -- only taxes amounting to approx. 10%. Also, because this hotel does not have a casino, the extra 10% charge assessed by casino hotels does not apply.Terry Sisk  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>POOLSBEACH
<Content>Funky Groovy lobby... comfortable bed... lots of water presure.. good location... great price.. watch out for the over priced breakfast... $12 for coffee and bagels... what most hotels offer free. $10. parking... It was different and clean.. would go back.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>mlbadvisor
<Content>Could've been better... What you need to know about PR:--definitely visit PR. beautiful island, great people, great food, rainforest is beautiful and visitor-friendly, caves are gorgeous. be prepared to spend money on (a) cabs and/or (b) a rental car.On to the Normandie:--this is not a 3.5/4 star hotel. --our stay was enjoyable, but this hotel (unlike the Caribe Hilton next door) is not a vacation/getaway in and of itself. the pool is tiny, which didn't bother me as much as the fact that the surrounding sunbathing area is tiny as well. besides that, the entire pool area is basically in disrepair.--the hotel is not close to anything. the Caribe Hilton has a few restaurants, which is where we went to eat. Normandie restaurant is OK, but overpriced for the amount of food you get. At least at the Hilton, you are shelling out $$ but receiving a good portion of food in return. the service at both the Normandie and Caribe Hilton leaves something to be desired.--it will cost you $20/RT to old san juan, and about $20/RT to condado. a RT to isla verde will be between $30-$40. since there's a paucity of food options around the hotel, you may be cabbing it a whole lot.--the hotel abuts a tiny strip of public beach full of garbage, crabs, and local fishermen/folks looking to blow some time. it's only about 20 feet long, and the tide is high enough at all times to prevent anyone from laying out there (not that you would want to, trust me).--the hotel is adjacent to a public beach called Escambron. it's about a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel. this isn't the pearl of the Caribbean or anything, but it's definitely a decent beach. it's usually populated with locals, and has some OK snorkeling (often little fishies would be swimming around our feet).--the staff at the Normandie is great. the doormen/concierges were always very helpful, especially in booking tours. the housekeeping was also above average.--the following would've ensured the hotel's 3.5/4 star rating in my eyes: a mirror in the hotel room (besides the one in the bathroom), the ability to open our windows, a decent poolside area, more food options, a better fridge, attention to detail (smudges all over the hotel, dirty furniture, etc.), a functioning bathroom sink, a balcony. we would walk over to the caribe hilton in the evening, buy a drink or dinner, and then walk around their beachfront facilities. i don't recommend trying to sneak into the pool during the daytime, they check for room keys.Overall:The Normandie is a pretty hotel; you can tell it once had a heyday. The staff is friendly, the room is a great size, and all of the furniture is super comfortable. Plus, at least at night, you can head over to the Hilton and enjoy a great dinner and an awesome beachfront and pier.However, if we could do PR again, we probably would not stay at the Normandie. We easily spent $150+ on cabs, and only visited the dingy pool area once. The hotel restaurant food was tasty, but badly overpriced for the portion size. No free continental breakfast, either. And the $14/day municipal fee plus hotel tariff definitely didn't help.The Normandie was a decent base of operation from which we explored PR, but next time we'll go with a hotel that is oceanfront, with a nice pool area, and in the proximity of restaurants/food/stores/local flavor.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	1	4	3	5	5	

<Author>billdaffy
<Content>Definately Not a 3.5 Star Hotel Yet This was our second trip to the Normandie Hotel- the prior visit was 2 years ago and I must say that there have been strides made to bring this hotel up to acceptable visitor standards. The hotel staff, as has been mentioned previously, seems first rate -- accommodating and pleasant, they appear to form a solid base upon which they can build a loyal following. Unfortunately, the housekeeping has not followed suit. As we entered our room the first night, the first thing that we saw was a giant roach on the ceiling. We called the front desk and shortly thereafter two members of the housekeeping staff arrived to brush the cockroach onto the floor and stepped on it. We were assured that this was very unusual and not to expect an more visitors during our stay. Unfortunately, the next morning my wife found an even larger cockroach in the tub. We called housekeeping again who assured us that they would have someone, later that day, spray the room. I assume that this was done since we didn't see anymore animal life when we were there. If it was only the roachs, you could conceivably give the hotel a pass. But the rest of the room was hardly acceptable. First there were what looked like pee stains on the chair, the room was unbeleivably dim --- need to get rid of the 25 watt bulbs !! --- the rest of the room generally looked like it was in dire need of renovation. On the positive front, the room and the hotel was very cool -- maybe even cold--- an the beds were very comfortable. All in all, an ok experience, but certainly not a 3.5 star hotel yet  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	-1	5	5	

<Author>Kelmya
<Content>Convenient Hotel is convenient to Condado and Old San Juan and just steps away from two very nice parks for strolling or jogging. Self-parking is affordable at $10 a day. Great staff. Rooms are comfortable with a separate work area with desk, chairs, Internet connection, etc. Although the work area is bright, the rest of the room is dark due to the type of lighting. I prefer a brighter room. The bathroom lacks a fan to reduce moisture buildup on the walls, mirror, and floor that is created when showering. The pool area can use a few plants, umbrellas, tables, etc. The pool was clean but the area where the clean pool towels are stored was not tidy. There is a daily 10% hotel tariff charge (in addition to taxes and municipal fee)which significantly increases the per day rate . The food is better than average. Overall, a nice place.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Cristini
<Content>Loved the Normandie       Tastefully decorated hotel  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Betty76
<Content>There are better places to stay for the price! We stayed in the Normandie for 7 nights the last week of August ($1,400 total). I am not extremely picky with hotels as long as they're clean but this one did not fit the bill. When we arrived at the hotel we were extremely tired and my boys (ages 3 and 5 at the time) wanted to take a nap. Since it was 2pm I didn't think it would be a problem to get a room, the lobby employee could plainly see how tired we were but he gave me the run-around and in the end we had to walk around for 2 hours. My sister also stayed at the same hotel and she asked to be near me way in advance and they did not accomodate her request either. You can see the front desk really can do much better. The bedrooms are spacious but the carpeting and sofas are extremely dirty (dirtiest I've seen in any hotel, black stains everywhere!). The bathroom had some dried urine and feces stains on the toilet and then I almost passed out. Instead of asking for housekeeping I figured I could do a better job so I put on some gloves and wiped down the entire bathroom with disinfectant I purchased at the supermarket. One morning we left a little late in the morning and housekeeping had already skipped our room. We approached the lady and asked for our room to be cleaned anyway and she said it would be no problem. Well, we get in later that afternoon and notice our door not completely shut but when we get in the room was exactly as we left it! Obviously the cleaning lady went in and changed her mind but forgot to close the door! That's when I started going through all my things because I imagined the worst but everything was intact. The area isn't the best either, you cross the street and it's like you're in another world! We were warned not to walk around when the sun goes down so I am warning you too! The pool was ok, most days no one was there so we enjoyed it and the view of the ocean behind the pool was great too. One afternoon after swimming in the pool we noticed the back door was locked and we were told to go through the front entrace; we were in our swiiming trunks and my husband did not have a shirt on but what can you do, right? Well we walk in through the lobby and immediately upon entering the front desk employee tells my husband he can't be in the lobby without a shirt! What the hell, how are we supposed to get back in our room if the back door is locked??? Like he wanted to be lingering in the lobby shirtless and wet?? All in all we would not stay in this place again, the Caribe Hilton is right next door and they're a much better quality. If we ever go back to PR again that's were we will stay.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	1	2	3	4	

<Author>her1721
<Content>THINK ABOUT YOUR LUNGS! NOT TO BE RECOMMENDED! If you take a look under the ceiling tile you will know why? dirt and debris and soiled ceiling tiles,nats in your food at breakfast, coffee taste like mud and bathroom has a constant smell of urine. The best part is the beach is steps away frm the hotel, if you are looking for the historic look , dream about it, it looks like a fake ship with all these poor upgrades, decor is cheap, this hotel is a 1 star hotel.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Ledstewart
<Content>Tired old relic, but decent Smelled a bit from old storms passing - but otherwise clean and decent, friendly staff.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>tapdancer77
<Content>Shine's beginning to wear off... We booked this hotel on Hotwire, being promised a 3 1/2 star for our stay. I would not, however, categorize this as a 3 1/2 star hotel; maybe a 2 1/2 or a 3 star at best. In a nutshell:The Good: The hotel staff is efficient and friendly. When I asked to be moved to an upper level room (based on reviews I found here regarding N Lounge noise), they cheerfully upgraded us to a larger room on a higher floor, with a partial ocean view. The beds are quite comfortable and very easy to sleep in. The hotel was designed in a very cute chic but minimalist style. The Bad: The hotel clearly suffered during the last hurricane/tropical storm. Yes, I realize this is the Caribbean and such storms are a way of life (what are you going to do/how much rebuilding is practical), but the water damage and stains in the room were a bit extreme, even for me. Also the damage to the hotel itself was a little bad. There is no poolside bar, and no access to the beach, so no opportunity to be contacted. I would not stay here again, but probably at the Condado Plaza down the road. The hotel is also a bit isolated from the main tourist areas, so you have to call cabs everywhere. Not fun!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	2	5	3	3	

<Author>BigJohn1955
<Content>Eclectic and Fun We really liked this hotel because (1) we found the pricing reasonable when we booked through the hotel directly, (2) we liked the eclectic atmosphere and (3) we liked the fact that the scuba diving directly from the beach was really great. It was a short drive to old San Juan and the cruise shop port so that worked out as well. The mojito's in the bar were terrific too!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>InspectHotel
<Content>Great Service but a little expensive Beautifull hotel, the service is perfect. Everything is clean. I had no problems at all. I even stayed a little longer than expected, with no regrets. A little expensive and the breakfast is not the best in town.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tekknikal
<Content>A OK Hotel if Inconsistent During the weekend where Hurricane Dean passed a couple hundred miles to the south I spent some time at this hotel with my gf and another couple. I had a room with a king bed. I didn't make the reservation but I would guess my room to be fairly average for what they have. Having said that, I enjoyed my stay overall and have no major complaints. The bed was comfortable and the room was adequately sized. There was also internet available. so my core requirements were met.Not all was perfect however, and these were the issues I had with the hotel, which I'll list in order of importance to me:-Location not so great compared to other hotels in condado area, where you could walk to a lot more places. -The bathroom seemed a little dirty- particularly on the walls, although I'm not sure if that was due to the design. -I know for many internet doesn't matter, but it does for me. The wireless access in my room seemed to not be consistently strong. Sometimes browsing was fairly quick, other times it was very slow as the signal dropped to a low level. For casual internet this would be fine. If you had high bandwidth needs for sustained periods of time it might be an issue though. -The shower had very warm (but not very hot) water on the first day. Curiously after that there was plenty of hot water. But that wasn't a big deal to me. The problem I found was that you could have soft hot water or piercing (due to the nozzle) warm water. I couldn't seem to get a soft spray of warm water. It's hard to describe here and comes off trivial as I write it, but it was a little frustrating and quite odd and led to showers that were never really very comfortable. (and im not very picky about showers!)-in room fridge not very cold at all...it was more like an insulator than anything else-On the first night there was a party on the entire ground level. This could be a good thing if you're a party person. It didn't bother me, but on the 3rd floor (of 7 iirc) it was still loud. (At ground level, it was club-like loud) I could see this being a problem for some.. the music went till early hours in the morning (I went to sleep by 1ish i think, and the music was still playing) I should note that our friends on the 4th floor didnt really hear the music but I don't see how that's possible.-Service was hit or miss - there was a party on the first night we were there. During that time we tried to get room service and no one picked up the phone. It was difficult getting through to the front desk but we did get through eventually. When we did get through, they took our order and promised to relay it to the people that do room service.. They did get the order right and in a reasonable amount of time... but when my girlfriend couldn't get through to anyone at the front desk or room service, I didn't feel good about things. They apologized for it and said it was due to the loud music... but I feel like they were dropping the ball on that as it was quickly leading to a very negative experience.overall I was fine at the hotel and didn't regret it. especially since it wasnt all that expensive, i wasnt expecting a 4/5 star experience, and the people we were with were driving around and familiar with everything. on my own i wouldnt stay here again though because of the location, internet, and just lack of overall attraction to me. but, it was reasonably comfortable and decent so overall id rate the hotel as average.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	-1	2	2	

<Author>holamante
<Content>Our stay at the Normandie The hotel had a nice decor,  the rooms were spacious. It wasn't near anything, so we had to take cabs everywhere. Thier beach was just a few yards of shore line. The gift shop was incredibly small  overpriced (even by hotel standards). The staff was hit or miss. Sometimes they were great, other times we had to struggle to get what we needed (3 calls to room service, it just kept ringing). On our last night, they had an event in the open-air lobby  we could here the loud music in our room till about 2 a.m. We were refunded half of the price for the last night only after we complained. The only reason I would recommend staying here is if you can't afford the Hilton next door. You can pay the lower price of the Normandie  walk next door to enjoy the Hilton's large beach, good buffet,  all the other amenities the Hilton has to offer.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carriewhite27
<Content>Great Hotel The hotel rooms smell a little musty. Bring a plug in! The size of the room was very nice though. Great view of the ocean and Caribe Hotel. The hotel has a 24 hour bar, which we thought was excellent. They have a very nice continental breakfast in the morning which came free with our stay! The N Lounge on the 2nd floor is a quiet but trendy place with good house music. In the dinner lounge is a bar in the middle with excellent servers. If your lucky you will sit at the bar with a bartender by the name of Carlos. He will tell you everything. He's only 21 but cute as a button and knows all the hot spots to hang at. Tell him a little red head sent you. have a great time!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Kando687
<Content>***Cockroaches*** This hotel was less than we expected. We decided it was ok although old building, cracked walls  stained carpet. After entering our room we noticed their complimentary hotel bottled water was already half drank. Then we went to the bathroom and noticed a stained towel. Later on the same day while laying in bed a cockroach crawled on me, jumped out of bed but blew it off as a freak incident. Minutes later there was a 2 inch cockroach crawling on the wall above the bed. When I called the front desk they laughed the matter off and took 20 minutes to send someone to the room at which they just starred and laughed as if it was humorous. We decided to check out of the hotel since it was our honeymoon and demanded a refund. After arguing with the night manager for another 20 minutes she agreed to refund the money only after we informing other guests of our experience. Today is one month after our ordeal and we have yet to receive the refund we were promised. On top of this the hotel has slow elevators, a rocky beach that you access behind the dumpsters with no lounge chairs. This hotel is overpriced especially when the Hilton right next door isn't much more. (and a million times better!)  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>dje567
<Content>Disappointed with Normandie We selected the Normandie hotel based on reviews from other travelers and the fact that it is situated between Old San Juan and Candado/Ocean Park beaches. This was our first visit to San Juan and we learned a lot about the best locations and hotels. I was very disappointed in the Normandie. Our room had a sour smell and the carpets were quite stained. The bathroom floor needed to be cleaned as the tile grout was black with dirt (supposed to be a beige color). The drop ceilings in the room and bathroom had dust and dirt coming out of them. The pool was fine...but don't expect any drink/food service and get there early if you want a towel. Broken lounge chairs are stacked up along with various other trash items. The view of the ocean is very nice from the pool area but there is no beach (that seems safe) convenient to the hotel. The exterior of the hotel is literally crumbling in many places...this is the view you get when at the pool. The business center had leaking ceilings and empty paint cans stacked in a corner. The hotel definitely has so much potential...the art deco designs and the atrium lobby area are very cool but other details just seem to be ignored. I would recommend the Caribe Hilton located just around the corner! This hotel has its own, private beach a beautiful pool area and seemed immaculate. We ate there a couple of times as most dining seemed to be closed at Normandie. There are no local restaurants that are close to both of these hotels but the cab ride is just about 10 minutes to Old San Juan and costs about $9 each way. You can walk to the Candado beach area for a good selection of places to eat...about a 20 minute walk. Also, one reviewer said the noise was a problem at Normandie. I experienced this first-hand as there was a baby in the room next to us. She cried off and on most nights and it seemed like she was right in our room (poor sound proofing). There was a party in the 6th floor ballrooms on Friday night. We stayed on the 7th floor and the walls were shaking with the loud music until 1 a.m. We were there during 'off season' so the rest of the time the place was pretty quiet.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>MrsA1990
<Content>A wonderful week! My husband and I spent a week at the Normandie (we were married there in 1990) in mid-June. We had a great business room with a big desk, internet access, a great view of the beach. Terrific kingsize bed, sitting area with a view of the beach, cable access on a good TV (not plasma, though). The staff were uniformly terrific. The only problem was housekeeping who every other day forgot something small (usually taking away dirty glasses and bringing clean ones) but they always showed up quickly with whatever was missing when we called. The food was incredible although in the Atrium cafe it was very slow coming out of the kitchen -- very fast in room service, though. But so good! High end Puerto Rican cuisine, great desserts, good solid continental breakfast. And some wonderful dishes from elsewhere (loved the Thai soup). We rented our car at the Budget desk in the lobby; always had parking. We are predisposed to love this hotel because we were married there, but the stay just didn't disappoint. A great place to work/play from.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Ronboman59
<Content>My Home Away From Home       Hotel Normandie  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bill49
<Content>Fun in San Juan We stayed ath the Normandie Hotel for one night prior to our caribbean cruise on Carnival Destiny. The hotel was beautiful. The staff was very friendly, informative and helpful. We found the bar and restaurant to be a bit pricey. The room was roomy and comfortable. Some stains on the carpet were the only faults. If you stay there, talk with the local cab divers stationed outside nearby for local attractions and restaurants. They were very helpful. There is a local convenience store a block away. Beer was much cheaper there. The pool area and the lagoon was very nice. If we go back, we might picnic near the lagoon. There is a nice beach there also. We were on the fourth floor and it was very quiet. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LBNashGo
<Content>We had a great time! We stayed at the Normandie only one night. It was on Sat.5/5/07, prior to our cruise  we were pleasantly surprised. From the reviews I expected something terrible  it wasn't. What we expected was loud music  a dirty hotel. Our room was quiet  the most disgusting thing I saw was soiled carpeting in the room. We came to be outdoors  not set in the hotel room. The location was good, especially being near the beautiful lagoon. It is right beside the fancy Caribe Hilton, so you can enjoy there shopping, Starbucks  gardens. We opted to not eat at the expensive steakhouse next door. Instead we spoke w/ the cab drivers  they directed us to an authentic restaurant. We hopped in a cab  were taken to the Hacienda restaurant  we walked back. The food was great  the view was magnificent. Our restaurant pictures turned out really cool. We also realized after paying $7 per beer at the Caribe, that there is a small store right across the street. At this store you can buy snacks, beer  misc. (like a Family Express) We are planning on going back next year. Just don't open your hotel window or the pigeons will try to fly in. Plus take your sunscreen  you must see the Forts in Old San Juan.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>SaltyDogCa
<Content>Lounge music kept us up til 4am What should be a great hotel is poorly run. We asked for a quiet room and instead were kept up by the lounge music until 4am. When I called the front desk at midnight, they said it was Sat. night and the music stops at 4am. Manager was no help the next morning either - they just didn't care.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Boogy137
<Content>Thank goodness the Hilton was next door Where do I begin. So I arrived on a Thursday night and was excited about my vacation. I get to the hotel and requested a room with 2 double beds since I was staying with some friends. They said they didn't have any even though I called them 17 times before I arrived and there was even a note in the system. So them they proceed to tell me that they can offer me a cot. Now what do I need that for when 4 people were staying in 1 room. So I go up to the first room they gave me and it was gross. It smelled, there were dirty sheets and there were to beetle on the ceiling. I quickly left and went downstairs to request another room. After waiting 20min, they gave me another room. This room wasn't bad, but you can tell the hotel is really old. The walls were chipped and there were wholes in the ceiling. Whatever..At this point it was late and I was tired. The next day I requested extra blankets and the cot they said they would get to me the first night I was there(it never came). To my suprise they brought the stuff at 12:30am while I was sleeping. They decided that they would just walk right into the room without knocking. If I didn't have the top chain lock on they would have just walked in. It scared me so much I ran and slammed the door in the guys face.After cursing at the management they looked at me and was like owell. I'm not a mean person, but something had to be done so I hopped over the counter and asked the manager if he liked being invaded. Anyway, thank goodness for the Hilton next door. Thats where we spent out days. It is paradise compared to the Normandie. The pool and beach area at the Normandie are the size of my NYC apartment. The hotel was so disappointing and I would never stay there again. FYI- the hotel is close to town, but the taxi's are super expensive. Sorry this is so long, but the truth had to be told. Hope this helps.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>julielynn79
<Content>Disappointed with Normandie We stayed 1 night at the Normandie Hotel in San Juan, PR, following a caribbean cruise. We were extremely disappointed with the quality and location of the Hotel. The only food establishments nearby were Subway and Morton's Steakhouse. Any other restaurants required cab service. We were most disappointed by the additional fees charged by the Hotel. We reserved the room on priceline; however, upon checkout, we were charged an additional $10 as a 'resort fee'. We were then told that this fee was to cover the cost of phones, water, general dining services, etc. We inquired of the front desk staff, who confirmed that the cost of water  electric is not included in the actual room fee. Additionally, the walls in the Hotel were paper-thin. We were awakened at 6am by sounds from rooms beside  above us - it almost sounded like a bowling alley was in the building. I would not recommend this hotel to other travelers.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tuna1956
<Content>A nice stay at the Normandie Hotel We stayed 2 midweek nights at the Normandie Hotel last week, and really enjoyed the experience. The lobby and bar area as you enter is very impressive, and nicely decorated in their art deco theme. We stayed on the second floor, and our room was very large and nicely appointed. There was even a small living area just off the room, which was an added bonus! We bought cafe con leche and quesitos from Subway just across the road, and enjoyed them for breakast in our little living area. The room comes with a small fridge, and a safe too. There was entertainment in the bar area on the ground floor from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m. on Wednesday, and the singer was good. We could not hear it over our television once we were in our room. We ate at the Normandie Restaurant on our first night, and the food and service was good. Our second night, we ate at the Escambron restaurant, about 5 minutes walk away. This restaurant specializes in Puerto Rican food. The meal was very good, and about half the price of the meal we had at the Normandie Restaurant.This hotel was built in 1939, and it is on the list of Historical Landmarks. The Normandie is to be commended for preserving the feeling of that era in their decor.The only negative, in my opinion, is the lack of restaurants in the area.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>t134
<Content>Another nice visit Our stay was at the same time as the prior review. My wife and I have stayed at this hotel 4 times and never had any issues. I must say this to fellow travelers to San Juan You get what you give, In other words be rude and you will be treated rude. And the Normandie may be decaying a bit but still very nice. Also if your into being alone stay there during the weekdays. You might get lucky and have the public beach to your self like my wife and I did this past Monday  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Caymangirl77
<Content>Wouldn't recommend it for my dog! Everything you've read from the cold showers, loud flushing toilets and horrible service are all true. While the interior of the hotel is very art deco and soothing to the eyes, that's where the fantasy ends. Large cracks in the exterior of the building, or wait was is more like large chunks of missing concrete remind you how just how old the hotel is. From the server that you have to ask to wait on you in the restaurant, to the bartender that told me I was lucky he served me as they were closed for a private function. If only I had been LUCKY enough to had been told they were hosting a private function instead of being treated like a two year old from the bartender.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	1	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>brandrew
<Content>loved the hotel! Great hotel, great location. Very nice staff. Would stay again.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peach1027
<Content>Great Place to Stay       View from room window  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lymari_mm
<Content>The worst experience of my life.... We went to Puerto Rico for my sister's wedding. Our rooms were booked about two months before the wedding. A total of 10 rooms were booked. We requested two rooms on the same floor and the lady that did the reservation told us that the rooms had been reserved. The bride and groom reserved a suite for two nights. A day before arriving, we called the hotel and the person at the front desk told us that check in was from 3:00 pm to 3:15 pm. We were at the hotel at 2:30 pm and we got only one room. We had to wait at the lobby for two hours to get a room and we have a 20 months old and a five years old.The bride and groom arrived later to find out that they didn't have their suite available at all. Same thing happen to other two couples. We had to wait for a long time before the manager came to talk to us and as I said before we got the rooms two hours after check in time.To make things worst, the shower of one of the rooms was broken and it took for ever for the hotel staff to fix it. This has been by far our worst experience at a hotel in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>tk211
<Content>Not worth the price - ok if you get significant discount We paid around $200/night (came out to around $250 with all the taxes and fees). That was way overpriced. Although the staff was nice and switched our room after we asked for an ocean view, the hotel is in serious need of a renovation. The pool area is small and somewhat dirty. There are No beach amenities - chairs, umbrellas, etc. The beach area in front of the hotel is literally the size of the pool and on weekends, it is Very crowded. We spent most of our time at the Hilton next door. There are several pools with a more lively atmosphere and a large beach area with chairs and umbrellas. There are also restaurants at the Hilton for food - overpriced, but accessible and decent. If you can get a room at the Hilton for a comparable price to the Normandie, stay at the Hilton. If you can get the Normandie for a significant discount, then it would be worth the savings.I would echo other reviewers that the carpets are stained, the rooms generally clean but look like they're falling into disrepair (cracked walls, dirty windows, etc.). We heard several guests complain about water pressure and temperature but our room was ok. There are no balconies (except for a few rooms on the top floor which they call suites and charge an extra $100/night). The breakfast was disappointing and very overpriced. The internet was slow. It did become expensive taking cabs, but if you're ok taking the bus or walking, the location wasn't too bad.We found a lot of the restaurants overpriced and not that impressive. The Dragonfly in Old San Juan was especially disappointing - food and service were terrible. All in all, we will probably not stay at the Normandie again. If we return to the area, we will probably stay at the Hilton or try our luck staying somewhere else on the island.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kazmodo
<Content>Not so bad. I must defend this hotel a little bit. We stayed here one night pre-cruise, and it was exactly what we were looking for. A great pool with a great view and easy beach location. Yes, the carpets need to be replaced, but the bed and shower were fine. Our room wasn't ready when they got there, but we used the beautiful and clean pool, and there's access to the beach and a beach walk. If you want a swanky hotel for a week and you'll be in your room a lot, probably not a great choice. But for us -- this good location and relaxation by the pool got our vacation started off right. Also we did not experience any noise at night, and the staff were very nice.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brian_washdc
<Content>Cold showers, slow and unreliable internet - I won't stay here again The Normandie Hotel is aesthetically pleasing -- the lobby is beautiful, and the inner courtyard of the hotel is nice. But the service here is lacking, and the hotel is way overpriced.I stayed here Feb 19-23 on business, choosing this hotel because all the decent hotels in town were already charging more than $300/night. Three out of the four days I was here, the shower was cold. I told the front desk, and they had no response. Also, the high speed internet was slow and unreliable. I tested the connection, and it was between 65kbps - 90 kbps and many times cut out entirely for hours at a time. In order to get work done, I had to walk next door to the Caribe Hilton and camp out in the lobby to use their free WiFi.Fortunately, staying Monday - Friday, I didn't have any troubles with noise from the N Lounge that I'd read about in previous reviews. I would echo other reviewers' comments about the breakfast buffet being disappointing and overpriced at $12. I'd also echo the warnings about the fact that your bill will increase by 20% or more in taxes and fees. My rate here was $250 / night, which then came to $300 with taxes; however, after I voiced my complaints about the cold showers, they discounted my rate 20% for those nights.Having traveled now to Puerto Rico at least 4-5 times, I've come to the conclusion that San Juan's tourism industry is an overpriced racket - it seems as though there's a cartel keeping prices way above market rates in the hotels and major restaurants. However, the real value in Puerto Rico is seen when you travel outside San Juan to the smaller towns, or to Vieques, and stay at the more humble lodgings called Paladares. Buen viaje!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	2	4	1	1	

<Author>canadiancruiserA
<Content>Dirty hotel This hotel is in good location to visit Old San Juan. We walked there and it took us less than 1/2 hour. The hotel room we were given was spacious but the furniture and carpeting had several stains and we asked for another room. After changing rooms 2 more times, we finally got a room on the 7th floor that was somewhat clean. Also, because of the layout of the hotel being open concept, you can hear all the noise from the lobby in all hotel rooms. I would not recommend this hotel or stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>Tango3
<Content>What did you expect? I just arrived back in the states after a week in Puerto Rico. We stayed at the Normandie for nostalgic reasons. I stayed there in '89 for 3 weeks. Then it was a Raddison Hotel. Considering there had just been a hurricane named Hugo, it was a pleasant stay. This trip was no surprise. I can say that the hotel, was in poorer shape than it was then. However, the room was clean. There were slight older stains on a couple of ceiling tiles, and the carpet was old and a little worn. But the room, linens, furnishings, and bathroom were clean. Considering the structure was built in 1939, these things were to be expected. If you are looking for a super-chic 5 star hotel with fine european linens, this is not the place. We do not set a high standard. If you want a place that is clean, comfortable and practical, this is the place. The in-house food, and room service is over-priced. The Subway Sandwich Shop is across the street. Great for budget traveling. Budget Rental maintains an office at the hotel. Very convenient and recommended as a way to get out and enjoy the island away from San Juan. The cable TV, stereo, and in-room safe were great. This is a very old building that has withstood alot over the years. There is a decent public beach called Escambrone within a short walking distance. The private beach for the hotel is small and void of any tables or other beach ammenities. However, it is a great place to enjoy the warm Atlantic waters. The Escambrone Beach is better equipped and very accessible. The locals use it extensively on weekends, but it was lightly occupied during the week. Old San Juan is a 20 minute walk. There are some hills to climb. It is truly the best way to see all that the city offers.The Cristobal and El Morro Forts are amazing. Lots of stairs and ramps. The entry fee for the forts is $3.00. If you go on Valentine's Day, it's free. It is the park's anniversary.If you travel for the 5 star hotel experience, this is not the place. If you need a clean place to retire for the evening, watch a little TV, and rest up between the other activities and places, then this is for you. The traveler who is independent, self-sufficient, and watches their expenses, can do well here. There could be some service improvement, but as stated above, an independent, self sufficient traveler, would do well at The Normandie. Cab fare is $19-20.00 one way from the airport. For areas around the city of Old San Juan, the fare is $10.00. These are set fares. Cab fares are rated by Tourist zones. The only variable is the number of luggage pieces.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BonnieAtlanta
<Content>Not Bad This was my birthday trip and after getting a good price from Priceline I was worried about what to expect after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. Customer service was excellent. The rooms are spacious , but the carpet in the hallways need good cleaning. From reading previous reviews I stayed on the 5th floor so I did not hear the music from the lounges at night. When I went down to the third floor to the exercise room ,you were able to hear the music and it is loud.The hotel resturant has a special three course dinner from 5:00 P.M. to 7:00 P.M. for $19.95 and the food was very tasty. The hotel next door, the Hilton ,have several resturants but they are a bit pricey especially Morton Steakhouse. There is a Subway sandwich shop if you want something simple. I went to Old San Juan one day by public transportation for 50cents. You can catch the bus down the block across the street and it brings you back the same place. If you take a taxicab it will charge you $10.00 to go and $10.00 to come back. If you are a walker when you come out the hotel front door make a right and you can walk to a beach park . If you are a true walker you can take the same path to Old San Juan ,but it gets hot quick and you must start out early in the morning. I did it myself it is over 2 miles.There is an additonal municipal fee and hotel tariff of $21.00 per day added to your stay that is not told to you on check in but I had read about it in one the previous reviews on tripadvisor so it was not a shock. There is a computer room ,free of charge to use in the lobby in a separate room .They will offer to charge you $10.00 for an internet chord at the front desk to use your computer in your room.I personally will stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	5	4	5	

<Author>lgherardi
<Content>no more than a day Normandie is a very contemporary hotel in need of an update, carpets were really dirty everywhere and fresh paint would have been nice, service was extremely slow. The views from rooms were not that great, a friend had a view of the brick wall next store, there was a note to keep curtain closed (we know why) Ok for one night would not stay there for an extended period of time. It was located on the water, the beach was very tiny right behind the property, however there was more beach available within walking distance. Old San Juan was very nice.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vwbeetle1977
<Content>A shame The Normandie hotel is architecturally beautiful but service and especially cleanliness leave a lot to be desired. I am VERY surprised to see positive reviews about this hotel, the carpets are seldom cleaned (It stayed there twice) stained and the rooms already look shabby even though the hotel was revamped in 2005. Maintenance is not the Normandie staff forte. It is supposed to become a W hotel this year: good luck! The breakfast ($12) is all carbs (Costco type pastries) with milk in your coffee being the only source of protein. This is not a place to relax either, the management often organizes weddings and other events that continue late into the night ?The place is very loud. Add another $40 to $50 bucks to your bill for hotel tariff ($12), fees ($5) and taxes (9%) ?definitely not worth the price. The Marriott or the Hilton are much better.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	4	1	

<Author>amanillda
<Content>Loved it! We were in town for my a wedding. The hotel was great. We stayed two nights and had no problems. Check in was very easy, I showed my e-mail confirmation from ---.com but it wasn't needed. The walls in our room were thin but our neighbors were not loud. We ate breakfast in the lobby and the food was good, a little expensive, but good. There is a resturant near by that serves excellent authentic Puerto Rican food, I don't know the name but it is on the water, we found it on accident. There is another great place up the street a little named El Hamburger. Excellent. The beach behind the hotel is not good but a little walk down the beach, there is plenty of sand and a good looking beach. I would definately stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cruzinmike
<Content>we enjoyed our stay at the normandie ...good for the priceline price we payed       comfy bed (room 427)  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	3	4	4	

<Author>MD_EvG
<Content>Worst hotel in San Juan We stayed here in mid-December and they threw a large party in the atrium which kept us up all night. I couldn't believe that they would turn their hotel into a raging disco that lasted all night long. I couldn't believe that they consider themselves a hotel. What an awful place!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>young_CA_family
<Content>Don't stay here! I had a similar experience to the folks from Beverley Hills and Washington DC posted below. We stayed at the Hotel Normandie and also experienced a mid-week fashion show---with the music lasting well into the wee hours of the morning. The staff simply could not understand why I could be upset that I couldn't hear myself think in my own room, with the door shut at 2 in the morning. You could not pay me to stay here. This is not an overstatement: I have had better nights sleep in my student days sleeping in an airport floor--and it was $100 cheaper.While the hotel looks nice from the front (a bit of faded art deco glory), the inside also needs cleaning. But the real issue is that the management displays an utter lack of understanding of how to run a hotel---or even that it is a hotel. DO NOT STAY HERE! The Caribe Hilton next door is significantly nicer and there are good hotels in Old San Juan.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>DCtraveler06
<Content>Affordable but out of the way... We just returned from a Thanksgiving trip to San Juan, Puerto Rico and stayed at the Normandie Hotel. All in all, I would say that the accommodations were fine. The room was clean, housekeeping was very considerate, and the hotel staff was very helpful generally. A couple of warnings about the hotel. It's in an area called Puerta de Tierra right between Old San Juan and Condado. There isn't much within walking distance to the hotel, except for the Caribe Hilton, a Subway restaurant right across the street, and Escambron, a restaurant that serves local fare about a 3 minute walk away. As such, you are in close proximity to two very nice areas but don't really get the benefits of staying in either. Cab fare from the hotel to Old San Juan was $10. I'm not sure about the cab fare to Condado because we generally just walked across the bridge. Except for the beach at the Caribe Hilton, every other beach that we saw was a public beach. The beach near the hotel (not the little area behind the hotel but the area behind Escambron Restaurant) is pretty decent and will serve your most basic beach needs. The nicest beach that we went to in the area was in Isla Verde, which was a $19 cab ride from the hotel (not the one near the Ritz Carlton...barf). You probably notice a pattern here! Lots of cabs! You can also take the bus to many areas but it's not terribly convenient.But I digress. Back to the hotel. The hotel has a bar on the second floor called the N-Lounge. The music is unbelievably loud. We were on the fifth floor and at one point during the night, our walls began to shake! I think that someone must have complained b/c they eventually turned the music down. Also, the food in the restaurant downstairs was pretty good (except for an overpriced Thanksgiving holiday buffet). Finally, be aware that San Juan charges a municipal tax of $5/person per day. I thought that I had paid all relevant taxes when I made my reservation only to find that I had to pay an additional fee when I checked out. (i was not advised of this fee in advance and was not pleased). All in all, the Normandie hotel was fine, but I would not stay there again. I would opt for a hotel in Old San Juan instead. With cabs and the traveling time, the price differential is probably worth it. Oh, by the way, make sure you check out this restaurant called Cafe Annapola in Old San Juan. It's along the wall between San Cristobal and El Morro. The food was delicious and the view is amazing!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	4	3	2	

<Author>CaGlobeTreker
<Content>Great time, friendly staff We stayed during Thanksgiving week. The Staff was courteous, friendly and very helpful. Loved the decor. I wasn't too impressed with the eating facilities or continental breakfast but that was easily overcome by visiting the Caribe Hilton next door. The food was good but just not much variety. The N-Lounge bar is quite nice but only open Thurs _ Sat. although the Atrium bar is open 24 hrs and very comfortable. We didn't make use of the fitness facilities or the Spa. The Spa seemed kind of pricey for the services offered.In the room literature they claim $5.00 for extra coffee packs but that proved to be false in our case. Wireless internet worked very well. Satellite or cable TV have many channels and about half were in english. The room was fairly large (compared to hotels in other countries I have visited, and even some in the US) , divided into an entry/writing area, bedroom/TV room and a sun room. The bathroom was good sized and the only complaint I had there was the water was not as hot as I prefer. It wasn't cold but just a little bit above what I would call warm. A few stains ( not too noticable) on the hallway carpets but I suppose to be expected from a hotel built in '46 or something like that. The pool area was vary nice but hardly used as well as the beach area. We spend most of our time enjoying the facilities at the Hilton next door. The Normandie also offered a substantial discount for AAA members. The location was good. Right between Old Town San Juan and Conado and the casinos. Walking distance to each or ride the A31 bus($.75 p/p) or a fairly cheap and quick taxi ride ($10-12 around town, $19 to the airport) A budget rent a car facility inside the lobby, good service there also. I would recommend this hotel and plan to say again on my next trio to PR. It's not full out luxury but is very unique and well worth the stay unless you have money to burn.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jaaron
<Content>Can be Hit-or-Miss - still working out the kinks. Nice design, and comfortable furniture (Trs Chic, Ooh, La Lah!). Great location. HOWEVER, beauty is only skin deep: The hotel was plagued by water problems - first, a periodic loss of water for 2 days, followed by no hot water for a third day. [Maybe they had a bad week? Still we finally switched hotels.] They have conferences on the same floor as your rooms, so don't plan on sleeping in too late. Management was helpful, and did their best to set things right. But they only have their own material to work with.Keep your expectations low for a 3-Star Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhwasc
<Content>Very bad experience warning This is, by far, the worst experience I've ever had in a hotel. Tonight, without any warning to guests, an extraordinarily loud and roudy cheesy fashion show went on in the hotel atrium. It was totally impossible to sleep. The party ended at 12 midnight. I had to wake up at 5am. Management did not care nor did they attempt to resolve the complaint of the many guests who complained. The food is terrible. The architecture is a cheap, no classy, wanna be attempt to recreate a Florida South Beach Hotel. The electricity went out often. Service was horrible. I* wish I could say that I was exaggerating. Alas, myself and the film crew that stayed there hadn't any choice. You do. DO NOT STAY HERE. YOU WILL BE SORRY!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>alexander123
<Content>Perfect Medium Its quite apparent that the Normandie has seen better days, but its better for all that faded glory. The Art Deco architecture is certainly nice--distinguishing amongst the glut of high-end resorts crowding the shoreline of Condado and Isla Verde. The Public areas are the most impressive, while the rooms remain pretty standard--but large and well appointed.The staff were all very helpful: letting us into our room early on our arrival, and keeping our luggage after checkout while we ran around before our flight. My only complaint was the incredibly--almost comically poor--timing of housekeeping to come to our room. In one instance trying to enter our room at 10am, despite a deadbolt, a Do Not Disturb sign, and the hysterical yelling of a young couple as we hurredly threw on our clohes...which I guess you can look at as the houskeeping staff's dedication to their job, if nothing else.Avoid: room service (food is mediocre and overpriced), the cheesy club on the second floor on weekends (cheesy house music and cheesy folks populating the bar), and taking cabs. Do: Take the bus. There's a bus stop right near the hotel (across a busy street, but still) and you can get anywhere in Old San Juan and Condado area for 50 cents. Overall, the location is a huge plus: you can walk to Condado Beaches in 10 minutes, and hop on a bus and be in Old San Juan within 5.In a nutshell: a good, reasonably priced hotel, with nice details, and a great location.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Travelagentwa
<Content>Travel Agent Review As a travel agent, we travel the world and inspect hotels for our clients. I would not book my clients in this hotel.The hotel is clean but the management could careless about about customer service.After an 11 hour flight we looked forward to a dinner in our room,I called the front desk and asked if they could provide another chair for our room so we could sit at the table and eat in our room.I was told that if I wanted another chair that they could charge me another $60.00 for an upgraded room with 2 chairs, and they were not friendly about it.The hotel is overpriced for the service and quality that is hotel offers.Agent looking out for my clients.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>utqiagvik
<Content>OK ... if you REALLY love Art Deco! My friend and I stayed at the Normandie for five nights in mid-August. This was my second trip to PR, and having stayed at the neighboring Caribe Hilton before (and having walked over to the Normandie and been really impressed by the gorgeous lobby) I decided to book our stay for this second trip at the Normandie, since I really love Art Deco, and since they offered a great rate of $130+tax a night. When checking in I made sure I asked for a room AWAY from the N Lounge (since many other reviewers here have recommended that) ... the check-in lady seemed amused/surprised, but she gave us one nevertheless.Well, what I realized upon staying here is that 99% of the hotel's charm lies in its magnificent exterior and its amazing public areas (the aforementioned lobby and the very unusually-shaped pool). The room itself was a disappointment. Keep in mind the rooms with King beds (like the one we had), which are all located at either ends of the building, are much smaller than the ones with two double beds which are all located in the middle portion of the building, although if you ask for one in the rear of the building the sea-view is much better. There were stains on the walls (especially in the bathroom), the ceilings and the whole bathroom itself were very institutional (ugly and unimaginative, as if all the class and style visible in the lobby area somehow disappeared when one got into the bathroom or looked at the bedroom ceiling). Housekeeping was also hit-or-miss (bottled water some days, none on others, only one coffee pack, and a very distasteful If you need more coffee, let housekeeping know and we'll add $5 to your room charge!). There were also no washcloths in the bathroom, only bath towels and hand towels. The bed looked comfortable, but actually was not very (it was soft but strangely unsupportive). The separate nook for the desk was nice (unusual), and the oversized desk as well as the TV counter were magnificent pieces of modern, Scandinavian-style furniture. A two-seater couch would have been nice to have in addition, especially by the window (they just provided a single-seater).The BIGGEST disappointment however was the lack of a balcony (unless you rent one of the very few and VERY expensive executive-level suites). I applaud the hotel designers for imaginatively designing it to reflect the spirit of an ocean liner, but didn't those have balconies? What's the point of a seaside hotel if there is no place to sit out in private with a friend and enjoy the view and breeze?The other gripe I had was that, while the hotel lobby cafe was extremely overpriced (which is reasonable, given how beautiful the surroundings are and how tasty the food is), but there were NO budget ($25pp) eating options within walking distance except the Subway restaurant. The Condado and Old San Juan areas are much better in this regard, and that's where one had to go to (and pay the to-and-fro cab fare) in order to get meals that did not cost a minimum of $100 for two people.But all said and done, I did not regret my choosing to stay here, because after all, it is a one-of-a-kind building (an absolute Art Deco treasure) with very intriguing history, and it's the kind of place any Art Deco lover ought to stay in at least once. But ONCE is really the keyword for me. I don't think I will stay here again, because when I vacation in a tropical seaside location I absolutely MUST have a balcony, even if it is just a small one. I also need the option of having local restaurants nearby to provide an alternative to expensive in-hotel food.Tip: Actually, having traveled to PR, St. Thomas, and St. Croix, I must say that beach-front hotel rooms are surprisingly cheaper in the US Virgin Islands than they are in PR, even though the latter have a reputation of being more upmarket. But then the biggest reason for me to visit PR is for the people ... simply among the friendliest and most cheerful people I have met in all my travels. Places like USVI and Jamaica don't come anywhere close in terms of friendliness and hospitality to PR, which is why I will visit this beautiful island again and again, if I can...  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>nycqt25
<Content>Great Hotel, Helpful Staff My friend and I (two 20 something girls from NYC) booked our trip for Labor Day weekend. We stayed for 4 nights. From the moment we arrived at the hotel, the staff was friendly and helpful. They suggested restaurants, shopping and booked our tours of the rainforest (El Yunque) and Old San Juan. The doormen were polite and always quick to ask if we needed a taxi. PROS: Beautiful hotel; stylish, modern rooms; refrigerator, cable tv, and safe in the room. Hotel spa with hot tub that I luxuriated in while awaiting my massage. Hotel shop with lots of candy, soda, etc. Great location; it's between Old San Juan and Condado; and behind the hotel is Escambron Beach. The beach is literally behind the hotel and to the left. (takes less than 2 min to walk; i walked there each day in my suit  flip flops; hotel has special exit at rear for the beach) So I don't know what the other reviewers are complaining about. There's a great beach nearby, the hotel just doesn't have it's own personal beach. It's also a 5 min. taxi ride to Old San Juan ($10) and close to a restarant on the beach (2 min walk) and the restaurants in the Hilton Hotel which is just next door.CONS: Most of the exercise equipment was broken. My friend got her eyebrows waxed in the spa and it looked terrible. The handle on the bathroom door and the shower lever fell of repeatedly. The hotel shop was ridiculously overpriced. A can of Sprite was $2.00! When they booked our tours, they told us they ended at 2:30PM when they really ended at 4:30PM, which pissed us off b/c we wouldn't have taken more than one if we'd known they would take up our whole day. The 24/hr hotel restaurant was super expensive and had a limited menu. We ordered room service, a $13 plate of shrimp appetizer...ended up costing $26.00 with tax, delivery fee, plus predetermined gratuity! And there were only 3 shrimp on the plate! What a rip off! And they don't even have ice cream in the hotel! ;-) Also of all the restaurants that are supposed to be in the hotel, only 1 of them were open the whole time we were there. And the worst part: the body pillow on our bed smelled like urine!!!!Overall: As much as I've complained, it was still a good experience. Our room was clean, for the most part and the staff was helpful. We also liked the location.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>babymeeshy
<Content>First Trip to PR...definitely not the last I booked a last minute 4-day trip with my boyfriend; so, the rate was not at all unreasonable. When we arrived on a Thurs., we immediately found a white cab to take us to the hotel for about 10 or 11 USD. Since this was short a trip, our main concern was just to get a great tan! And just about every morning, we laid out at the Blue Flag beach El Escambron just a 2-5 minute walk away. It was absolutely gorgeous, but my bf did complain that it is a family beach and that man-made rocks blocked the waves. It never rained for more than 5 minutes. Anywho, the Normandie Hotel is very nice, but the evening reception is unfriendly/unhelpful. My bf found that we got most of our useful info from the bellhops and the budget rent-a car agent across from the front desk. We were originally assigned to a 2nd floor room next to the N lounge, and I had requested a new floor but the receptionists threatened to charge an extra 40 bucks or so per night. Luckily when we tried the room key, it wasn't working and they gave us a room on the 5th floor, which had a great view of the ocean and the El Caribe Hilton next door. The room was cleaned every day by housekeeping. The room was comfortable, and more or less we had no complaints. Because of the proximity, we took the local bus to Old San Juan every day to eat and shop. The food was surprisingly expensive, but i guess they're catering to tourists after all. We did make it to Pamela's at Numero Uno guesthouse in Ocean Park for dinner, which was hands-down the BEST meal we had on the island. Another major highlight was a a tour with Eco-Action tours to Fajardo to swim with the glowing plankton. The tour guide, Peter, picked us up from the hotel for a 40 min ride to Fajardo. He and 2 others led a group of about 20 to the biobay. It was pretty stinky but the experience was well worth it. I would definitely recommend PR for some RR. Would I stay at the Normandie again? Maybe. It is very close to Old San Juan and a short cab ride away from New San Juan. The only thing was that not much is around there but the beach. The food in the hotel was generally overpriced with small portions, but we did like the night server at the Cafe, who was super nice and helpful but he was the only staff there who was taking care of the cafe and room service; so service tended to be slow. All in all an enjoyable stay but much too short!!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	4	1	

<Author>curlyloxx
<Content>Classy, Art Deco and definitely out of an Ikea catalogue! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Normandie during a much needed weekend trip to Puerto Rico. Upon reading the reviews, I didn't expect much (especially of the beach) but the pictures that were posted of the hotel, to me, showed a beautiful hotel. When we got there, I must admit, I was impressed. The hotel (just like the pictures dictated) was beautiful. The foyer was very trendy... the breakfast area which also doubles as the lounge was very retro-looking, very hip and modern with leather chairs and the most beautiful artwork... the suite was something out of an Ikea catalogue and even the bed was very comfortable.... not to mention, the architecture of the hotel is beautiful, very art deco era... As reported, the parking was $10/night... we parked there for the first night, then street parked across the street for the duration of our stay. The beach (also reported by others) was a dump. I glimpsed it out of the top floor of the hotel and I couldn't believe they had the nerve to even call it a beach! Anyhow, because I knew this, I planned different excursions to several beaches on the island including Playa Flamenco which was rated as one of the best beaches in the world by Conde Nast. Check it out if you get a chance... you have to take a ferry to get to the island of Culebra where the beach is situated, but it's well worth it! Other than that, the only problem we had occured the day we were leaving. In the morning as we were packing our bags, the toilet all of a sudden flushed... and it didn't stop flushing... it flushed over and over for about an hour and a half until we checked out. Also, the bathrooms, aren't as modern looking as the room, but it did the job and wasn't dirty. Just be sure to keep the window open while showering as there is no fan system in the bathroom.I rated the hotel 4 stars (above average) cause I felt it definitely was above average. The continental breakfast was fresh and there was a variety of things to eat including fresh fruit, pastries, bagels and muffins. I didn't really need to talk to the staff until check-out so I didn't have a problem with them... my room was always made up when I got back from excursions... I never experienced the sound problems most complain of (I stayed on the fourth floor)... overall, I had a great experience and would definitely go back should I find myself on a weekend trip to Puerto Rico!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>JustinTravels
<Content>A Lesson Learned Air conditioners that dont go below 78 degrees, mildew smell throughout, seedy-nasty staff, low class clientle. If that's your scene, you'll have no problems. Evidently some are used to that, I am not, so next time I'll stay at the Marriott.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>JPete0429
<Content>Would be Ok if it were a cheap hotel!       THe floor leaked through to the next floor  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Hay_Papito
<Content>Nice for a first trip to San Juan Recently traveled to San Juan with my girlfriend for a few days of relaxation and fun. The initial room that we were put in had a good view but the A/C in the room was not working well and it was very warm. Maintenance responded to the room and tried to reset the A/C but to no avail. We contacted the on duty manager and we were put in another room on the third floor. The first room also had a door that led to a utility room, not standard for most hotel rooms. The room that we were moved to was very nice except the shower leaked. Overall the room was quite spacious and the bed was large and comfortable. The room was clean and with a good view of the surrounding area. The pool was nice and clean, room service was adequate and the workout room was pretty small but with a great view. The hotel did not appear in disrepair but could use some beautification to make it a bit more aesthetically pleasing. We ate a late lunch at the hotel bar and the service was slow but the food was good. There appeared to be a lot of staff on scene and they were all friendly and eager to assist. The hotel is good place for a romantic getaway especially if you are with good company but if you want it quiet ask for a room close to the pool as the club on the second floor gets hopping on the weekends. One tip is not to buy items from the shop in the hotel (large bottle of water = $4.50) there is a little market just down the street across from the Hilton that has bottled water, gatorade, sodas and snacks for a much more reasonable price. Go to the Normandie if you want a HUGE clean room at a good price. I would also check out the Hilton if I was looking to stay in that part of town though, huge swimming pool, private beach and several restaurants and a Starbucks on their property.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff Not Responsive The main gripe about this hotel is that the club on the second floor, called the N Lounge played music so loud that it literally shook our walls. We were unable to sleep. Calls to the front desk did no good either as the the music continued to vibrate for an additional two hours after our first complaint. The staff was not very friendly in responding to our complaint. The ironic thing is that the N Lounge boasts that it is the place to be seen. We went inside and found only two people sitting at the bar. For them to play the music that loud for two people was absurd. If you must stay here, demand a room away from the N Lounge on the upper floors. Our room was one floor above the lounge. Other than that, the hotel was just average. It's very old and looks it from the inside. I wouldn't go back.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bad pool and No beach I went to San Juan to visit a friend from college and brought my mother along expecting her to be able to hang out at the pool and beach. The pool was allright.. a little dirty and not very modern. The beach that was promised was barely a beach at all. there was about 5 feet of sand until you reached the water and the area was always filled with scuba divers from a very nearby scuba school. It is hard for me to say how I liked the room we stayed in. You walk in and there is a small room with nothing in it except a desk and one light, then through a doorway is the bedroom with two queen sized beds and a tv. The beds were VERY comfortable and soft and the tv was a good size also. The problem was, one bed was only a foot away from the far wall which had the door to the bathroom. It was very cramped and hard for my mother to get in and out of that area. The room also only had one small light so it was very dark in the mornings and evenings when the light wasn't coming in through the windows. At night (i only know of the weekends) there are parties in all of the banquet roooms of the hotel and in the Lounge there is a bar and dancing (very fun if you are 25-35ish). It starts early and ends late... which made it hard for my mother to sleep at night.I would recommend this hotel if you are coming to San Juan on business and if you are not a light sleeper  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very classy When we got to the hotel, we saw the beautiful glass doors and a doorman opened the doors for us also taking our luggage. After talking to the front desk, we took the elevator up to our room. We had a gorgeous view of the beach, like no other. People like to complain about its cleanliness but those people are cranks.A few problems occured- like our internet going out consistantly and the air not coming on. So we were placed in another room, much nicer but the only problem was the level of noise! The front desk promised to stop it but it took awhile to actually stop. They have very classy restaurants and kind servers and staff. COMFORTABLE BEDS! Stay here if you are under the age of 40  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great staff, great bar My girlfriend and I just got back from a 3 day trip at Normandie. The staff was nothing but wonderful the entire time we were there. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. We found the hotel to be a very pleasant experience; the rooms were clean and spacious. The receptionists were so friendly and so were the other staff. We had a great time in the Lounge, awesome music and great Mojitos. Our room was close to the bar but the noise level was ok. Josue at the pool was fast and friendly. No music at the pool but great for relaxing. Next time in PR we will stay at the Normandie again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Business Hotel I stayed at the Normandie for 3 nights on a business trip. My local contact recomended the hotel but I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews. I did not encounter any problems and enjoyed the hotel. I travel frequently on business to the Caribbean and have high expectations for service and friendly staff. I did not use the pool or beach but had several meals in the restaurants. Service was good and the food, specially in the Italian restaurant, was excellent. The rooms are spacious, with a large desk and good WiFi connection.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hidden Price on Room Rates, Beware !! Be careful on the rates they give you, they will say when you book a room, for example, $210 a night includes everything, For us that menas taxes too. But when you check out, they will add antother 9% per night to the room rate, but they won't say this until you check out. BEWARE!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mrrd
<Content>Unacceptable The Normandie is a hotel that has survived well past its time. They were not able to provide a non-smoking room even though reservations were made well in advance. The room suffered from lingering odor of smoke, the shower handle fell off, the cold water ceased working leaving scalding hot water only, the key cards constantly failed and had to be recoded three times. And the front desk service was indifferent. Credit does go to the maid and concierge for reasonably good service. The wireless and wired internet service did not work in the room, at least in our room. I had to sit in the lounge area to get usable reception. Overall, the 4 day stay was 4 days too long. It appears to be surrounded by bigger and better hotels, Caribe Hilton,etc. There are two signs in front of the hotel; one lists valet parking for $5.00 and the other for $15.00, $15.00 for valet parking? The food was not very satisfying in the lounge restaurant. A turkey/cheese wrap consisted of 80% wrap skin, one slice of turkey and one slice of cheese but more important, well overpriced and not worth the money. We would have probably done better at the Subway across the street. Finally, on the last evening, during the night, a strong odor seeped into the room that was similar to an open septic tank for several minutes. Go somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked it, but... A colleague and I who are both travel agents stayed at the Normandie the weekend of June 9th, Friday and Saturday evenings recently and I thought I'd offer a quick review.Although we had made the reservation about 2 weeks in advance, to avoid any snags I had faxed the hotel the week before our stay to alert them to the fact that we would not be arriving at the hotel until around 3am due to our late flight and it was imperative that we have a room with 2 beds.As you can imagine, it was the usual story:our room had a king bed and due to the hotel being full, there was nothing available with 2 beds. After explaining that this was unacceptable, and pointing out the fact that we were both travel agents coming to look at the property since neither of us had stayed there before, she finally 'found' a room with 2 double beds, but warned us that it was not remodeled or renovated. At that point, after working a full day and flying 3 1/2 hours from Newark, as long as the room had 2 beds, we were fine. Even the view was unimportant to us, all we wanted to do was sleep!We were given room 605, which must be one of those save for the overflow-don't give this room unless the hotel is desperate kind of rooms. When she said it was not remodeled, she was being kind!Neverless, it was relatively clean and although the beds were old, the linens were clean and beds were comfortable.The next morning we left the room before 9am and put the 'please clean room' sign on the door handle. Let me follow up by saying that there are only a few guest rooms on the 6th floor as it's mostly meeting rooms and the banquet area, etc.Needless to say, we returned to our room after 1pm to find the maid had not been there yet. I was planning on calling down to the front desk to let them know since I presumed it was possible the housekeeping was not aware anyone was staying in it, being an overflow room.It was then I discovered the room had no telephone!That was definitely the last straw so we went down to the front desk and was told this time by a different agent that she would have to get the manager, nothing else was available, room-wise.Although he was pleasant, he was rather standoffish and cool and he never once made any apology or offered any explanations. However, we were moved to the 7th floor in a newly renovated room with 2 doubles. It was like night and day! Although we did not have an ocean view nor balcony, the room was great and we felt that the hotel did the right thing by moving us and we were pleased and satisfied with the room.I have been to Puerto Rico many times and have stayed in various areas around the island. The location of the Normandie is not bad, adjacent to the Caribe Hilton and a $10 cab ride to the Condado. If you're a walker, the stroll to Old San Juan is about 35-45 minutes, but quite pleasant if it's not a really humid day....The pool was small, but not overly crowded or noisy like the pool at the Hilton. The restaurant in the lobby serves breakfast and lunch and is quite reasonably priced with decent food. As other reviewers have said, the beach is an afterthought, but there is a better public beach in the state park, just west of the property.The Caribe Hilton was strict about asking if you were staying at their hotel, so using their beach was out, but I have a feeling if it were a less busy weekend or perhaps a weekday, it would've been possible.Would I stay here again? Maybe. Granted, being travel agents, we were paying a good rate. I just was a bit perplexed that since my colleague and I are in travel industry and can either send the hotel clients or dissuade people from staying there, we were perplexed that the hotel did not do a bit more to 'impress' us or at least offer an apology. I have a feeling that based on many earlier reviews, the management is a bit jaded when it comes to complaints since it seems like they must get them quite often.I would, however, be reluctant to recommend the hotel to clients for fear that they would have a similar experience that would reflect poorly upon myself and my agency.If the hotel would just do themselves a favor and renovate the few rooms that still aren't finished I would feel much more comfortable sending them business.Also, customer service needs some serious improvement as I believe no matter what rate you are paying or what venue you've booked through-either travel agent, Priceline, Expedia, hotel website, etc you should still try to accommodate your guests and make sure they're happy. My review would've been 4 of 5 if it hadn't been for the hotels disinterest and lack of professionalism dealing with guest complaints!A few quick points-Get a room on the 7th floor...the hallways on some of the other floors are unusually dark and drab, but the top floor is under the skylight and is well-lit and pleasant.The gift shop in hotel is overpriced for usual things like bottled water, soda, snacks, etc (but then again, do you know many cheap gift shops at hotels?).Do yourself a favor and pick up supplies outside at one of the many small markets or Walgreens since most of the rooms have a fridge and you can easily store drinks, etcIf you do have a complaint, be firm, but pleasant. I'm sure if we were aggressive and rude in voicing our gripes, we would still be in that crappy unrenovated room!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Puerto Rico/Hotel ok I just returned from my trip to Puerto Rico. Right before I left I read many reveiws that were posted about the Normandie Hotel and also what to do around Puerto Rico. I found that Trip Advisor was extremely helpful and accurate with their information. When I arrived to PR I went straight to the hotel -early before checkout time. They received me anyway which I thought was nice. The concierge stated that he had a room availible for us. A friend of ours was coming in a couple hours later so we just ended up hanging out at the beach next door at the Caribe Hilton. The beach and pool area at the Noramndie are not good. They are both very small and the hotel does not provide chairs at the beach. Your best bet is to go next door to the Cribe Hilton. They have a large beach area, many pools, restuarant and daily activities. What I was most disappointed with was our room. It looked nothing like the pictures that I had seen on the internet. We were on the 4th floor about the N lounge. During most of the week it was quiet but once Thursday night came it was very loud and we could not sleep.I went to see my friends room and it was nothing like our room. It was beautiful. Clean and completly different decoration and sizing. Overall my suggestion would be to book at the Caribe Hilton. I spent all my time there- from lunches, beach time, pool time to drinks at their swim up bar. It is more welcoming.Best things to Do: El Yunque Rainforest Trip and also Kayaking at night at the lagoon in Fajardo! So much fun..I booked with A and B Tours. they were great. ask fo rHector, he was our tour guide and we loved him.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>inenbasket
<Content>fantastic!               More photos  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Perki
<Content>Beware - Some rooms are better than others I booked this hotel for a one night stay, using Hotwire as we decided to take a cruise just 3 1/2 weeks before the departure date so I knew it was going to be hard to find a hotel last minute as many stay in San Juan a day or two pre-cruise so the city is usually quite booked up. That being said once I was booked with Normandie Hotel the reservation said to contact the hotel directly for any further help or questions. 3 days before we arrived I called and confirmed our reservation, notified them that we would be late arrivals as our flight didn't land til almost 8pm and requested a King size bed as my huband is a larger guy and I didn't want to spend the 1st night of our Anniversary vacation in separate beds - the two of us would never fit in a standard double bed. I was told that all would be noted in their system on our reservation, not a problem. While waiting for our connecting flight from Miami to San Juan I again called to confirm late arrival and King bed and was told that our reservation did show that and that all would be in order when we arrived later that day. Well we arrived and went to the first room, #606 and it was 2 double beds. It was hard to see as the lights only worked in the bathroom just as you entered the room, the ones in the sleeping area weren't working and there wasn't a phone in the room either - both of which puzzled the luggage steward that was following us with our bags. From what I could see in the dark this room's decor didn't even remotely resemble the pictures from any of the travel sites for this hotel - flowery bedspread kind of maybe and real dark carpet? Certainly not art deco and the room was very musty smelling and damp feeling. So we went back to the front desk and I explained our dismay and explained my 2 previous conversations with persons from their hotel. The desk clerk said that with Hotwire we could receive a double or a king and I said I understand and that is why I called to notify I needed a King so they could be certain to accomodate us. They swapped us over to room #211 and lo and behold if it wasn't identical to the one in all the travel site pictures - cool colors on the walls, nice bedding, cool airconditioning and no musty smell, etc. So I guess the moral of the story is, if you don't book direct and use a price hunting website some hotels feel they can give you their worst room and you have no reason for disappointment, but I feel if they have these different rooms they need to show them all on the websites so you know the range of what is possible to get so one can make and educated decision on if they want to take a chance to get stuck with a room like that. All I had was a picture of a gorgeous room and believed they all looked like that why would I expect otherwise? So it worked out for us but may not for others so just so you know - all the rooms are NOT as nice as the ones in their picture. Also I think they have put money into the main areas of the hotel which do look nice but that one room #606 I saw was 2 steps down in quality from what the rest of the hotel looked like - sad. Would I stay here again, maybe, but I would have to be certain that I could get a room identical to #211 and not #606, if they couldn't guarantee me that, then no I would not chance it with a room such as #606 it was sub-par.Also as another person noted above the night we stayed there was a Quincinera (coming of age latin party, usually 15yrs old) so there were hundreds of teens running around and loud music, especially up on the 6th floor by the 1st room they had us going into. There was no way we could have gotten any sleep that night so we are lucky they moved us to #211. I don't know if there is any way to know this when booking, maybe one could ask when making a reservation, but their events centers are mixed in with the rooms not on the ground floor tucked in corner so as to not disturbed ones sleep - it is a hotel which is what most people want is a good nights rest. Also 1 of the central elevators was not working at all and the teens pretty much kept the other one tied up riding up and down and cramming many bodies in so we actually used a back elevator not usually used for guests, but it was more comfortable and reliable so suited me fine.San Juan is such an odd place to find a decent hotel at a decent price. We paid almost $150 with all taxes and everything which I do not consider cheap and this hotel's rooms usually run over $200/nt so I am glad I paid what I did. Next time I think I'll try the Carib Hilton or another better known place as this place isn't consistent in it's quality.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed My wife and I read several reviews about the Normandie on Tripadvisor and decided to book a room there. We were greeted with a courteous and cheerful staff. The room appeared to be nice however to our dismay, we discovered that there were roaches in the cabinet area around the refridgerator. On the second night of our stay, there was a wedding and sweet 16 party taking place. The music and crowd were so loud, we couldn't rest or sleep until 3:00am. We complained to the staff and requested to be moved away from the party area however, we were told that no other roooms were available as the hotel was completely booked. Likely story!!!Would we recommed this hotel? Probably so if you don't mind a few roaches in the room and loud noise when there are parties or other functions at the hotel. One other word of advice, if you need directions around the city, please don't ask the staff, they will send you on a wild goose chase!!!!Harold and Pat  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel! This is a fantastic hotel, and I have previously stayed in MANY hotels in San Juan. I was here for 4 nights for business, and just extended by stay by 2 days (weekend) because I can not bear to leave! They were actually booked for the weekend, but accomodated by request to stay. How do you spell paradise? Beautiful hotel with a trendy South Beach feel to entertain singles, yet I also saw many families who also seemed to be enjoying themselves here. Art deco lobby with a 24 hour bar, great restaurants, and the best was every I time I return to the hotel in the evening, they have aromatic candles burning to welcome you home. Heavenly! The attention to this level of detail is evident throughout the hotel and is why it deserves the high rating I am giving it. Well-staffed and incredibly gracious service, from check-in thru maid service, I have only encountered smiling, helpful faces throughout. The restaurants were excellent (no boring , over-priced hotel food comes out of any of their kitchens). We had our pick of places to go in San Juan and kept finding ourselves coming back to the hotel to eat. There was one lobster pasta dish at their Cru restaurant that all of us raved over, and I think I have to go back and have again! I thought the prices were reasonable for San Juan and esp for the quality you receive. Even breakfast off the menu was innovative, delicious and well-priced i n the typical hotel range. I had a special request for lunch and the kicthen accomodated it beautifully. Not to mention, my room is beyond expectation. It is 3 large rooms, an office area, bedroom and sitting room, with a huge bathroom. The bed is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on, with plenty of pillows and fine linens on bed and in bath. Gilchrist and Soames toiletries with sea kelp bits add to the luxury. Actually, the whole experience here has been one of a pampered spa. Wireless and/or cable hook up included, so you can do business or stay connected with email so easily. Phillips CD player in room. I feel very spoiled here. Some of the other reviews complained about thin walls and noise. I did not have this problem, but maybe its because the bed is so comfortable I drifted off to such a comfortable sleep! The maids did SUCH a good job cleaning my room every day, again, I haven't seen this kind of attention to detail in such a long time, and I'm a biz traveler who has stayed in some great hotels. They really service you here. Even the gift shop is innovative and fun- and also sells those great candles! I haven't been to the spa yet but am very tempted to give it a try. The pool is much better than I expected, large and with spacious seating capacity. The beach area behind the hotel is small, but as other reviews have said, you can either go to the Caribe Hilton next door or just behind the hotel is a nice public beach. I honestly don't know how you could improve upon this experience, I can't think of a single thing they are missing. They even have a small refrig in the room, along with a safe, etc. Location for me is excellent- you can easily walk across the bridge to Condado strip, or to Old San Juan which is a little further but a short taxi ride away. I find Condado strip/Ashford Ave gets a bit noisy and busy, so being just off of it slightly gives you a more restful yet convenient experience. I stayed here once about 5 years ago and there is a huge difference in what they have done. They have managed to take a big old landmark and somehow made it a boutique hotel with a resort feel. They seem to have a lot of fun events, Mango Mojitos night, an art party, and tonight there is an Afterparty for Puerto Rican High Fashion week! Clearly, this is a San Juan hotel that you will be reading more favorable things about. Other guests seem to be smiling as well, and the whole ambience here is something special. Kudos go out to the management and staff of this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TripAdvicester
<Content>Nice Facade, Good Location This hotel has a nice Art Deco facade, but the rooms are in need of renovation. The rooms were not always cleaned properly and my dry cleaning was not only never dry cleaned but nowhere to be found on the day of my departure. It was eventually found after a few hours. The hotel has a nice lounge/bar downstairs, and hotel guests receive a complimentary drink. It is also easy to book tours from the concierge desk downstairs. The hotel has wireless Internet access and is centrally located to area attractions.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sweet old hotel The Normandie has a charm that I can't quite define. As another reviewer mentioned you can sense the greatness that this hotel once possessed.The hotel was very clean and the staff were friendly but not obtrusive. In fact I had no complaints with any of the service. The bartender and the attendant by the pool were as sweet and friendly as could be without being phony.The room was good sized although the location was not ideal (we overlooked the tennis courts at the spa next door - try and ask for a higher floor more towards the ocean). Everything was clean although showing some minor signs of age (some discolorations of the carpet, etc.) that had no impact on the comfort of the accomodation. The bed and linens were fabulous to sleep on.We did hear the music from a banquet one night but honestly, unless you are super sensitive to sound it isn't difficult to deal with.The pool was impeccably maintained and there was always a peaceful quiet and plenty of space, sun or shade, to rest.True the beach is non-existent but as the park is right there you have the chance to walk to a better beach area or you can also mingle with locals on the weekend. I spent some time watching some local in-line skaters doing tricks off the wall, which was pretty cool.The breakfast is nothing to write home about and is a little pricey. For $19 there is a breakfast buffet at the Caribe Hilton just next door (literally a walk around the corner) that would keep you stuffed all day long. The area has nothing else in the immediate vicinty. You will have to walk the bridge over to Condado to find off property restaurant choices or you can pay the taxi fare to go to Old San Juan or Isla Verde (taxis are quite pricey so be prepared). We wanted to take buses but they are few and far between...although cheap you could be waiting for an hour or more (even though they say they run every 20 minutes).Speaking of the Hilton we had friends there and their room was small compared to ours, although they did have a balcony. The pool and beach there is nice but TERRIBLY crowded and loud.Overall give some consideration to the Normandie. It's a very interesting hotel with a history and charm that will win you over.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Impressed I stayed at the Normandie this past weekend with a large group and all of us were very impressed with the hotel and with the staff. The rooms were all great in size and were very comfortable. Its in a great location - close to both Old San Juan and to Coronado. The staff was always very helpful - especially, Andrew. He was always willing to make suggestions and line up any requests we made. I stayed on the second floor which is the same as the lounge. Never at night did I hear any noise that kept me up. Granted their beach area is tiny but just go next door to the Hilton as the other reviewers suggested. All in all our stay was terrific. We loved Old San Juan and enjoyed our stay at the Normandie.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>StaceyBorsik
<Content>Puerto Rico was wonderful Normandie was a great hotel to stay at. My trip was for 4 days and 3 nights. The staff was very nice. The location is fantastic! I only was at the hotel to sleep, the pillows are wonderful and the rooms were great. Puerto Rico is full of so many things to do. Old San Juan, just minutes away and a $10 taxi ride. During the day check out the forts plus plenty of shops. Old San Juan is the place for nightlife, great bars and posh restaurants. Check out a great casual bar called NoNo. The hotel concierge Andrew was extremely helpful, ask for him only. If you are going to rent a car, rent it at the Normandie as there is a Budget rent a car on site at the hotel. You can rent a car for $30 a day, by not renting at the airport you don pay the airport surcharge. Parking at the hotel is $10 a nightr just park outside on the curb for free, that what I did. For a great authentic cheap Puerto Rican breakfast or lunch visit La Tropical Cafeteria, it is just across from the hotel to the left of Subway. You have to visit the El Yunque Rain Forest while your in Puerto Rico, youl see gougous waterfalls and magnificent senic views plus cool hiking trails. Make sure you wear shoes with soles, not flip flops as the rain forest is very wet and slick. Bring a plastic poncho if you don want to get wet. Luquillo is a great beach town, you will see rows of kiosks of restaurants, bars  shops. Be sure to eat at Kiosco #2 La Parrilla Bar  Grill Restaurant, the Yuca Rings are delicious, just like onion rings but better, the mahi mahi was wonderful. In Luquillo you can horseback ride on the beach, again wear those shoes, not the flip flops. Travel pass Fajado and go to the Puerto del Rey Marina, it is the largest marina in the Caribbean. That is were you can take an awesome catamaran boat trip all day from 10am-3:30pm. Book with East Island Excursions ----, the astwind II?is a 62?catamaran with glass bottom windows, on board waterslide, lunch is provided and complementary Rum drinks, Pina Coladas, Rum Punch or $2 beers. The boat sails to an island off the coast and provides snorkeling gear for checking out the coral reefs, this excursion is a Must at only $59 per person! Fun for kids and adults! If you like to fish, deep sea fishing is a must. We caught 2 Tunas with Caribbean Outfitters, ----, $525 for a half a day for up to 6 people. Do Not go fishing on the day you leave, do it earlier in the trip so that if you catch fish you can take it to a local restaurant and enjoy it. We couldn find anyone who would pack and ship. After the trip Captain Omar arranged for someone to come out to the marina and filet the fish and we ate raw tuna right there, just like eating sushi! We took some of the fish home that day on the plane in a plastic cooler from Walgreens, the rest we gave to Captain Omar and Axle. Enjoy your trip, Puerto Rico is a wonderful place to vacation. If you want all the comforts of home youl have it or take a step of the beaten path and try something new like a CoCo Frio which is a coconut that you drink the coconut water straight coconut or a Caf con leche, coffee with warm milk, delicious! Again, enjoy the trip, I can wait to go back and check out Rincon on the West side of the island!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad       view of the beach  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DVPinNYC
<Content>Great hotel, not great location The best part of Normandie is the room. The room had a huge bed and was very clean and modern. The rest of the hotel was not as great. There really is not a beach about a foot of sand and the pool was okay, nothing fancy. The hotel has a small cafe for breakfast, overpriced buns. There is a club and bar in the hotel, but after a walkthrough, the cable TV in the room seemed more appealing. There is a bigger beach near by, walking distance and a park across the street that is nice to walk in. We went next door to the Marriott; they have a beautiful pool (and a Starbucks). They were checking if you were staying there on the weekends, otherwise we were not asked. There is a Subway and other deli/convenient stores nearby. Take the 25 cent bus to Old San Juan, very quick ride. It would be better to stay by the nicer beaches, closer to the airport. We took a long, nauseating bus ride to the beach at the Intercontinental one-day, gorgeous hotel with an amazing pool and beach. One big perk of Normandie is its closeness to Old San Juan, which has a lot of great restaurants and is nice to walk around the streets.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I had an AWSOME stay!! I've seen several negative reviews but my expreince was nothing but the best. Staff bent over backwards for me. I hate to say it but I was in Puerto Rico for 4 days, and partially due to the rain, and partially due to the wonderful hotel room I had, I didn't get out much. :-) The room service was amazing and I had in-room breakfast, lunch, dinner and late-night several times. The restaurant and the room service food was FAR above my expectations. The wine list is great too. The hotel is on a public beach and the part that comes up to the hotel property is great for swiming but not for laying around -- it's too narrow. On the one day I had sun, I lounged around the pool and then went for a swim at the beach. The colors, the carpeting, everything was thoroughly modern but went well with the art deco architecture. The gift shop was unique as it didn't have the standard cheap/tacky nick-nacks, but gourmet treats and locally designed clothing. Very expensive but it was nice not to find a gift shop full of snow-globes!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No hot water -- Dont stay here! -- No hot water in our room;-- Promised a king size bed, got two double beds;-- Staff was rude and indifferent;-- Loud music in banquet hall above my room. The bed was vibrating from the noise;-- Scheduled to stay for 7 days, stayed for three because I could not switch sooner.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Puerto Rico, not the hotel Interesting decor, fairly clean. Front desk staff were not very helpful. I booked a room with 2 double beds, but all they had were rooms with one king bed (unless I wanted to stay in an unrenovated, dirty room). The first room I stayed in was above the dance club, with loud music, as well as right next to a very loud elevator. I was switched to another room, where I heard everything going on in the next room. The pool didn't have any view. There was no beach.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bethannsd
<Content>Interesting mix but overall fine hotel I read many reviews about the Normandie prior to making the reservation, as we were hesitant to stay there with the bad reviews. We were there for a conference at the Caribe Hilton, which is directly next door, and they were sold out. We made reservations with Karla Santiago, who was very helpful and courteous. I called several times prior to our trip to make sure we would have a room (a problem for previous guests per the reviews) as we had booked a jr suite with a king bed. When we arrived, the lobby and hotel appearance was very nice and clean. The service at the front desk was nice and we were told we were upgraded to the 7th floor executive room area. It had a beautiful view but had 2 double beds...which was not what we asked for. The hotel was full and we could not change rooms. The beds were VERY comfy, FYI. The line 1 on the telephone did not work nor did the internet, which is supposed to be free at the hotel. We asked and asked for it to be fixed and the hotel just could not figure it out and our entire week we did not have service. That was disappointing. We rented a car for one day and parked at the hotel for one day only. When we checked out we were billed for 4 days of parking, which was promptly removed by the front desk. Andrew, the concierge/bellman was very helpful and pleasant, and we had a nice stay, other than the bed and internet. The pool is fine and not too small, as others have complained about. The beach is very small, but the Hilton Beach is a 30 second walk away and every one uses it. We had no noise issues that others complained about, but if we were on a lower floor we would have, as the lobby is in the middle of the hotel and completely open and noise is abundant down there at night. The 6th floor has ball rooms and had a large wedding Saturday night, but the noise quieted by 1130 PM, and was no big deal. Initially our room had no hot water, but the maintence man was there in minutes to fix it for us. The housekeeping was good and the food in the restaurant was good, although we only had one breakfast there. Overall, I would stay at the Normadie again, but demand working internet, as that is part of their service. We were too busy to deal with it other than asking every single day for it to be fixed. We were not even offered a free dinner to compensate, which I felt was unprofessional. But the hotel was clean, nice beds, nice linens, nice view, overall good service.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thegoodlife1000
<Content>Pretty good if you have a quiet room I stayed at the Normandie for 5 nights in mid-March. First the good: The architecture is cool, the lobby bar is funky, the rooms are comfortable, the location is convenient - only a 10 minute bus ride (50 cents)into Old San Juan so even though there's not much wrt good restaurants in the area, it's really easy to go into town every night. The not so good: The first room we were given (Rm 725 - Do not accept this room!) was horribly noisy as everytime a toilet in the hotel was flushed a tank above our heads would shake the room. Also it adjoined an old noisy elevator. We were switched after 2 nights and our second room was much quieter. The service in the hotel was not particularily responsive and we had to keep on reminding the front desk about our concerns to ensure that a new room was found for us. As well, when we first arrived our room safe was locked and we had to call the front desk 6X (and wait 24 hours), before someone unlocked it for us. In spite of these problems, though, I would consider staying here again if I had to go to San Juan for something and the price was right.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Duhhbeach
<Content>Just got back from Normandie I just got back from a three night stay at the Nortmandie. I booked my room on priceline for $90/night, when I got to my room I was towards the front of the hotel (away from Ocean) but I had a peek view. When I asked for an ocean view the very polite bellman checked on a oceanview and he said Hotel was booked for fashion Show. Overall, the hotel was fine, the bed was great like everyone said and the maid service was pretty good too except the bathroom floor could have been cleaned better (hair that was not mine, yuk) and the carpets were due for a cleaning. I ate bfast down in the restaurant and had a wonderful surprise, the food is great and the presentation was very nice the lady who waited on me was very friendly and attentive. The front desk was great, I did not see anything unfriendly or unprofessional as some older posts indicated. Would I stay there again? Yes, but hopefully in an ocean view room. Dont go there for the beach, you will be greatly disappointed. The location was pretty good, I walked to and from Old San Juan and its further away than it looks and next time I would take the bus for 50 cents.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>biberbunch
<Content>We thought it was OK A group of four girls made this once in a lifetime trip. I had booked 2 rooms on line. We checked in before the crowd (?), but had to plead for ocean front rooms. We got the LAST (?) ones. Unfortunately, we also had to sleep on king size beds, rather than the 2 separate ones. I can't say the hotel ever seemed full, though. The rooms seemed overpriced, but still on the cheaper end of hotels on that strip.Beds  pillows were fabulous. We did have great housekeeping, and even the sheets were changed every night. (I had dropped a makeup brush one morning, and left a small inconspicous stain. I was pleasantly surprised to come back that evening to find the sheets were fresh.) We stayed on the 3rd floor, overlooking the parking lot and the beach area. I also believe that being so far from the club, we weren't bothered by too much noise. Very disappointed to find out there are no balconies! Photos misled us. You can prop open a little condensation saturated window to feel the breeze on your face. We did have forceful water pressure in the showers (hot), and yes, the toilets took longer to flush-- but what's a few more seconds?? For the little time we spent in the rooms, no one complained, except for no ocean front balconies.Beach is more like a lagoon. Public beach is within walking distance, and it was super. Hilton is next door, so we would walk there for the gift shops, restaurants, Starbucks. We never ate at the Normandie. We even booked our excursions from there.Normandie is the last hotel before Old San Juan. I liked the proximity. You can walk to OSJ, but it is farther than it looks! The 4 of us are quiet, so we enjoyed the quiet location and the family oriented public beach. We used taxis to travel, and that adds up. Those looking to be in the heart of the action (more clubs, casinos, restaurants, etc.) may consider looking a little further east into the Condado. Boring people like us, would probably be satisfied. :-)I'd consider staying here again- with friends. Would not stay here if I were bringing the husband and kids. Not as family friendly.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>phillyTD
<Content>Good Experience       View from Balcony of Hilton Caribe  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CTdesigner
<Content>This was not a welcoming hotel Without totally ripping the place, I liked the location and the elegance of the structure itself. To the reviewer below: I couldn't have said it any better. Considering that we could have stayed at any hotel, they really tried to advocate that they were doing us a favor. We had prepaid for our room but the Normandie tried to cancel our reservation while we were in transit. They actually made up a story. Catching them in a lie when we arrived, they gave us our room. They admitted to being over-booked however there was no appology or consolation for thier actions. I think we probably did get lucky because we arrived before the rush of guests. Being well-dressed may have helped, who knows?Our room was indeed small but had the vacant fridge which was convenient. I have to say our bed was outstanding. Pleasantly soft with comfortable linens. The room itself was clean and all the general amenities were in place. Others note that this is a noisy hotel but I'm a light sleeper and heard nothing. I have my doubts if they were truthful about being sold out. People who surf: I ended up leaving quiver home because of bad winds but this hotel is right next to Escambron Park. There is also a surf shop across the street called La-8 surfshop as in the 8th bus stop. Convenient if you are travelling with your G/F who doesn't surf and would rather shop. Had the surf delivered, I would have been happy with being in short walking distance to the break, the surfshop and the hotel.I think the building itself is 4 stars but the human content needs reconsidering. We remained cool and understanding throughout our stay and did our best to put the desk problmes behind us but it was very stressful after having dealt with this situation and feeling unwanted. This hotel exercises classic arrogance with limited service and lack-luster hospitality. This is unfortunate because I'm sure its either just a few bad apples spoiling the bunch or poor management making the help look bad. Puerto Ricans are known for being very friendly, accomodating and hard-working people so I'm not sure what looms over the Normandie.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Room at the Inn We booked and paid for our room at the Normandie months before we were due to cruise from San Juan. Upon arrival we were informed that they had no room for us and they had made other arrangements at a comparable hotel. Despite our protests, four of us were loaded in a taxi and taken to another hotel. After a really long day of travel we were grateful to have a place to sleep. However, the replacement hotel was just terrible. The manager of the Normandie told us to call him if we were not happy with the arrangements. We tried to call him several times, but he refused to come to the phone. Our cruise got off to a miserable start because of this unscrupulous hotel.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Maryland20855
<Content>Nice Building, No Services Stayed at the Normandie for 6 nights with a group. The building is very attractive (we are art deco fans), and the room was good-sized. However, this hotel offers no services whatsoever. The room was never vacuumed, barely cleaned, and the towels are thin, threadbare and skimpy. Days Inn caliber. The tub leaked, and the toilet was dirty. They never replaced the in-room coffee. One nice feature is a small refrigerator in each room...but there are only a couple of mini-markets within walking distance to buy anything edible. The hotel has no vending machines and no gift shop, so you can't even get water or a soda on the premises. As for the service - very poor. We asked for a room on a high floor and were given the 2nd floor, though others in the group were on the 6th floor. Heard every word said by people in the adjoining room. The pool was nice but cold. The beach is a joke. My advice - stay in the Condado, and avoid this place until they get some management that cares about service.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>samuelfp
<Content>Great room, beach and pool not so hot Whether you'll like this hotel depends on what you value in a hotel and a little bit of luck. Our room was excellent...very large with a main room with the bed and TV, a second smaller room with a desk, and third small room with a chase lounge. The decor was modern and everything was clean.However, the toilet didn't work properly (had to hold the handle down for 5-10 seconds to make it flush) and the shower was never hot. Over the four days we were there it varied from very warm to room temperature. Also, when we first arrived the power was out in the hotel. It seems they have their own generators rather than getting power from the grid and, from reading other reviews it seems this is not the first time this happened.We were at the far end of the hotel, away from the N Lounge so we didn't have any problems with noise, but we could see how if you got a room nearby that would be a major headache.The pool area was ok. It felt very urban though, with lots of concrete and not many trees. The beach area was a definite negative. If you want to stay at a hotel with nice beach access don't pick this one. If you do stay here you can just walk over to the Hilton Caribe next door and use their beach access.Service was OK. One one occassion the concierge was happy to call to make a restaurant reservation for us. Another time when we asked if he knew if a particular restaurant was open on a Monday night he said I think so rather than offering to call...it turned out to be closed.From what I've read it seems like the rooms here are nicer than those at the Hilton Caribe or El San Juan, but the beach and pool area is definitely sub-par. Where you decide to stay depends on what you value most.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It is just a gamble I went with wife and a 1 year old baby. First they sent us to a smokers room. Not good. They changed us to a non smokers room/floor. Though, our neighbours smoked -despite that they were not allowed- and we could smell all their smoke. I guess if you go to party in San Juan that is not a bad place to go. It was too noisy for us. Too irregular. We came to relax but none of it we got. We moved the Hilton across the street. There was a sense of lack of organization, a bit unsafe...hmmm So it s OK but some problmes.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was nervous....Was surprised...WAS PERFECT!             My GF enjoying  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>loubetti
<Content>Normandie- Keeps getting better!       Pool area  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>agia
<Content>Nostalgic But Uncomfortable Hotel This is an old hotel with some recent cosmetic renovation. Unfortunately the renovation is deterioating rather fast.I stayed at this hotel for a conference and it was ok for the meeting but I would have been terribly unhappy if I was there for a vacation.First the hotel does not have the resort amenities like a pool bar or service. The tiny restaurant is not owned by the hotel and was empty the 6 nights I was there. Can't see it lasting much longer.Whenever the people in the room next to me flushed the toilet it was like the sound of a torpedo being fired. The elevators are slow. There is that old building musty smell. The airconditoner is very noisy and will keep you up at night.This hotel gets mostly locals and cruise ship budget passengers. These usually are not looking for amenities. Or they go next door to the Hilton like I did every night.Don't pay for the petite suite like I did. It is a weird configuration where you go into a tiny side room to get your ocean view. From your bed you have no view and no sunlight.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Awful My new husband and I booked our trip through expedia, and for the last leg of our honeymoon, had reserved a junior suite at the Normandie . Upon arrival, the front desk told us they had no junior suites available, and put us in a superior room, with a dirty, stained carpet, no views, and a large, loud, some sort of fan unit below our tiny windows, which the only way to see out of was to open, which they ask you not to do. Even the coffeemaker still had coffee in it from the previous guest!We were really upset, and called expedia. Expedia called the hotel, and told us that the hotel had agreed to put us in a master suite for one night, and move us to a junior suite the next day when one became available. After hanging up with expedia, the hotel called us and informed us that suddenly, convieniently, they had a junior suite available. Our room this time was clean, but we got different sized towels every day, and only once were they comfortably large. We still had no views of anything nice to look at and the same problems with the windows, and I was awakened one morning by the sound of people having an argument in the next room, since the walls are so thin.Don't be fooled... the beach was a dirty strip of sand, with lots of debris floating in the water. We wound up walking to the local city beach, about a ten minute walk away.The pool area seemed nice enough, but the water was freezing, and there is no hot tub to warm up in, so we passed.The food at the restaurant in the lobby is delicious, and the wait staff was wonderful and very attentive. However, room service is terrible, and takes forever.We would never stay in this hotel again, and would warn others, that under the skin of this lovely-to-look-at hotel, is almost nothing good, which is truly a shame.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent for the price We paid $97/night for this place through Hotwire. Was a bit disturbed by the numerous bad reviews and steeled myself for something horrible. Turned out to be a pretty good place.The room was lovely, spacious, airy, we had a partial ocean view. My boyfriend didn't care for the art deco but I found it charming. He was amused by the ocean liner theme. Comfortable bed, great shower (hot and high pressure). Free Internet tho it took them a couple hours to get us a hookup after we called and asked why it wasn't working. Didn't take advantage of any of the hotel ameneties, preferring to walk across the street to the Subway and the little local cuisine place, there's a liquor store there where I got cheaper beer too. (Interesting note - it's apparently illegal to walk around with an open container in PR, which is why if you buy a beer and ask to have it opened, they'll almost always pour it into a cup, tho a couple times I walked by police while drinking beer from a cup and nothing was said to me).Anyhow. The people in the most part were amiable, doors would be opened for me, etc. Yes the location is out of the way but this is good! Given that PR is such a noisy late-night city and there is a bus stop very close to the hotel. Tried to get a key to the workout room but was told it was being renovated (didn't investigate to find out more).There was visible wear, chipped tile in the bathroom, water stained ceiling partitions; this really didn't bother us.We did have noise problems, it was more of a reverberation in the wall and if I walked out into the hallway, it wasn't as loud! The only thing I could figure was we were directly above the club and the noise was coming up through the wall. Another night there was a noisy party but both times the noise didn't last too terribly late, midnightish or so.For $97/night I thought it was an excellent value (by PR standards). Really nice place to hang around for a couple days pre-cruise.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NYCtraveler13
<Content>Do NOT stay here if you plan to sleep before 1 AM The rooms were fine, but the service at this hotel was TERRIBLE. We arrived very late to find that there was no crib available for our 1 year old baby, despite assurances over the phone prior to our arrival that there would be one set up in our room when we checked in. We ended up having to put her on a mattress on the floor - not only was the crib not ready, but there wasn't even one accessible!! It took them until noon the next day to come up with one. Then two days later, there was a party on the floor below us that was SO loud that the walls and floor of our room were shaking. It lasted from 9 PM - 1 AM, and despite many many complaints to the staff the volume was not turned down NOR were we offered any compensation for this unacceptable problem. Also, the beach is basically nonexistent, and the location is not good either. Stay at the Caribe Hilton next door for better beach and service, or stay in Condado or Isla Verde. Definitely not worth your $$ to stay at the Normandie, it just added undue stress to our vacation.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Service Mars Overall Experience Stayed at Normandie for 4 nights between Christmas and New Year's. Pros were: well-decorated, modern, clean, and spacious room. People were generally friendly. Convenient location between Old San Juan and Condado - $10 cab ride to either area. Sleek, modern philippe stark wannabe. Quiet during the day.Cons were: noisy (thin walls. we were woken by noise of other guests / music from banquet room on 2 of 4 nights), unresponsive/indifferent service (e.g. were not given breakfast tickets and it took a couple of requests and a few hours before they brought us any; asked for help finding rental car and concierge promised to call back but never did despite 2 requests, concierge desk overall of little value), very slow lines at front desk (one person manning it usually, or two with one person just standing there) - led to waits even to get the key to the treadmill in the fitness room (why they make you sign in for it at the front desk on another floor on other end of hotel is beyond me). Tiny fitness center with bad antiseptic smell. Also (pet peeve) no pay-per-view movies despite nice TV and CD player in the room. Other rooms looked sort of dark (we had 7th/top floor room). Overall, not a bad value. We paid $180 per night during high season, and given it was our first visit to San Juan we got to check out most areas from this central location. Pool and beach area are dumpy, but guests often use Hilton beach area next door since all beaches are by law public.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>pman94
<Content>What a Joke Stayed one night post cruise. Thought it was not such a bad place until we awoke Sunday Morning to no power and no water. Evey where else in the vicinty had both power and water. Management was not helpful; would not give us any information and the bell hops did not want to help with our luggage. (Seven floors down without an Elevator). No discount was given and they were actually charging full price for a continetal breakfast. (havent figured out how they brewed the coffee) They were not willing to give any sort of compensation for us not having full use of their facilities. (I flew back to the US quite smelly after no shower.) All I can say is stick with a name brand hotel I dont think we would have had this problem at the Sheraton or Hilton  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great hotel! My husband and I booked the Normandie based on a description of the hotel. The price and proximity to the cruise ships was very appealing. It definitely lived up to the description - very art deco. We had originally booked a king room, when our married daughter and her husband decided to go too we called the Normandie to switch to 2 doubles. The hotel was very accommodating. The room was VERY clean and the service was excellent when we requested extra towels. Though the hotel was very busy, the towels were delivered quickly. We would definitely stay at the Normandie again if given the opportunity. Though we didn't go to the beach, as described it is within walking distance of the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kpolz
<Content>What a surprise!       the sitting area in our room  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Steal!!!!!!! Compared to the congestion, noise, cheeseball tourists and double rates at the Caribe Hilton and the San Juan Hotel, this place is great! Centrally located, friendly staff, and quiet rooms. If you want to eat, you can walk next door to the Hilton and use them for their restaurants, then walk across the street for ice cream. FREE internet service ands a great pool.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jquebby
<Content>Luxury stay for budget price       the hotel lobby  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfection! Likewise, I was dubious about the Normandie after seeing some mixed reviews, but all that dissapated once we arrived. The staff was extremely helpful and catered to our every need. The interior of the hotel was gorgeous as well and felt like an incarnation of the W. We didn't have a chance to check out the pool or spa, but our room was two doors away from the N Lounge. Surprisingly, there was almost no noise bleed from it and it didn't bother us at all. The lounge itself is top notch, decorated in white tile with soft blue lighting. Expect to hear solid house tunes all night long.The number one compliment I have is with the staff. Every day we consulted them with where to go and how to get there. They gave great reccomendations, were jovial, and went out of their way when they could.Great atmosphere, wonderful chic rooms (which we got for $100 a night on Hotwire!), and friendly staff. A+ all around! We will definitely be coming back.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TAINOSABIONYC
<Content>Super! Que viva el normandie! The Normandie was fantastic. When we checked in we were given the junior suite for the price of a regular room and were suprised of the size! I had a beautiful view of the ocean and a very spacious room. It is near old san juan, walkable in fact - and the staff are nice, friendly and rather helpful. As a New Yorker and in a city full of great hotels, I was skeptical of the rating. But it reminded me of the soho grand and the W chain hotels, but for a bagrin. So go, enjoy and have a drink in the outside bar! Que Viva!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Refunds The conference I was to attend at this hotel was cancelled Tooling Docs Nov 8/9 05. You will not get a refund from this hotel. So I am out US $477.03. This place SUCKS. Advise EVERYBODY to stay away from this money pit. Walter  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the art deco... After returning from a cruise, we booked one night in the Normandie Hotel in San Juan. After reading some of the reviews, we weren't too sure what to expect. However, we were delighted. I had exchanged several emails with the manager prior to our visit and they certainly took good care of us. We had a beautiful room. It has been decorated in Art Deco in keeping with the origins of the hotel. The room was quite large, including a desk with internet hookups, etc. It is an old hotel but they have done a great job of making it modern without ruining the art deco look. We even had a sitting room with a couch and chairs. The lobby is beautiful also. We only had lunch there but it was well prepared. We would stay there again..it was just plan fun and funky!...Loved it!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fara821
<Content>Disappointed at the Normandie I've only written a few posts on this site, but our experience at the Normandie was so disappointing, I feel compelled to share this with any of you who are considering a stay here.The hotel looks very lovely inside. Nice color scheme - very classic and streamlined. The bellboys (men)? were all very kind. However, the front desk was awful. The service was slow which is understandable but they were disorganized and bumbled through our check-in and our baggage took 45 minutes to arrive to our room. NOT okay when the front desk manager assured us we'll send them up right away. I'm sorry - I don't care where you're from, but 45 minutes is NOT right away.Our room was spacious but smelled like fresh paint and mildew. I found a few hairs on our bathroom floor. There weren't enough towels. And, to top it all off, our bathroom sink didn't work.Hopefully, our experiences were the exception and if you decide to stay at the Normandie, you'll have a good one!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roadwarrior30
<Content>From what I saw great ! I did not stay here (I was next door at the Caribe dump Hilton). On a W theme, this is a high style hotel with the interior like a ship (hence the name). I did an extensive walk around and spoke with the staff, who were all friendly. The hotel is coming up to speed and hence it didn't appear overly business. I noted the hotel was quite clean, cool bar area. As others have noted fitness center is tiny and smallish pool and no beach area. This is clearly a hotel for those simply passing thru or doing business in the area. As well, other than the Hilton, there are no restaurants within easy walking distance. Disspite that, on my next trip to down will definitely consider this.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasantly surprised After Tres Palmas lost our reservation one week before arrival, we quickly looked into the Normandie. On arrival, we were pleasantly surprised! Beautiful Art Deco decor at a historic hotel. It isn't the Ritz but then again, the price reflects that. We loved the whole hotel experience and the pool as well. Staff was very very friendly and offered great advice for two single woman walking around! Would definitely recommend it for our traveling friends.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Three Cheers to the Normandie! I've never written a review before, but my great stay at the Normandie is worth sharing...I travel to PR a lot for business and know that the Normandie is one of the most historic and architecturally-distinctive (art deco) properties on the Island. After a period of disrepair, another period of a really bad renovation (horrible dark colors), the hotel has finally gotten it right (with its current new owners/management). The hotel is light and airy, with beautiful art deco decor and all the modern amenities you'd want in a boutique hotel. I ended up staying here because my reservation was lost at the Sheraton Old San Juan (stay away from there, this is the second time they pulled that on me so they clearly just don't want my business as a frequent business traveler to the Island).Anyway, the staff at the Normandie welcomed me late at night with a room upgrade and complimentary breakfast for my troubles (which were caused by the other hotel). The welcoming, attentive and helpful staff really seem to care about guest needs (i.e., explaining Internet set-up, approaching me at check out to see if I need a cab, offering a to-go cup for my coffee at breakfast when my meeting plans changed and I had to run off, etc.). My room was oversized, with a big desk and free wi-fi service so that I could work easily -- all the while overlooking the ocean (gorgeous sunrise view!). As a boutique property, they seem to be serving the needs of visitors well. 24 hour food service (good, though basic), a cocktail lounge, (tiny) fitness center and beautifully redone pool area (also art deco). Not much of a beach, and to be honest, you've got to take a cab to Old San Juan and other area attractions/nightlife/casinos, etc. But if you're in PR for business or just passing through to head out on a cruise, etc. this is a perfect place to stay (the hotel is shaped like a ship!). Loved it and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unique beauty! Great consierge staff! Okay, so my husband and I are not the types who crave luxury but we were so spoiled by this place, and for a reasonable rate, that we may have lost our ability to accept good enough hotels for the same price. The architecture is unique, the color scheme and design are very soothing, cool colors with classic art deco furniture. Lots of great lighting. The rooms are huge: a medium-sized area with a phone, large bedroom and a smaller cozy sitting area with a love seat for a closer view of the ocean. The front desk were terrific and made every effort to accomodate us in so many ways. They even let us check-in and out based on our needs. So the downsides are, there are some very young staff in the lounge area who are slow and casual about providing service--but there is a very energetic and generous 30?-something bartender who gave us wonderfully stiff, larger than average, drinks and genuine hospitality. Also, if you need to workout, expect to swim or run along the ocean, the work-out area is aniquated and rusty. But they are in the process of renovating it so maybe in the next year it will be up and running. I love this place. --Boston couple  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! I stayed in a Jr. Suite from June 29-July 2 of 2005 with a friend. We were equally struck by the beauty of the hotel lobby area and we were hoping that the rooms were similarly fashionable. The room exceeded our expectations. It was something straight out of a West Elm catalog. Very complimentary cool colors (white, taupe, seafoam), two comfortable beds, a small dressing room or entertainment area with a couch and two ottomans that could double as tables, and a desk sitting area. Four rooms including the bathroom! Beautiful! Well cleaned everyday (even though the cleaning lady came a bit early in the morning for us, 9:30am). There are no negatives about the room or our stay. The N Lounge was hopping on Friday and Saturday night. Even though we stayed on the same floor as the lounge, we could hear nothing! This is the sign of a well constructed building. I intend to stay here again on my next visit. Oh! If you are not impressed by the smallish strip of beach behind hotel, feel free to use any of the other hotels' beach space. The Caribe Hotel next door may hassle you, but legally (and I verified this with a Puerto Rican attorney) all beaches in Puerto Rico are public spaces! This hotel is a must stay if you want cool elegance, outstanding professional service, and a beautiful space!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Canefan
<Content>Perfect 4 me!!!! The Normandie Hotel was an excellent choice for me. This hotel seems to be suited more for adults or the business traveler. By that I mean, not a lot of kids running all over the place like the Caribe next door or the Wyndam Condado. There was still some minor renovations going on in the lobby, however this didn't bother me at all. Ignore the negative reviews, I didn't experience any of that. I highly recommend this hotel,and I look forward to coming back in Jan  Jun 2006.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall Satisfied My friend and I spent Memorial Day weekend at the Normandie and enjoyed our stay very much. The staff was warm, friendly and accommodating. We took the public bus (only 25c) into old San Juan and to Isle Verde during the day. At night we would take cabs, but found we were very centrally located to pretty much everything. The beach at the Normandie was less than par so we used the beach next door at the Caribe. There is a Subway sandwhich shop, a Morton steakhouse and a convenience market all within walking distance. They just opened a lounge on the second floor that was popular at night but mostly we went elsewhere for nightlife. The spa was clean and affordable. The pool area was small, but clean and quite. Our room had a stereo system, satellite TV, a mini fridge and the bed was better than most hotel beds you get these days. Overall a pleasant experience and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly adequate I saw some terrible reviews of this hotel after booking the trip and was terrified of what I would find. Turns out the hotel was beautiful, if a little boring. The hotel has only one restaurant that seems very nice, but is fairly expensive. The atrium is gorgeous, but is usually empty. The rooms were very comfy and nicely decorated. The only thing really lacking at this hotel is a nice pool. The pool is fairly small and not very interesting. It looked like there was a poolside bar, but I don't think it was open for business. Honestly, we spent most of our time at the pool at the Hilton Caribe next door, as was recommended in other reviews. This, by the way, is not something the Hilton welcomes, and they've started checking room keys at the pool. Do not book here if you want a beachfront hotel. There is NO beach here. Otherwise, the location was pretty convenient. It's close to Old San Juan, and also close to the Condado beach area. There's a Subway right across the street, but otherwise no restaurants within walking distance except for a (wonderful) little hole-in-the-wall local cafe with home-cooked breakfast, lunch and dinner for almost nothing frequented mostly by construction workers and landscapers from the Hilton. My kind of place, but not for most tourists, I'm sure.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel nightmare 2005- 2005 and still under construction- still an awful mildew smell- service what service??? The Normandy hotel has an eerie feeling. My husband broke his toe going into the bathroom because the step to the bathroom is an abnormal elvation that construction was never finished with no warning. When reported to the hotel management they never responded. There was a shortage of towels in the room. There were broken lights in the hallway and the only ice machine was on the 5th floor which was under construction and was not a safe place you had to walk through all the construction to get to the ice machine. Finally check out day comes when we checked in we prepaid the bill in full- and check out day they tried to double the bill.I disputed the c harges and finally they told us to leave. Not a vacation but a nightmare ---oh and the so call continental breakfast there is no buffet -beware dont stay there.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>faimui
<Content>Bad choice...never again!! It looks pretty on the outside, but inside it another story. Hallway has bad odor smell. Carpets are soiled  stained. The elevators are extremely small and very old, it take forever for one to come. Refrigerator was not cold at all. Staff was rude  accommodations were terrible. One night when taking a shower, I noticed there only hot water. Called down to Front Desk, only to be told that some rooms?water pipes were out and the only thing that they can provide was hot water. No apology, just said if we wanted we can change room. So we did, but to find out this one only had cold water and was much dirty than the one before. So we change room again?.twice in the middle of one night. Didn get everything resolve till 2am in the MORNING! Next day when we are checking out, the rate quoted was not the rate we got. I was told by one of the staffs to go email him the copy of my confirmation. Obviously like everything else that goes wrong in the hotel, their internet doesn work either. After attempting to connect to my email several times through their computer with no luck, I asked the staff for help, only to be stared at and be told that every computer in their office is like that. They just stand there looking at you as if you didn know what you were doing or that you were lying. So I was force to go over to the Hilton hotel to print out the confirmation with the rate. I asked the staff for a survey form and was told they don have it. I was  hour late returning my rented car and getting to the airport!Btw, I was told by one staff that they are completed with their renovation except the 5th floor. We stayed on the 7th floor. If that what they call finish. Don even consider going there. Carpets are disgusting and Staffs are unprofessional and nasty.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Normandie Was Charming! We had already booked at the Normandie back in December for spring break 2005 - then saw some negative reviews so was nervous. It was unfounded. It was like stepping back into another era. The staff was very efficient and courteous - the only trouble we had was with renting a vehicle big enough to carry our brood (14 in all!) - but it was handled. They did their best to accomodate our big crowd. We ate breakfast there twice - was very nicely presented, although portions were on the small side. The pool was nicely kept with towels on hand. Their beach wasn't desirable at all, but the public beach within walking distance was gorgeous (not the one by the Caribe - other direction!) - spent one day there just vegging. It is quiet there - the renovations are 99% complete, so you need to go elsewhere for the nightlife. I thought the room was more than adequate - we had a junior suite for three people - we didn't trip over each other - and I've stayed in some places that were no bigger than a broom closet! Old San Juan is easily accessible and it's close to the airport. The only thing I would change about it's location is that there be more restaurant choices within walking distance. We ate a lot of Subway that week! Amazing view of the ocean, especially in the a.m. I'd stay there again, although next time I travel to PR, I intend to spend more time on the Caribbean side of the island. A most enjoyable trip overall!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Art Deco Hotel  Beats most in South Beach. Lobby atrium bar and restaurant are fine, good food and service. Be sure to book a room with ocean view. Pool is great too. The little beach in the back is swimmable, protected by a jetty. The construction and refurbs are nearly complete. Great location between Condado and Old San Juan, with private parking lot.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Service - We booked this hotel through hotels. When we got there while they were busy checking in other customers, we were told they were overbooked and would place us in a hotel as nice as theirs. The hotel was supposed to be a three star hotel with a cost of $200 per night. We booked here because we wanted to be near Old San Juan and the beach. They booked us in the Best Western a two star hotel at $137.00 per night across the street from the all night grocery store.When I complained to hotels they told me there was nothing they could do about it. I assure you I wont be booking with them again, nor reserving any rooms at the Normandie  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Deal - Ignore the negative postings! Apparently, the Normandie has now completed its construction, which can obviously be disruptive and may be the source of negative reviews below, but whatever the case, my wife and I LOVED this hotel! It is a cool art deco gem and the lounge area is really inviting and stylish. Our room was immaculate and positively massive with a view of the water, the bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in and the service was quite good. We had a flat screen tv and cd player in our room and only the bathroom was (very mildly) disappointing, but only by comparison with the comfy, super-stylish look of everything else. If this hotel were in South Miami Beach, it would be $150 a night more expensive. The Normandie isn't a resort hotel with a huge pool and beach, so don't expect that, but you do nevertheless have an adequate pool and beach and those of the Caribe Hilton next door can be very easily borrowed. There is a bus stop 100 yards away that you can take into/out of Old San Juan (25 cents!) The Normandie is a hotel with lots of character and it is clearly on its way back up. Very highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>siciliano
<Content>good experience I recently stayed at the normandie, one night before leaving for a cruise. the lobby and main floor is renovated and reminds me of a art deco look. i was very surprised by this - after reading the other reviews. we had the cheapest room in the place (only paid $120/night). Our room was nothing special, they hadn't remodeled it yet. It did have a slight musty smell, but was clean. we had a view of the pool and ocean from a window. Didn't eat at any restaurant at the hotel. The hotel is quiet as stated in another review. We did have a drink in the bar area, which is very nice. We also went to use the caribe hilton beach area, it's much larger and cleaner than the normandie area. the beach by the normandie is a public beach. The pool was very clean, looks as though they just got new furniture for that area too. I would stay here again for 1-2 nights, but if your looking for alot to do at the hotel this is not the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UM54
<Content>Overall "adequate."       San Juan sunset; lighthouse at El Morro.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GranReserva
<Content>Good value and location! I spent four nights at the Normandie from 21st Jan 2005. I was a bit worried after having read mostly negative feedback. I come from aself-service society, so I don't expect 24h room service or bar service at the pool. Also you must understand that Normandie is a city hotel - not a resort.   The overall hotel prices in Puerto Rico are too high compared with the most popular holiday destinations in Europe and Asia. Even now, when the Euro trades at 1.28 against the Dollar, only shopping is very cheap in Puerto Rico if you get paid in Euros or Sterlings.Puerto Rico is not an exotic country with perfect beaches or wildlife (execpt Culebra and Vieques islands). The roads are packed with 1.9 million cars. I think that most people visit there because US citizens don't need to have Visas or to exchange foreign money. Sure PR is worth visiting but I expected to see at least as good beaches as in the Mediterranean islands, for example Menorca and Mallorca. Sure, you can't enjoy beaches in Europe in winter. San Juan and Ponce are the only built-up areas that have something to see. The best beach in the mainland was in a private, huge area called Palmas del Mar in the East Coast. Thanks to the local law, the beach is accessible for non-residents after a security check in the gate. It takes 60-90 minutes by car from the Normandie to Palmas del Mar.   I found that the High Season period outside San Juan is only a good idea from the industry to get more profit.   San Juan hotels seemed to be quite fully booked, but elsewhere it was very quiet ( I spent total 17 nights in four hotels). Even Lonely Planet recommends to book hotels well in advance. Only weekends are more busy when the Puerto Ricans head to beaches. You should negotiate the room rate from Sunday to Thursday in the countryside.  The room was spacious, bed comfort very good (not Sheraton),bathroom renovated, TV set and picture OK. However, window was small and located quite far from the bed which made the room dark. Only the 6th floor rooms had balconies. The other negative thing was that there was a thin wooden door between my and and the next room ( I was in the 5th floor). After 18 hours of travelling from home to hotel it was not fun to listen the noise behind that door. However, similar strange door was also found in the four-star el Conquistador resort hotel near Fajardo - with the same problem. During the daytime renovation in the 4th floor could sound nasty, but I did not need the room at that time of a day.   The hotel itself is very beautiful, especially interior. I felt good I did not choose more expensive hotels in Condado or Isla Verde - most of them represent the 1970's concrete style. To be fair, most of these 1970's hotels and other buildings were in good shape - even though not attractive. Isla Verde was nicer area than Condado, but too far away from the main destination- Old SJ. I have seen hundreds of nice historical towns in Europe, Old SJ beats many of them. If I had the money, I would have chosen hotel el Convento inside the Old SJ.   The location was very good. The beach in front of the hotel looked dirty, but just 300m from the hotel to Old SJ direction is a public beach, Balneario Escambron, which was perhaps the best for swimming in San Juan. (According to Lonely Planet, that beach is not recommendable - but I disagree.) Old San Juan, which is almost the only beautiful city area for evening walks in the whole island, is within 30 min walk from the hotel. Also Condado area is within walking distance (taxis are expensive).   I would like to mention the pool area, it was elegant, water was clear and clean - the size and depth of the pool was excellent for a city hotel.   I have no comments on restaurant services, the bar downstairs looked good but there was so cold inside (air condition) I preferred to stay outdoors. Service in the reception was very kind and professional, the hotel has doormen as well - quite nice for a 3-star hotel. I would have given 5/5 without the noise from the neighboring room. It should be eliminated by removing the door between the rooms and filling it with concrete. But as I said the value for money in Puerto Rico hotels is rather poor in their so-called high season. I would have stayed in a 5-star hotel in Madrid, Spain at a lower rate. Hotels, especially outside San Juan should drop their rates at least 40%. For example the Rincon Beach hotel in a remote area costs over 200$ - the parking area was almost empty every time I passed the hotel during 5 days in Rincon.   S.T. Helsinki, Finland   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average hotel for the price We stayed here thru Priceline. After reading the reviews, I was a bit worried but my fears were unfounded. There is still renovation work being done - restaurant is still closed - but it should all be done by end of February. The rooms are very large and clean. We found the staff to be extremely helpful and friendly at all times. The beach is non-existant, but the pool is nice. The Fitness Center is a joke. Don't expect to get a good workout here.The best thing about the hotel is the location. It is close to Old San Juan and has a bus stop right in front. The Caribe Hilton is next door, and has all the amenities you could hope for, including several pools, outdoor bars / cafes, restaurants, shops, even a Starbucks. No one checks to see if you are a guest, so you can pay a small price at the Normandie and enjoy all of the facilities at the Hilton. It's great!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Catguy
<Content>Will Never Come Back! I stayed here last January 21-23 because of it's location to Old San Juan and regreted it deeply. The fist day was fine, but the next morning, our table was not attended at breakfast. The waitress who has been here for quite a few years (I've been here 4 times in the past) passed by our table as if we were invisible. She attended only the tables refilling their coffee cups. After waiting like 15 minutes we got up and went to the concierge to report her attitude and all we got was the same attitude. Upset with this, we went back to our room to get our luggage (we made an early check out) and just after paying for the nights I told the receptionist about the problem to which she only responded that the waitress was Hindu and that she didn't know how these people worked. My jaw dropped open to my disbelief because of the attitude of the employess at this newely refurnished hotel. This hotel has always had problems staying afloat and now I see why. So much for the boat shaped arquitecture of this hotel; this ship is sinking once again!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>enjoyed the normandie We really enjoyed our stay at the Normandie. We were in San Juan before we went on a cruise. We really enjoyed oursleves. The hotel is old but it has alot of character. It has gone thru a great renovation recently but it looks as if it's nearing compleation. Our room was clean, newly remodeled and decorated. We ate both breakfast and dinner there and had drinks in the bar area. There is room service if you want breakfast in bed. Or dinner in your room. The staff was extreamly friendly and knowledgeable of all areas we wanted to explore. Very ready and available to help with our luggage etc. Even safely stored our luggage while we explored old san juan before it was time to board the ship. Old san juan is nearby we will stay there again next time we are in San Juan.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just ok Stayed at Normandie Hotel 1/6 and 1/7 before taking a cruise. It was ok however, nothing to brag about. I would stay here again if the rates were under $120/night and only for a day or two prior to taking a cruise. This is not a destination hotel for a vacation. It has potential but there is a lot of work that needs to be completed before my expectations would be met. Pool area small and kind of a dump.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Normandie Hotel - May want to reconsider staying there We stayed at the Hotel Normandie on January 8th. When we booked it the hotel was rated a 3 star hotel. While it is apparent that they are making updates  improvements to the hotel, it is not currently in a condition to be considered 3 star. You can tell that they are working to improve the hotel but it does have a long way to go. They have made improvements to the guest rooms  they were pretty nice. The furniture had all been replaced  our room had a flat screen TV. The bed was comfortable  the room was large. The bathroom was also large  had some recent updates. Be advised that they do NOT provide hair dryers in the bathroom. Some of the areas that need improvement: Rugs in the hallway are soiled  stained The closet in our room had a very musty odor.The elevators are extremely small  very old. They were quite dirty as well.The hotel only has one store, if you can consider it a store. It was more like a closet that was converted to a small convenience store. The hotel had a restaurant but a very limited menu. We did not eat there so can't say if the food was good. When we checked in, we were asked to sign a waiver that the hotel was not responsible for the loss of personal valuables. However when we went to our room, we found that the windows didn't even have locks on them. This was also supposed to be a beach front hotel, but when we went out to the 'beach', we found that it was about a 20 foot stretch of beach that was about 3 feet wide. Definitely not what we were expecting. Don't be fooled about the current condition of the hotel by their website. They make it seem like a great, wonderful hotel but in it's current condition, it certainly is not great  wonderful. It has potential, but it's not there yet.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hey, The Normandie Is Okay Don't be misled by all of the nasty reviews.... We sure didn't see it. We arrived on December 20th and stayed for 5 nignts. Yes, they are finishing their renovations. This was only done during work hours and it was fun to see the remodeling emerge. We had huge rooms.. Four bedrooms with 5 beds. They were huge. A kitchen and washer/dryer were also a plus. The staff was lovely. The beach area is a little stark, but just walk through the Hilton lobby next door and lounge to your heart's content. They don't mind. The Normandie has character and is a whole lot less expensive. If you want a cookie cutter chain... book a room at one.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ripped off We had stayed at this hotel before with no problems. This time,despite booking months in advance, when we arrived we were angry to find the entire interior was being gutted all day long. Concrete walls were literally being torn down at 7:00 am feet from our bed. The management was unresponsive to complaints. No discounts were offered. The hotel catered local holiday parties that kept paying hotel guests up until 1:45am and only stopped the party's loud music when guests threatened to call police!Stay away-there are plenty of other hotels around.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>MAJOR COSTRUCTION-BAD choice, DOn't Go Disgust!!! We were on our honeymoon to get on a cruise and we figured we'd start off in Puerto Rico for 2 days before setting sail. (12/2-12/4)Somehow we chose this place. A month prior to leaving, the hotel called my travel agent  advised them that they may be doing minor renovations to the hotel during our stay. They also said it could be as minor as painting a wall on the other side if the hotel- but they just wanted us to be aware. Well I thought , how bad can it be- we're only going to be there for 2 nights.Wrong Choice!!! When we got to the airport we got a taxi and told him where we were staying and he drove us to a construction site. We pulled up to this building with yellow tape and broken concrete. Needless to say we couldn't find the front door. We laughed because this couldn't possibly be open for business.The front desk acted as if this was normal- We requested a bell hop- HA! Just a minute they said. So we carried our stuff inside ourselves. The entire lobby was taped off towards the elevators. There was sawdust all over the place and footprints in the carpets from the sheetrock. I just couldn't stop laughing and thought- well let's see our room. Honestly, the room was decent in size. But just outside our door was the lobby which was busted up. It was a major worksite with plastic everywhere. They handed us a letter upon check-in which read- Construction will begin at 9AM-6PM Who wants to wake up  hear that all day!!They really need to be CLOSED during renovations. I think it's a HEALTH HAZARD or something.Ya know- Honeymoon or not- we had to get out of there. Thankfully they gave us a full refund- But not before they asked us if we would prefer to have an oceanview room. For goodness sake, don't you think thay should've at least given every guest an oceanview without question.We called our travel agent and we were out of there within the hour.We ended up at The Water Club which was AMAZING!!! So glad we ended up leaving. We paid a little more, but well worth it. We turned a negative situation into a positive experience.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel! Our December experience at the Park Plaza Normandie was as simple as: (1) We had a three room 'suite.' One room had nothing in it at all, and one room only had a desk and no other furniture. The remaining room had the bed, TV unit and clothes rack. (2) Painting was constant and so the paint smells were everpresent. (3) For a suite, we had one very tiny trashcan in the bathroom. (4) On check-in we had to sign a statement that acknowedged that the hotel was not responsible for theft/loss of valuable/personal property. We could not use the room safe since we had an old safe, and they could only find the key for the new room safe, which has yet to be installed. So, as an alternative they offered to hold our valuables in a safe at the desk. When we went to do that we were surprised to watch them take our valuables, put them in a brown paper envelope and leave them in a drawer at the counter labeled: guest packages. (5) The elevators worked sometimes, sometimes they did not. (6) The electricity would cut off for a while every night, and a very LOUD generator would cut on right outside of our room, waking us up. We got used to the room clock flashing all of the time and finally stopped resetting the time. For the price we paid, there was no value in this hotel at all! I would have rather saved the money and slept in the car, rather than have paid them what they charged for a room and get this sort of unpleasant experience. We won't be back.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Voudre
<Content>Blah...plus terrible service The only thing this big hotel has going for it is its unusual, whimsicalarchitecture - shaped like a grand ship of 'yore, The Normandie. Once inside I felt I had entered the halls of a local public hospital. It had a lackluster cement/tile interior with poor lighting, uneven flooring  all I can remember was the grayness of it all. Running along the circumfrence of the ground flr was a photo exhibit of the original owner of this hotel and his indulgent, ex-showgirl French wife-they were jet setters. These were photos from the 30-40's in tribute to them. Being Puerto Rican, knowing about Puerto Rican culture, values and society, I cringed at this little exhibit. As for my room, it was clean but also as spare as can be, dark and musty. No carpet. All sounds from the hall echoed in. The staff : the worst I've ever experienced in a Puerto Rico hotel. Front desk : RUDE. Impersonal . Totally preoccupied with socializing with each other rather than servicing the customers. What are THESE people doing working in the service industry?? I had a tepid warm breakfast buffet the next morning  checked out after one night. I absolutely, unequivocally, do NOT recommend you stay here. If you cant' find a room in any of the other big hotels in the San Juan/ Condado area, stay at any of the numerous smaller hotels, inns  guesthouses - there are many charming,friendly, small lodgings in the area - check out the WEPA! Website for listings  check reviews. The ones on this site are reliable.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LTIRRELL1
<Content>Run away as fast as you can!!! From the outside, this hotel is beautiful, however, once you check in, if you can get the staff to stop chatting long enough to get your room key, its a whole other story. The hotel was probably quite remarkable when it was built, but the rooms had a strong mildew small, the only good things about the room were the shower water pressure and the fact that we could see the ocean, once you overlooked the parking lot and laundry facility. Stay away from the Fri night seafood buffet - what a waste! The beach is public, small, and dirty. The pool is nice, but there is no where to lay by the pool, so have fun trying to watch your kids. There are no other places to eat, except the Hilton nextdoor. They have a great breakfast buffet - go there! As a matter of fact stay there or the Marriott. Both are great hotels, especially liked the Marriott. Would never set foot in the Normadie again, let alone sleep there!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Experience The hotel was under construction when we stayed so it was very dirty and unattractive. We booked a king bed, but received two doubles to our disappointment. We were told there were no kings available. The room was not very clean and we didn't want to take off our shoes. There was mold on the walls of the bedroom and bathroom. The only good thing was that we left the hotel at 10PM for a better one and were issued a complete refund.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ho Hum Normandie Spent 7 nights. Hotel is old, decor much out dated. Renovations ongoing and very little parking for hotel guests because of construction crew. Parking is $10 per night! Room was not cleaned one day due to our sleeping in, and we constantly had to ask for clean coffee cups and/or drinking glasses. Staff was friendly and helpful. Pool is large and clean and was never crowded. Beach leaves much to be desired However, Hilton next door is absolutely beautiful and they do not seem to mind sharing their beach and pool. The only available food is in the bar. It is average and overpriced. There is a hole-in-the-wall cafe' across the street with cheap, good food morning, noon and night.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the hotel is under construction Took a trip to Puerto Rico via Expedia. I called theweekend of hurricane jeanne. I was told they had no trouble. When I arrived there was no electricity or running water. I could undersand ifthese were the only problems due to the hurricane, but; nobody mentioned that the hotel was under construction. We were woken up by jack hammersthe 2 mornings there. The pictures taken to getyou to go are fake. I took pictures of the sameviews showing on the hotel site and mine showconstruction work being done. I was told at thehotel it would be under construction for about another 4 months.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, for less than $100/day (if possible) My boyfriend and I spend Labor Day weekend in PR for his birthday. We had a great time overall. The hotel has a great location (btwn) Old San Juan and Condado areas. No street parking so prepare to pay $10/day for parking. Hotel itself was decent , however the room was often damp with moisture, plain, but really nice-sized room. The hotel staff was very helpful and accomodating. The pool area was okay. Scenic view of surrounding beach and structures, perfect for an evening stroll. Overall, our hotel stay was okay, no Ritz-Carlton, but decent for a cheap get away. I guess the key here is not paying too much for a room, or you may be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT RETRO HOTEL--STAFF WONDERFUL! I won this hotel stay from SKYAUCTION  was a bit skeptical when I read some of the less than complimentary reviews. However, I found the hotel to be in a wonderful geographic location--a quick, safe  somewhat entertaining bus ride away from the OLD TOWN of SAN JUAN. The hotel is a wonderful ART DECO-RETRO HOTEL that is currently under rennovation so some of the surrounding are dated yet clean. But, none the less a wonderful place to stay. The rooms are huge  consist of a living room, bedroon, office  a good sized bathroom with plenty of hot water. I LOVED THE FUN GEOMETRIC SHAPE--LIKE A SHIP-- the beach area behind the hotel, although nothing much to speak of, I did find it easy to use the Caribe Hilton beach area (and pool for that matter)  no one every said a word. I found the staff wonderful, friendly  very accomodating. I loved this wonderful, unique  charming hotel  plan to return often when my travel plans find me in San Juan. TO THOSE THAT COMPLAINED, NO IT IS NOT LIKE A LARGE CHAIN HOTEL, BUT IF THAT IS WHAT YOU WANT THEN WHY LEAVE HOME IN THE FIRST PLACE! I GIVE IT A++++++.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Items were stolen The hotel itself was an Ok hotel. Being someone who travels a lot and having been born on a caribbean island I probably have a lot more to compare to than the other reviewers. That said. Let me give the positives:1. The room is very big.2. The hotel is very close to a large beachTHe negatives:1. The private beach is a tiny cubbyhole very bad, not much space bad sand ... I dont think anyone used it.2. The beaches nearby not that nice. But again. I'm from Jamaica and these beaches might be nice to the typical american tourist. If you want a nice beach I would recommend Jamaica, barbadoes, trinidad, dominican republic and st lucia .. all that have MUCH CHEAPER hotels3. Breakfast not included even though the hotel is so very expensive4. Room was very damp5. HOUSEKEEPING STOLE MY CLOTHING AND CAMERA6. Their security staff was very unconcerned that my items were stolen, have hung up the phone on me when I call to ask about the status of my things and in general are unresponsive.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYgirl7
<Content>it was okay.... This hotel was decent. the rooms were large and spacious. Don't go there if you want a lot of extras The pool was nice (my husband and I were the only ones using it!). But DO NOT plan to use their beachfront. It's a tiny, dirty patch of sand. This hotel is set apart a little bit from restaurants and other hotels. you should probably rent a car or be prepared to pay lots of cab fares. the bus takes you into old san juan for just 25 cents. but don't take it anywhere else. i made the mistake of trying to take it to the mall. An hour in a crowded bus was NOT FUN. the staff was friendly and helpful at this hotel. so if you are low-maintenance, it's a good deal. if you are looking for luxury and amenities, stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not too bad not too good. i was very hesistant to book the normandie bc of all the mixed reviews but went ahead with it anyway. the normandie is a nice hotel. plain, simple and considerably clean. the staff was pleasant, the concierge was very helpful and all in all it was a good stay. the downside is that the beach and pool area are definitely not the greatest. a little deceiving to be honest...the pool overlooks a PUBLIC beach which is filthy and crowded. the hilton next door has the private beach, (what you see from your room). location wise, the hotel is situated 1.5 miles from old san juan, bit of a walk but its do-able and pretty. isla verde, which is where we went to the beach, is a $16 cab ride and about 8 minutes from the hotel. if you're just looking for a clean, pleasant place to sleep..then the Normandie is great. if you're looking for a resort type hotel, try again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Park Plaza Normandie was a good hotel. The Park Plaza Normandie was a step above average. The Jr. Suite was spacious, with a beach view. A couple of lamps needed to have bulbs replaced but never got them. The Continental Breakfast was more than adequate, with fresh fruits, juice, yogurt, different rolls and breads, coffee. However, the other meals were somewhat pricey. The Concierge was very helpful in booking tours. Since it was off-season, the tours were not running every day, and as a result, we did not get a chance to go to Ponce and a coffee plantation. It would be nice to know this kind of information in advance. The hotel had a nice location - right next to Millenium Park, and maybe about 1and 1/2 blocks from Luis Munoz Rivera Park. It's only about a 10 min. taxi ride to Old San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>infoseek123
<Content>Fair Value, Location ??? The hotel is decent, the rooms are fair, don't expect much. It is located right next to the Hilton, and you can walk to the Hilton in no tiime.There are no restuarants besides the ones at these two hotels which are all a bit pricey. You have to walk about a mile or so to get to a non-hotel restaurants. If you want to Jog, there is a small track behind the hotel to your left. The hotel gym is there for name sake and it just as big as probably your bathroom.You can take the bus from a few blocks away, very cheap 25 cents, yes, in June 2004, it was 25 cents/person to Old San Juan/anywhere the bus goes. It takes about 15 minutes. It might be a good place to stay for two or so nights, I couldn't stay here for more than that. Condodo is another alternative, much more choices as far as food is concerned and you can walk to that area from here, it is 15 minutes away, about 1 mile.Opposite side from Condodo, If you walk towards the stadium, go behind the stadium through the parking lot, and make a right when you get to the main street and walk another 1/2 mile, there is a KFC there and a few local restuarants. You feel safe and this is a U.S. territory. Please email me if you have detailed questions.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Park Plaza Normandie We just spent a week in Puerto Rico. We stayed at the Park Plaza Normandie. It was so wonderful. The staff at the hotel went out of their way to assist us with any of our needs. The island is awesome. Every one should visit there. All the locals are so kind. We speak no spanish but that never was a problem. There was always someone there to help us. We hope to visit again next year. I don't know why there have been so many bad reviews.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I disagree with "Save you money from Charlotte, NC" My husband and I spent one afternoon at the Normandie (it was very easy to sneak in a use their pool). Even though we didn't pay for the night, we originally were staying at a smaller hotel nearby, without a pool, so we snuck into Normandie. Anyway, the hotel is BEAUTIFUL! and there is a small private beach and the pool is very big. Puerto Rico in a whole is absolutely the best island on earth! It's gorgeous! North Carolina, should try it again!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location The hotel was big and was very clean. The elevators were slow but the worked. The rooms were big, clean, and nice but they were very plain.(no pictures). The hotel is good for sleeping but i dont think that i could stay in it awake for more than 2 hours. The best thing about this hotlel is that is in the best location, it is in walking distance from Old San Juan, and has great views.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't return Had reserved a two bed room, but, was told 2nd bed was sofa when we arrived. Only after HUGE hassel and many conversations, they came up with a 2 bed room they first said they did not have.Fighting for what you already paid for after a long flight is no way to start vacation! The room was large but not clean and carpet was damp and odorous. Towels were stained brown-?clean.Food was overprised.They provided coffee maker,but cofee packet was $5.00 after 1st package. Overall a bad experence. Very happy to leave and not return.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Normandie has great location My boyfriend and I wanted to go on a getaway when we say an ad on TV for Puerto Rico. So we checked it out on aavacations.com and booked it for March, 2002. It was about ten minutes from the airport and upon arriving a bellboy took our luggage as we signed in. Then Jose, the bellboy took us to our room while telling us the history of the hotel and then told us briefly about the town and some sites we should see. The beach isn't huge and it's not pure white sand like the rest of the carribean, but there were never more than 4 people on it and it's secluded, there's a more public beach a block or so away also. We ate at the hotel, but also there's a deli across the road and other restaurants a block or so away. Also the Normandie is in walking distance of the Old San Juan and the newer casino/hotel area. But our favorite part about the Normandie was the service, neither of us spoke any spanish, so they booked all of our tours for us, and when we had a problem with one of our tours, it was the hotel who above and beyond to care of it for us. This hotel was perfect for us and we are planning on going back in Aug of 04.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is very nice and the rooms are very large. I was very surprised after reading the reviews on trip advisor. It is not a beach resort, but it has a great location, and the staff was great. I was in other hotels that friends stayed at, such as the Holiday Inn Express, and it was comparably priced, but it was a dive compared to the Park Plaza Normandie. I would defintely stay there again, and would advise anyone to stay there, that is the Plaza's price rage.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful place; crapshoot management We spent one night as scheduled. The inside of the hotel is beautiful and unique. Our room was spacious and tastefully decorated.One minor incident, Our toilet wouldn't flush but they repaired it within 20 minutes of our call.Management and it inconsistency was the biggest problem. Sometimes the doorman was there, sometimes he wasnt. Sometimes the parking attendant was with it, othertimes out of it.The billing system is weird. The total comes out ok but the itemization of the bill makes no sense. It appears that you are being charged for services you didn't access.Good for an overnight, or business travel. Don't order anything from the hotel if you are the kind of person that looks at your bill prior to paying for it.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shame on you PR We prepaid for five nights in this place, and each night seemed to get worse. Power at the hotel would go off with no warning or apology, and then a diesel generator would kick in and run loudly for hours - last night there it ran all night long (no sleep). Most of the staff was rude and uncaring. Food at the restaurant was overpriced and not good. We found a much better place to eat on Ashford St. called the Latin Star - good food and friendly service. The topper to all this was the last hour we were there the parking attendant tried to overcharge us for under one hour of parking. The beach area was dismal at best. We looked at the pool but never did use it. All I can say is shame on you PR for letting this hotel continue operating without cleaning up it's act.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally satisfied...lots of history My wife and I have been traveling the Caribbean for the last three years staying at places like Carambola Resorts, St. Croix and others. The Normandie is a hotel of much history; and the service from chambermaids (housekeeping) to food service to front desk service was excellent. The hotel is not a rambling affair, easy to get around. Front desk staff as well as the concierge could not have been more informative...thoroughly enjoyed our stay there during San Sabastian Festival. We stayed for five days and would without hesitation stay again.We stayed in room 307, ocean view.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Getting an unfair bad rap on this site I just got back from PR with my family and we stayed at the Normandie hotel. I became very concerened after reading some of the reviews on this site but when I got there I was pleasantly surprised. I was pleased with the decor in the hotel lobby as well as in my room. I did feel that the room became a bit stuffy after showering until I realized the bathroom window could be opened. We stayed in a junior suite and we were offered a mini refrigerator in our room free of charge.Although the pool water was cold, it was clean and much larger than the one at the Radisson Ambassador.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a resort, but good value otherwise If you need a place to stay for a night before or after your cruise, this is a fine value. If you are looking for a resort destination, stay at the Caribe Hilton next door for twice the price. I found the Normandie to be a pleasant older hotel. The room was large. The decor was nothing special. The staff was helpful. It's about 2 miles to Old San Juan. The beach, pool, etc. are not the strong points of this hotel. Room service was adequate; the food was nothing special but nicely presented and tasty enough.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK for the price. Secure an ocean side room or on the 3rd/4th floor because the rooms above the bar on the 2nd floor and next to the street are noisy. The pool area is nice and quiet, beach is small but OK, the larger beach is next door at the Wyndam but at a cost. The main drag to old San Juan (2 miles) is on the left side of the picture. Make sure that you use gorilla proof luggage when visiting SJ. The luggage handling at the airport is rough.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not happy Not the best place to stay in San Juan. I got this hotel through Price Line. The rooms were large, the staff seemed to be pretty nice, and the entrance to the hotel was attractive. But the downside is that the rooms were dark and depressing, the entire hotel was damp, moldy and smelly, and the bathroom was not very clean. I stayed one night and decided I could not take it anymore and I checked out.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Normandie did not delivered on (website) promise On the good side, the hotel is nicely done, and reasonably well decorated, but lacking in a decent community area to hang out in, other than a small internal bar. Given all the good views available, they should have put the bar one floor up with a front (street) or rear (beach) terrace access. Food was very good and the breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets were excellent values. The room (713) was big, roomy, with big windows. The room service was competent, quick and clean.On the bad side, the hotel's air conditioning system is noisy, unreliable (there seems to be only 2 settings: freezing, or not working.........at least in room 713). My travel mate and I requested room with 2 beds (2 REAL beds, anyway), and only got 1 king, and a convertible sofa. No other rooms were available. Also, the website shows a photo of 2 tennis courts alongside the hotel, and they list tennis as one of the available activities, a BIG reason why we chose to stay there.......but they don't tell you the courts belong to the Caribe Hilton next door, who wouldn't let us use them. Lastly, the scuba diving headquarters are NOT. They have no real access to good diving, and have limited equipment and personnel. Try some of the island's real specialists for scuba (like in Fajardo or Rincon)Their private beach is a tiny 50' x 10' strip of wet sand, cut off from the open sea, and only accessible off the hotel grounds through a locked gate with a security buzzer!!The pool area was OK, with an abandoned and unused bar, lacking any poolside service, a pity if you want to really service your guests.While the people at the Normandie, and in the various bars and restaurants in the area are friendly and welcoming, I can think of plenty of other places in the Caribean I'd rather go to. It may be a better place for families that want a controlled area, by the water, and close to town.Personally, I won't be back at the Normandie anytime soon.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The stay at this was Horrible, I will never stay here again!!! It started with a noisy air conditioning system and an inordinate and loud banging of what sounded like heavy furniture being moved around at the early part of the morning. I politely requested a transfer from the first room (rm. 511). I was placed in a room that the bathroom had a leak --- the ice bucket had garbage in it. The door to the terrace was not furnished with a curtain to block early morning sunrays. Once again I was transferred to another room (209) this room was more a kin to a maids room, small and had access to the terrace open from a public area of the hotel. Lastly, I was transferred again to another room that I finally accepted with resolve --- after all this was, my last night and I would never stay in this hotel ever again. To the credit of the staff, I can say that to say the least they acted somewhat embarrassed at having to keep finding resolution to the problems that kept arising throughout my stay. I would blame top management... the rooms were lacking in proper cleaning, the air-conditioning system in the rooms that i stayed in need servicing. I found myself appologizing to my Lady friend every night for the Normandie surprise.Room service should not be so restrictive, in that this service should be open later --- reason being that the hotel itself is a distance from off premise eateries. I want to state at this time that I have stayed all over the carribean and it is a sad stae of affairs that a place that needs tourist dollars is so shably kept. The resorts in the Dominican Republic --- that I have stayed in operate better than your hotel--- and remember that it is in a third world country that their currency is a peso. I am a member of a few groups holding different positions in each. If I am asked if I can recommend a good place to stay while visiting the Island of Puerto Rico --- I assuredly would not utter the name of the Normandie in San Juan.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pstar11
<Content>A good bargain! January 2004 - We just returned from San Juan and our last two days were spent at the Park Plaza Normandie. It is a beautiful older hotel and well located. Most of the staff was very helpful and the food was buffet and very good - prices were very reasonable. On the last day we walked next door to the Caribe Hilton - very beautiful - but the prices were twice as much. I'll take the Normandie any day!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Way Jose!   showReview(1532398, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What can I not say?   showReview(1482407, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stefanofranco
<Content>Excellent!   showReview(1342290, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location   showReview(1272328, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Omni needs work   showReview(1216301, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy Hotel   showReview(1155456, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save your money   showReview(994280, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fakin_in_vegas
<Content>Worst Hospitality    showReview(834252, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Normandie   showReview(821484, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pathetic!   showReview(740954, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel convenable   showReview(19642605, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Erdingerin
<Content>Normandie Preis/Leistung okay   showReview(6797088, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>my wedding   showReview(3940933, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

