<Author>Leejayme
<Content>Great Hotel if you want night life and to relax by the pool The hotel is wonderful - it has a great party scene on Friday  Saturday nights. Some might complain about the noise but we joined the party! The pool and beach are wonderful!Food and drinks at the hotel are pricey! We did not eat at the hotel - we wanted authentic PR food. We ate most of our dinners at Metropol which is within walking distance of the hotel. It is modestly priced and you get a great meal!The location was not great - a cab was $25 to old San Juan. We tried the bus - it took forever but everyone is very friendly and we got a lot of insider info on where to shop  eat!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>SusanGreatNeck
<Content>Great getaway We have stayed at this property over 20 times when it was a Wyndham. Since the new owners took over and made it more of a Miami vibe hotel we have stayed twice, and changes certainly have taken place. First off every single employee of this property rates between an 8 and 10. Frances, at the front desk rates an 11. She was always courteous, kind and welcoming. We have chosen to stay in the garden lanai, a separate building from the tower because it is quieter than the rooms in the main building. The room is larger with a balcony overlooking gorgeous vegetation. The down side is some of the rooms on the first floor have jacuzzis and if the guests want to, they can stay out on their balcony using the jazucci and the sound does travel (although I am certain that is not their intention). The restaurants in this hotel are fantastic and guests from other hotels come here to use the casino. The Palm (steak), Yamato (Japanese) and Brother Jimmy's BBQ on the roof are all fantastic. We went to Koco for dessert one night (they have their own pastry chef) which was more than fantastic. We tried eating there Friday night but they were having a private party. The pizza place is not New York Pizza, sadly. There is live music in the majestic lobby Thursday and Friday nights with people from the island coming in to dance. What fun to watch! Yvonne Ramos, the Front office Assistant manger, handled any of our inconveniences professionally and to our utmost satisfaction. The gym is state of the art. There were free yoga classes offerred outside between the hotel and the pool shed. We stayed a week and were sorry to leave. To all the workers and everyone we met at the El San Juan: Prospero Ano Nuevo.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>ctina99
<Content>it was okay We had booked our trip through a travel agent and when we got there we where put in a room that had a view of a rooftop that was dirty and ugly. We contacted our travel agent and then where moved to a room with a view of the pool and ocean. The pool area was nice and service good too. I was not happy with the noise that you could hear from the music playing from the BBQ place on the 10th floor until late in the night. Also, you could hear the guests from the next room when they where talking loud or had the TV on.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>CHARLEYLN
<Content>LOVE PUERTO RICO I love the el san juan , the ride to the hotel was only $12, the ride only take 5min, we stayed in the garden lanai due to the hurricane that never came we was there from oct 12-18, the food in the hotel is good , walkin distance ot a couple of fast food resturants ,the pool are great get up early to get a bed , the night club is the best you dont have to wait in lin because your are a guest of the hotel , you have to go to koco's and have there shrimp they are the best , oh and they have a starbuck in the lobby, the staff is so fridenly,over all everything was great.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karlos01
<Content>good party scene no idea how so many negative reviews... can't pick one thing wrong, hotel is beautifully designed + casino + great pool with mellow music + one of best clubs in san juan onsite...good for anyone to stay, but if you are looking for more of a party scene or something trendy this is best option. try to book the vip package, same price and they give you 75 in chips a day from casino and 2 for 1 drinks  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TriniPixie
<Content>Good Enough...       Ocean Lanai Suite  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>networkCanada
<Content>Great Hotel Although we only stayed one night the ammenities of this location were more than expected. we spent an hour or so in the casino and by 12:30 there was no real crowd to speak of in the lobby. Rather quiet given some of the reviews.Room was totally upgraded and very spacious.Breakfast by the pool was enjoyable as was dinner on the 10th floor  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>VizziOne
<Content>Great Price Value Found a great deal on the hotel web site VIP plan. I was charged 633 for three nights with 225 back in casino chips (1 play chips).When I checked in I asked for a ocean view room and was given the upgrade.Try to check in with Frances she really bends over backwards to make you happy. The food is very pricey so eat somewere else.Ruth Criss steak house (next store)had a great deal 2 dinners 90.00 w/salad and sides.Pool,bars are all very nice. Had a great time.Live band every night.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>KimAtlanta
<Content>Nice Place!!! I had a nice stay at this hotel. The pool grounds were beautiful. The room in the tower was eye-catching and very modern. The bed was VERY comfy! I was on the 8th floor with a partial ocean view. There was some noise from partiers in the corridors on the weekend but it was nothing intolerable. There were plenty of chairs available at the pool and beach. The concierge supervisor, Tania, was very sweet. She sent a special plate of chocolate dipped strawberries to my room for my wedding anniversary. We had a fantastic anniversary dinner at Koco, where we were treated like royalty. The food and atmosphere here were amazing. We also enjoyed the BBQ restaurant on the 10th floor. We traveled with our six year old and the hotel felt child-friendly enough. There were people of all ages here. The lobby dress code is not an issue if you are just passing through. You can get out to the street or out to the pool without being formally dressed. It's only if you choose to stay in the lobby or dine in the restaurants then you need to be dressed up. We went swimming in the pools at night and it was great. I got a few small bug bites at night by the pool but did not notice any bugs on the beach or in the rooms. The drinks at the pool were not THAT expensive. It was $10 for a daquiri, which is what I would pay at a bar in my home town. There were plenty of fast food and casual restaurants to walk to if you didn't want resort food. There was also pizza in hotel for about $15. Overall this was a nice vacation! Thank you, Tania!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keithd18
<Content>Great Stay Stayed at the El San Juan hotel for 4 nights. The trip to the hotel is $22 by taxi and takes 5-10 minutes. Hotel: The hotel is very close to the airport but you do not see planes taking off and landing. Had a regular room, which was fine. The bathroom is very small and there are no balconies. Most of the rooms are not on the beach; you could see the ocean from our room if you looked to the left. There is a 24-hour supermarket down the street that has everything you need. The Supermarket is in a plaza that has a bank, a curves and a pharmacy. The supermarket sells all kinds of liquor, beer, and wine. We bought liquor and carried it into our room. The casino is small and deals blackjack abnormally, which gives them an additional edge. We went to the Ritz and played in their casino, its much larger, has more games, you can walk there or take a short cab ride. At night the hotel has live entertainment in the lobby. The drinks at the hotel are very expensive, $8 beers, $10 rum and cokes, $12 pool drinks, etc. Food:We had breakfast at Starbucks, which is in the lobby. For lunch we found a Mexican/Spanish restaurant next door to the hotel that is owned by Ed Figueroa (first PRican to win 20 games in the major leagues, played for the 78 Yankees) and had great lunches there. For dinner we ate at The Palms in the hotel that was great as usual. We ate at a place called Risces in Old San Juan that was great (15 min cab ride) and a place down the street next to Burger King and across from the Intercontinental called Mi Casa (that may not be the whole name but its Mi something, has a white sign). Everything we ate was excellent. We also went to the rooftop bar/restaurant at the El San Juan called Brother Jimmy's, they had great bar food (wings, quasadillas, etc). Pool:The pool is really nice; there are 2 main pools with plenty of seats. There is a swim up bar that opens around 11. The beach is nice also; it鈥檚 public so you can bring your own alcohol. Weather: The weather was perfect for 3 out of 4 days. One of the days it rained on and off for much of the day, the other days were sunny and very hot. There was a 6.1 magnitude earthquake when we were there, the hotel shook, but everyone was ok.Overall:The only thing I can think of that I didn鈥檛 like was the smoking rules; you can鈥檛 smoke anywhere except the beach or outside the front door. No smoking at the pool, in your room or the casino. This is a positive for most but if you like to smoke a cigar its somewhat of an inconvenience. Everyone we spoke to was from NY/NJ or Boston so it was a good crowd (besides the Red Sox fans). The next time I go to PR I will stay at the El San Juan Hotel because its convenient, and the food is great.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lil_msbeautiful
<Content>Awesome time in PR!!!       View of beach from pool area  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RRSp0rt
<Content>Think again before you book this hotel My wife and I booked a quick weekend getaway in what we heard was THE hotel to stay at in Puerto Rico. Having been to Puerto Rico many times and never staying here we decided to give it a shot. I read the earlier reviews of service being terrible in Puerto Rico, but we have had pretty good experiences at our previous stays at the Caribe Hilton and the El Conquistador.We checked in on a Friday and had no complaints. Our room was beautiful!! The pool area was also great. Our experience started to change when we ordered room service. It took approximately two and a half hours to get our meal. This however was the lest of our problems. Saturday morning we went to Starbucks and attempted to charge the coffee to the room, however I was told that my credit limit was exceeded. So instead of waiting on the long line at the front desk to see what went wrong i paid cash. We went to the beach for the day and when we came back to our room our keys didn't work. We proceeded back down to the lobby only to be told that our room was locked intentionally. The clerk at the front desk gave an explanation of my credit card being refused. Being that I don't have a limit on my credit card I found it interesting and asked to have they keys back to the room so I could go to the safe and get my phone to call my bank. They would only let me go the room with a security guard. Once i called my bank they told my card was frozen for unusual activity. They read me the list of charges and everything seemed okay until they told me the charge at the El San Juan Hotel. The charge was double the amount of the quoted price of me stay. The clerk that put it through put it through nine times!!! Thats right nine times!!!The front desk denied it saying the only tried to charge $100 and it didn't go through. I am a loyal Starwood member and I will wait until the W is open in Puerto Rico until I return.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkDana
<Content>Not as Expected Was there with 6 friends for my 40th B-Day, We had a great time because that what we set out to do. After reading on tripadvisor about some of the awful rooms that were in the the garden lanai, we called the hotel to make sure we were in the renovated section. We were told that all rooms were renovated, not true. We were put in an area away from the main building that was filthy. Showers were dirty, dried urine on the toliet seat,mildew smell, gross. You needed a key to get into that section and out of 7 keys 1 worked. When we complained to the front desk we were told that they couldn't do anything about it right now but they would move us the next day to the best available room by 2pm. We waited until 5pm the next day and they gave us a room in the main buliding outside the elevator. My problem with this was that the hotel was empty and the front desk was not very accomodating, and almost annoyed by our request. Even the managers could care less. Even after not getting into our new rooms until after 5pm, we had to beg them to extend a late check out to us, keeping in mind that the hotel was not full. I felt that they just did not care. I'm not stretching the truth when I say the room was not clean. We packed up our stuff in the morning and left it with bell service, because none of us wanted to stay another minute in those rooms. With all that said we did meet some really nice staff. Frances at the front desk tried to be helpful. We meet a great waitress Yashenia at Uncle Bob's. I had a great massage by Millie at the spa, even though the spa did not have many amenities. A great meal at Koco's with great service. The beach was clean, but not enough chairs, and charging $10 for umbrellas a day is a bit much, especially because there small and you had to rent several for a group. Your on a tropical island, your going to need a umbrella at some point. the pool was very clean, but did not like the cushoned lounge chairs. Some were covered with terry cloth covers others were not and had mildew on them and stained with body oils. Will not be back, definitly not as I expected. To be honest traveled many places and never experienced such poor front desk service. Especially from managers.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	3	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>pjs-MA
<Content>Good and Bad at the same time... We recently returned from a long weekend stay at the El San Juan Hotel and Casino. I had read many reviews prior to booking and researched other resorts as well. I have to say I found the reviews to be right on the money and knew what to expect ahead of time. The hotel is located close to the airport so great for a quick get away where you do not want to waste time in route to your hotel- I only actually heard an airplane overhead on one occasion-not an issue... The lobby is gorgeous and definitely comes alive at night and is a great place to be, enjoy yourself and have fun- probably one of the best features of this hotel! Also, we ate at two of the restaurants for dinner- the Sushi one which was very good, but the one that sticks out the most is Kocco's- unbelievably great food and service- the best service we had all weekend. It was quite surprsing since the pool sevice (for food) was extremely slow, we were expecting the same situation for dinner. On a side note, they are also run by the same management that runs Dragonfly in Old San Juan which was also an outstanding meal and great service!!Now for the rooms- definitely disappointing. The hallways had a musty odor to them, it could be because thay had a lot of rain that week prior to my arrival. The bed was comfortable, TV was good, but the bathroom was bad! It was not clean at all. The floor was dirty and the toilet was clearly not cleaned completely in some time- without going into detail about it, it was obvious. The shower curtain was white and the bottom of it was blackened with mold and the tiles were very grungy looking. The bathroom needs to be remodeled badly! The pipes under the very tiny sink were all rusty as well. I can't imagine seeing that at the Ritz! (which was my 2nd choice for a hotel) Also, my room only came with 2 towels and 2 hand towels- no face cloths and no extra towels. I left a note and tip for housekeeping and they were left for me. I did not complain about the cleanliness of my room, I was very disappointed but lived with it. Honestly, the overall condition of the bathroom was so bad, I am not sure it would have mattered.The pool was very nice, it was a great crowd, a beautiful pool and as long as you were there by 10:30 or so you could easily get a lounge chair in a good location but they did fill up. The beach had great soft sand and the water was gorgeous, but the pool was a better choice to sit and relax. The pool bar was nice as well.Overall, I would say if you are looking for a lively place to stay with a nice pool scene, good restaurants, and a great place to socialize and enjoy the music the El San Juan is a great spot. If you are looking for a more upscale room I would definitely choose the Ritz and just go over to the El San Juan at night. The Ritz appeared to have a quieter pool crowd and I saw children there- at El San Juan I think I only saw 2 children all weekend. However, I did not find the beach over at the Ritz as nice. It's definitely about what your priorities are when choosing between these two places.Puerto Rico was a great destination, Old San Juan was very quaint and clean and I wish I had more time to explore there. I would say Puerto Rico had a South Beach feel to it in many places, but without the attitude that you find in some places in South Beach! The El San Juan had it's good and bad points, I would consider staying there again- but would insist from the beginning on a clean room!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>MrsTMatt
<Content>Could have been better... The El San Juan is a nice hotel. It definitely has a lot to offer but at the price it should include a few more perks for its guests. My husband and I stayed Sept. 19th - 23rd with about 10 other couples. My first impression of the hotel was it looked exactly like the website. The lobby is beautiful but it doesn't match the decor in the guest rooms at all which we all though was kind of odd. The guest rooms are a little to modern, Miami Vice-ish and left more to be desired. It is true the walls are PAPER THIN, we could hear the phone ringing in other rooms and you could hear all the conversations in the hallways. I'm very glad we weren't right next to the elevator because I'm sure you could hear every ding! The beds are definitely soft which is great if that's what you like but after a couple of days, my husbands back was hurting. The bathrooms weren't as small as the impression I got from other reviews, my husband and I were still able to shower at the same time, without too much of a hassle. I would suggest they grout the shower stall with a darker grout though. It was kind of dingy and dirty looking but of course that is going to happen with white tile and white grout. I can see why some guests found it unsanitary. The pleather furniture in the rooms was also uncomfortable. No one wants to sit on something that is going to either stick to them or that they feel like they're going to slide off of. We ate at 2 of the full service restaurants in the hotel, Yamato, a Benihana type restaurant had very good sushi and the prices were comparable with those in the States. The second restaurant we dined at was The Palm. The service here was exceptional. We had a private room for all the couples in our group and the waitstaff was wonderful. The food was excellent as well, the biggest problem was leftovers! The hotel does not provide a refrigerator for use. It is full with items from the mini bar and there is a $10 service fee if used for personal use! I found this to be ridiculous! My husband and I spent $150 for dinner and the leftovers went to complete waste because we didn't have anywhere to store it without incurring and additional fee. I understand them not wanting outside food and drink in the hotel but what about their guests that patronize their restaurants. We definitely kept this in mind when eating else where, making sure we didn't order more than we could eat in one seating. There was a bit of a tropical storm during our stay and the hotel lobby became a disaster area and probably more of a hazard than it appeared. Water literally poured from the ceiling in certain areas and dripped in several more. There was also some flooding on the 3rd floor about an inch or 2 on in the hallway of on wing and those guests had to be moved to other parts of the hotel. Seeing all the leaks really made us question the workmanship of the hotel itself. This is a tropical area and hurricanes and tropical storms are not unusual yet they didn't seem to be prepared structurally. It was definitely a good thing that it only rained for 2 days and that it didn't turn into a hurricane, I would hate to see what it might have looked like then. Overall the hotel was beautiful but still seems like a work in progress, there is definitely room for improvement. Most of the staff was courteous and efficient. If I were to go back to Puerto Rico, I would probably pick another hotel, the Intercontinental next door appeared to be very nice and I believe wasn't as expensive.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>dsirjuesingh
<Content>Not As Good As We Thought Dubbed as one of the finer hotels in San Juan we were sadly disappointed. The rooms look like something out of a Ikea catalog, with perspex chairs and bold pastel colors. The walls were so thin I could here the phone of the room two doors down not to mention the brat in the room next door who screamed for a week! The lobby is amazing and turns into one of San Juan's premier night spots over the weekend. Restaurants were very good with a choice of three but beware they are pricey. Also loved the casino, although small they have plenty of machines and quite a few tables but sometimes only half the tables were open and the dealers have no personality at all.Outside the pool areas are nice but the beach is a disappointment. Number one, you need to hunt down a lounger as they don't put them all out and they don't clean the beach. Its covered with cigarette butts, empty cups etc and little or no beach service.Overall the El San Juan is not as good as its marketed to be, try the Ritz Carlton instead.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>saveferris222
<Content>Great for Everyone! My husband and I chose this hotel for our honeymoon and are so glad we did. The hotel is newly renovated and it shows. The pools (4 of them  2 hot tubs) are fantastic and the beach is the best in the Isla Verde area! Additionally, the staff was very friendly and helped us pick places to eat and go throughout our stay. The rooms have a great modern caribbean feel to them (heads up; no room in the main hotel have a balcony). There was live music in the giant bar/lobby every night. Overall, this place is perfect for couples and families who are looking for a comfortable stay, with plenty of activities to do.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>brianthedrummer
<Content>Great, but spring break central on labor day weekend Not a bad place to stay in Puerto Rico; this is definitely a touristy place though and not off the beaten path. I generally avoid places like this but I ended up here nonetheless. We stayed 6 nights, including a weekend (labor day weekend actually). The weekend was packed, and there were mad parties going on most of the weekend; pot being smoked in some of the rooms, loud groups, and sex in the room above us! And we're quite the social types ourselves but at 3am, it got annoying. It's quite the euro trashy club scene down in the lobby; apparently, one of their nightclubs is the scene in SJ. That said, their lobby is also the scene for some of the best live music apparently in town, and being a musician, I dug the variety of bands they had although some were kinda cheesy in that hotel-vibe kinda way (think half a band playing with a karaoke cd).Worst thing: the noise. Cell phone calls in hallway, near-elevator discussions, and thin walls mean a VERY noisy place. Rooms are not carpeted and so, that adds to the volume in general everywhere. Best thing: great, beach access (for San Juan which isn't tops beach wise), service was great, clean, modern resort. While it has upscale restaurants, they cater to Americans and you could not get something basic like arroz con pollo in the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>nyknicksfanatic
<Content>Nice hotel in Isla Verde Recently renovated rooms, very minimalist decor, trying to be chic but looks like the furniture came from Ikea or West Elm. The El San Juan lobby  bar is gorgeous, the pools and pool area are nice, the beach is clean, the restaurants are good (but pricey) and it has a full casino. The airport is only 10 minutes away so it's very convenient.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bigtravelert
<Content>Beautiful lobby, noisy rooms I had a tough choice deciding between the Ritz and the El San Juan. I think I made the right decision by staying at the ESJ becuase it was livelier than the Ritz. Beautiful lobby and great live music. Hotel is a scene on Sat nights. I went over Labor Day Weekend and it seemed like spring break at the pool area with a dj, but since there are so many different pools, I was able to sit in a quieter area. Only negative about hotel is the high resort fee which includes basically nothing. You are paying an extra 14% every night for live music and use of the gym, which is normally standard in other hotels. You had to pay for everything extra such as floats in the pool, tennis, non motorized water activties (Ritz includes all of this and has only an 11% resort tax). I stayed in the Grande Vista Tower and the rooms were nice and modern, but noisy. Heard everything in the hallways (cleaning people, noisy guests). Also, heard everything from the room next door...loud music, talking, smoking (which is prohibited in the ESJ). Overall, it was a nice stay but I wish they would've sound proofed the rooms during the renovations.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>caribe_chic
<Content>Travel Agent Review: Chic and Luxurious       Pool Area  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BostonLegal
<Content>Tons of Fun But Terrible Service First, the obvious: The El San Juan is THE place to be in Puerto Rico if you're looking to have fun and be social. If you stay at the hotel, you get into the club (Brava) for free (usually $30) and it's like a Bacardi commercial. I know that sounds cheesy, but it's true. Even if you don't want to be in the club, there is live music in the lobby, which is beautiful, and you can simply enjoy that for most of the night. Great crowd, too. Clearly, both locals and tourists from other hotels know that this is the place to come.The pool is great. Along with the rest of the hotel, it creates a Las Vegas-esque atmosphere. If you like the Palms, Hard Rock Hotel, or to a lesser extend Mandalay Bay, you'll love the El San Juan. It has swim up bars, cabanas, and all of those types of things. It's really fun to spend the day out there because you can bounce back and forth from the pool to the beach.What's missing from this hotel is service. There were a few pleasant staff members, but for the most part the hotel treated me and those with me like they were doing us a favor. In particular, the front desk, casino staff, and pool bar staff were not only rude, but moved at a snail's pace. I tried not to take it personally because most of the service industry in San Juan is not particularly friendly.Fortunately, most other Puerto Ricans are incredibly nice.In sum, this is really the best major hotel in the area. I've been to the Ritz, Marriott, e.a., and they are hotels that could be anywhere. At least here you feel like you're in Puerto Rico and it makes the poor service tolerable.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>ysilver1
<Content>Being trendy sacrifices comfort and practicality.       Beach  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	2	5	-1	

<Author>bandito912
<Content>Decent hotel, but needs a lot of work I attended a wedding at the El San Juan and read several dozen reviews from this site before I stayed there. The reviews are so varied I had no idea what to expect. Overall, I thought the hotel was mediocre, especially for the amount of money they charge. The positives: the pools are beautiful, beach access is fabulous, the lobby and bar are very stylish and trendy (especially with a weekend crowd), and the ballroom where the wedding was held was a perfect space for celebrating. The negatives: the room was designed entirely in white which made every speck of dirt visible (and there were many), the shower floor was filthy and mildewy, the mattresses on the poolside lounge chairs are left out in the rain and are covered in visible mildew spots and dirt (for some inexplicable reason the hotel only provides white slipcovers for some of the lounge chairs so the stains on the other chairs are visible for all the world to see), our reservation for a garden view room turned out to be a room on the third floor with only a two foot window near the ceiling, and the walls of the hotel are paper thin so you can expect to be woken up several times a night (if you are lucky enough to be able to fall asleep) because of noise in the hallway or a neighboring room. To echo a lot of the comments in other posts, even though it is the off season in Puerto Rico, we still had some difficulty finding available pool chairs. I didn't really think this was the end of the world, but the fact that people can reserve a chair for the entire day -- even though they never use it -- just by leaving a towel there is a bit ridiculous and it would be nice if the hotel had better control of that situation. I saw no sign of bedbugs, nor did I hear any of the other wedding guests voicing complaints about bedbugs, in spite of some of the other reviews. The island does have a lot of no-see-ums/sand mites and it wouldn't surprise me if the reviewers who complained about bedbugs had encountered some other insects out by the beach without realizing it.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jens3boys
<Content>Loved the El San Juan We stayed at the El San Juan for 3 nights post-cruise, Aug 10-13.We are a family of 5...mom 49, dad 56, 3 sons 16, 19, and 20. I got 2 rooms through Priceline for $115/night/room. I was very apprehensive about staying there after reading so many bad reviews on Trip Advisor. If you are staying here, rest assured that the hotel is wonderful! I emailed them as soon as I won my bid on Priceline requesting connecting rooms (1 king, 2 doubles) in the main tower with the renovated rooms. All of my requests were honored! We even had a partial ocean view which was lovely. We got to the hotel around 9 AM and of course the rooms weren't ready yet, which was to be expected. The front desk took all my info, including my cell # and called me as soon as rooms were available. The first one was ready at noon and the 2nd one around 2:00.We never had any problem with noise. The pool area is just beautiful. The hotel lobby is nice but too dark for my taste, but we didn't spend much time there anyway. We never had any problem getting extra bath towels as soon as we requested them. The renovated rooms are very bright and airy and I highly recommend asking for one of these rooms if you are going to stay here. I have no idea what all the bad reviews are about...we had no complaints whatsoever! If you book this hotel, you will not be sorry. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sildex22
<Content>Great Stay Our hotel stay at the ESJ (as the call it) was great. The beach front is ideal and the service is excellent.But fair warning to all. When we first checked in we were told to head out of the main building (where the checking in takes place) and go through the pool area to the adjoining building where our room was located. Now, when you first get to ESJ, you are completely blown away by the lobby and the whole atmosphere being very chic and top class... ok, so we walk with our luggage throug the pool area to a building accross the way, and right away it's like you're in a completely different hotel. The little entrance and elevator we had to take were very very run down and outdated. We got to our floor and saw a long hallway and got to our room... well, let's just say that after seeing the lobby in the main building and then walking into our room I was royally disappointed. It looked like a dark, outdated style room. We decided, who cares, let's make the best of it, we'd be outside most of the time anyhow. But as I walked out into the balcony, I found lots of cigarette butts (even though we were supposed to have a non-smoking room) and used glasses and then we also realized we had gotten two double beds and not one queen bed!We called to complain and were told we had been given the wrong room and to please head back to the main lobby... we lugged our bags BACK through the pool area to the lobby and were told we were staying in the main tower. We went up to our room and WOW, it was like night and day, our room was UNBELIEVABLE, exactly like the pictures they have online, very mod-chic and super super clean. They even had an IHome alarm clock and LCD Screen TV. It was great!The service and attention were also great and the lobby area with 2 bars in the middle of it was great! We were there a saturday night and the lobby area (which is huge) turns into a party, with a live salsa band and the bars are flowing with people, there's also a casino right in the hotel.OH! and one last tip, do NOT use the tour company that's located in the hotel. You find/see their desk as you walk to the pool area. They share the desk with the Hertz rental company. They were AWFUL. It was the only regret we had of that trip. They were late picking us up for tours and we even missed parts of the attractions promised because of it. All in all It really was a great stay, but not sure if that is because we were lucky to have switched rooms....  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ft8299
<Content>Nice casino but rooms are very noisy A little background: we are a couple in our early thirties looking for a romantic beach getaway. We are not clubbers and were looking forward to quiet evenings at the restaurants as well as in our room, but that was not to be. For comparison, we have been to hawaii, riviera maya mexico, and las vegas and my hope was that this vacation would be a small combination of all three.RoomsWe arrived on a saturday night and our first room was on the third floor (no second floor) and we could not sleep a wink due to the club where the music did not stop until 5:00 a.m. This was compounded by very loud neighbors who were up til 6:00 a.m. partying. The doors connecting the rooms are super thin and as the rooms are not carpeted, you could easily hear every conversation! I think the club only operates thursday - saturday but our first night was not pleasant. We changed rooms to the 9th floor (the highest available) the next day after we requested a change. While waiting in line to complain, there were several people waiting in line about to complain about the exact same thing.Other than the noise issue, the rooms are ok as they are modern with small bathrooms and no counter space in the bathroom.PoolsThe pools are nice with nice lounge chairs and surrounded by palm trees. You can access the beach through the pool area, but beware of bug bites (there is a warning in each of the rooms). We got bit several times, so make sure to wear mosquito repellant, which is offered through the pool service area.RestaurantsMost of the restaurants are expensive except for the pizza place which has good food at reasonable prices. The pizzas and burgers are good as well as the puerto rican special. The Italian restaurant is romantic with good service except for the fact that during the night we dined, there was a very loud family that ruined dinner for several patrons. The thing was that it wasn't the kids that were loud, but it was the adults. There were several couples that asked to be moved but unfortunately there wasn't any other tables available.There is a breakfast buffet that is around $23 for omeletts, pancakes, and other regular stuff which isn't bad, but gets old after one day. We mostly ordered from the pizza place and you could even take out from the place.CasinoCasino is small relative to Las Vegas, but they always had one craps table, one roullette table, and two or three blackjack tables going. The minimums are usually $10 and the dealers are not the freindliest bunch.LobbyThe lobby is nice with great nightly entertainment every night. We would always hang out at the lobby and listen to the live music, which is great. Overall the hotel was ok, but the noise issue was a huge deal for us as we were looking for a relaxing, romantic vacation. If you are looking for a relaxing, quiet vacation, with really good service this might not be the best hotel.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	4	3	

<Author>coupiehead
<Content>Can't wait to go back.... My daughter and I stayed at the El San Juan Hotel for 5 wonderful days in August. The weather was beautiful, the hotel was georgous and the staff was impeccable. We we totally pleased. I read all 320 reviews....after I booked our reservation.... lol.... and had some questions but any complaints I read were from people who have expectations that could not be met where ever they stayed. I communicated with Tania Sanchez over e-mail on many occassions asking qustions about tours, check in and she was more than accomodating. We arrived at approx. 1:30 and were greeted with a smile by a wonderful door man...his name is Hery. You couldn't help but to love this man, he was so kind and courtious. Anmando checked us in and was able to provide us with our room immediately even though check in is at 4:00 pm. We we thrilled with our room! It was sunny, clean, the bed was unbelievably confortable, the shower was just fine......for those complaints regarding the shower... just move the shower head and close the curtain!!!. The pools were beautiful and the hot tubs very enjoyable. Everybody, I mean everybody, including the attendants handing out the towels were superb! I would strongly suggest reading all the reviews and taking note of the many resturants in the immediate area. We had many wonderful meals and also enjoyed the fantastic entertainment in the lobby in the evening in the hotel. We did not have a car for 5 days and had no problem getting around. We found only 2 blocks away a bakery with yummy pastries and bagels, lunch menu, a supermarket in the same mini mall to buy soda and other items. We took the horse back riding tour and it was fantastic!!!! I mean fantastic! We also went to see the Rain Forest. Our only regret was being too busy and not just relaxing more on the beautiful beach. Becareful ......the time goes by real fast! What's better to wake up every morning with sunshine and people smiling. I can't say enough about the hotel, PR, and all the surrounding people. A real nice experience in PR! The luxery of the US and the beauty and pleasant, courtious people in PR, We loved it and are already planning to go back. Kim and Brielle in New Jersey  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>patti616
<Content>Beautiful beach and pool area My husband and I were very excited to stay at the ESJ. We had stayed at the Ritz on a previous visit and loved everything but decided to try someplace new. We had an awful flight from NY via Delta airlines and it took 9 hours to land in Puerto Rico.We reached our hotel at 6:30 pm and were told by the front desk that our room would not be ready until 7:30!!!!! We were shocked and exhausted. We had booked an ocean front lanai several months prior and couldn't believe what they were telling us. I told them that check in was at 4:00 and I was told that not everyone checks out on time-I had never had this experience in any hotel that I had stayed at-they offered a one hundred dollar credit but that did not ease the need to relax and have a hot shower. The manager who was on duty at that time was very blase about the delay and really didn't care! The room was lovely with a beautiful view of the ocean and pool.The noise was horrendous. We had neighbors that partied from 2am-4am each night and seemed to have 20 people sleeping in the room.They even moved chaise lounge pads into the room each night!! People also were in the pool at 4:30 am and made a ton of noise. Service was very slow and the hotel does not give you enought info when you arrive.We did not know that there was a place to purchase a newspaper until 2 days prior to our departure. The housekeeping and bell men were wonderful.This hotel really needs to become more service oriented.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>kittylover59
<Content>Fancy hotel, friendly staff       Another pool view  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tle
<Content>Too many successful discos A traditional, interesting historic hotel with charm but the noise from all of the discos and proms is outrageous. Don't expect to sleep without major noise all night long (especially weekend nights)from the parties. It is heard high and low, interior and exterior rooms. All the guests were complaining when I stood at checkout desk and we did not know each other. Desk ckerk did not seem to really care about our lack of sleep the entire night.. I am going to try the Ritz-Carlton to see if I can have a quieter situation.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Taino73
<Content>1st PR trip My wife and I who are both of Puerto Rican ancestry made our first trip to Puerto Rico this July. We chose the El San Juan hotel and Casino due to some reviews we read and our travel agaents reccomendation. The hotel has an elegant lobby and many bars and restaurants. We were lucky to arrive during the 12th annual Salsa congress which was hosted at the hotel in their Grand Ballroom. There were salsa bands playing every night and the lobby itself at night is more like a nightclub. We chose to stay in the Garden Lanai room and requested a room with a private jacuzzi which we got. Amazingly our room had a VCR player, I havent seen one of those in a long time. The pool complex at the hotel was awesome, 3 pools, 5 jacuzzi's including a secluded one that I didnt discover until our 3rd night. Everyone spoke perfect english at the hotel and the service overall was excellent. We found a great little restaurant Mi Casita, locate din a strip mall 2 blocks from the hotel. They serve authentic PR food and the prices were very reasonable. This is a resort hotel , so everythign in the hotel was expensive, example at the bar by the hotels private beach, 2 coronas were 23.37. I would definitely reccopmend this hotel, they are in the process of upgrading the VCR's..lol  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>novmeister
<Content>Best By Far In Puerto Rico!!! my wife and i stayed in this hotel last july for our honeymoon and had the best time of our lives!!! Now only was the staff so incredible to deal with(esp. margarita-manager) but we got upgraded three times!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!the ambience is great, the pools (3 big ones btw) are modern, lots of room and comfortable! the casino and night life is classy and very happening.A standard room alone, is very modern with a great view.Definitly the best hotel on isla verde(we toured the others) beats the ritz and intercontinental by far!!!!!A MUST!!!and a definite need for those like my wife a 24 hours starbucks in the lobby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovethebeach72
<Content>Too noisy My husband and I recently stayed at the El San Juan Hotel and Casino. Though the property is nice and right on the beach it was quite noisy. The airport is nearby so you can hear the planes all day long. We also had very noisy neighbors that we had to call security for several nights in a row. If you like night life and want to be in the middle of a big city this is the place for you. We really enjoyed getting out of the hotel and going to Old San Juan, El Yunque, and taking a snorkeling trip. For those who want peace and quite I would try Culebra or Vieques Island.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>LuvTravel007
<Content>Must stay here while in Puerto Rico This is truly a five star resort destination. You could stay at this hotel and never leave the property. They have 2 large pools and the hotel is right on the ocean with plenty of beach. The pool has music, comfortable lounge chairs with terry cloth covers or rafts to float in the pool. You do not even notice that this hotel is located right next to the airport. The restaurants inside the hotel are expensive but exceptional quality. There is fast food within walking distance if you are on a budget. The rooms are clean, large and modern. If you get 6th floor or higher you have a nice view of the ocean from your room. I have stayed at 5 different hotels in Puerto Rico and this was by far my favorite!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>newyork10011
<Content>Nice spot Beautiful beachside spot... the pools areas are super nice... great place to spend the day unwinding (although the music they play all day can get a bit annoying over time). Nice and clean rooms. Staff were helpful in getting a cab or bringing room service items promptly. A bit hectic in the lobby area on the weekend evenings with partying crowds, so if you're checking in at that time, find a side entrance.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>arlacy3
<Content>The Best Place on The Strip O.K. First of all I'll tell you the good things. The place looks beautiful. My room was great and had a great view. The Pools are clean and stay open all night. The beach is perfect. I had a wonderful time. The Casino pays out at black jack, I couldn't lose. You're in walking distance from Burger King, Wendy's, walgreens and Pizza hut if you need a little taste of home. 20 dollar or less will get you to old San juan and/or the mall. It has a night life that'll beat any club. After 7pm it's jumping. I found out the hard way don't forget pants. You can't party with shorts on. It's like everyone else who stayed at a resort on the strip came to El San Juan Hotel  Casino to party.  Now the bad things. It's not too much wrong with this hotel but here are a few things I didn't like. They don't give you robes or slippers. The food is way over priced ($30 for a cheese burger and fries)and they don't have enough beach chairs at the poolside. The don't let you party with shorts on. The mini-bar forget about it. Don't even touch it. Now other than that it's the best place to be I found. I stayed at the Ritz-Carton in 04 and I have to admit you can't go wrong there either. But ESJ is a great place to stay. Just eat wendys and go to walgreens for your snacks.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jcll93
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We were there 3 nights, wish it was more, check-in was at 4:00PM and we got there at 11:00AM, room wasn't ready until 4:00 but we used the pool, beach and everything they had to offer until we got our room, they kept our luggage until we got the room, the beach and pools are amazing, the lobby is beautiful, the rooms are great with an amazing king size bed, the staff cannot be nicer and recommended us very nice places (go to el soleil restaurant in los pinones), location is great, didn't hear any noise and every night they had entertainment in the lobbyKind of place that will make you feel rich if your not.Have to go back.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tiptopChicago
<Content>Fun at Casa San Juan The El San juan is a great party destination, a hotel that you dont ever need tp leave. 8 restauraunts a casino, 10 bars. and beautiful pools and beach. The rooms, night club and service are the best in Puerto Rico. The pool experience may be the best in North America. The only problem was that my bedding was not honored. The desk clerk was cold but the manager very nice when i explained that i did not want to sleep with my best friend. She arranged a roll away and actually worked out fine. The entire week was great and i can not wait to go back. Enjoy everything the el san juan has to offer  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bliss0218NY
<Content>Great time... We had a great time at this hotel. Our room was very nice, clean and spacious. The staff was very accomodating.  We ate at Koco, the Italian restaurant and the pool bar. The Italian restaurant was ok but pricey. It's hard for me to judge Italian food b/c I am from NY. The great thing about this restaurant is thet they are open late. We left the casino at about 2 and we were able to get a pizza to take upstairs. Koco was excellent. It is in an awkward location in the hotel (next to the casino but down a hallway). The decor, staff and foos was fantastic. The poolside bar was ok and also pricey. We stayed at the beach and the pool. Both places hard to get a waiter or waitress, I think it was harder at the beach. Some were more attentive than others. I have to say a big dissapointment for me was that they only had 9 umbrellas total for the guests at the hotel.  The casino was fun, again not like Vegas or AC but enjoyable. The waitress service there was slow and also disappointing. This hotel comes alive on Friday and Staurday nights. The lobby turns into a club and everyone is dancing everywhere. Tons of fun! The big big disappointment there which nobody can argue was the lobby bathrooms. Gross! Smelly, no toilet paper in stalls, garbage overflowing with paper towels.  Overall we had a great time at this hotel. There are a lot of spots that you really have to look for. My suggestions take a walk through of this hotel when you get there. My husband went to the gym on the top floor and stumbled across a restaurant up there. We would have had no idea had he not gone up there (we did not get a chance to eat up there). Koco's is a little hidden and the convenient store is at the very end of the Galleria. We did not know there was USA today until the second to last day. Also there is a Starbucks in the lobby with small things, but in the Galleria towards the end there is a larger Starbucks.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EBChicago
<Content>Loved it! This hotel is very nice!! Nice clean rooms, very good housekeeping and service. The prices are a little much for the drinks, but they have about 5 restaurants in the hotel, we tried one, Yamato, Sushi spot - pretty good. There is a club inside the hotel that is open Th - Sat (or Sun). Guys have to wear long pants to get inside! Looked nice from the outside and supposedly one of the best clubs in town. The pool grounds were great! Everytime I went out I found something new, more whirlpools and jacuzzis all around, a waterfall, nice relazing spots to chill, hammocks and lounge spaces all around. Very nice trendy hotel. Steps away from the beach, which was very nice, but we mainly stayed in the pool area. Not a lot going on around the hotel, but it's a 45 minute bus ride to Old San Juan if you are up for the trip, not bad with bus rides only 75 cents a person..beats cab prices. Rent a car if you want to get around to multiple places during your stay as cab prices can get quite expensive. Gas was only around $1.30 gallon during our stay.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CHELSEACHEF
<Content>very nice hotel in a great location I stayed 2 nights at the ESJ last month. I was there for a friends weeding, so I took advantage of a special rate, which was very good.The hotel is located about 10 minutes drive from SJU airport, which means the cost of taxi was very affordable. I was greeted by a bellman who promptly took my bag and ushered me to the front desk. Check in and out was smoothe. The front desk staff was very efficient. The lobby looked beautiful and was very busy after dark. I walked through the casino, but I was hoping they would have a sports book. They didn't. It was small. Not my scene. Lots of slot machines.The room was very nice. Spacious, clean and very cool. The ac works very well. The bed was extremely comfortable. You could sit outside and smoke on the patio.The beach is on site and gorgeous. I didn't stay near the pool, so I don't know what its condition was. The housekeeper who took care of my room was very sweet. She was very helpful in offering suggestions on places to go and things to see in the area.On the first floor, right past the front desk there is a starbucks. Further down the corridor is a variety of fine shops. I like to smoke cigars and they have a fine selection in one shop. I ate at the palm steak house restaurant on site, which was very good. My steak was delicious and the service was excellent. There is a trattoria which was good for a light lunch. There was also a very nice looking northern Italian restaurant and a night club, neither of which did I experience. There was plenty to do right in the hotel itself.The facility for the wedding was really very nice and the banquet food was good. It was a beautiful wedding and I think that the staff at the hotel did a fine job. My only regret was that I didn't have more time to spend. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family members who were looking to stay in San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>avoona
<Content>Rest Assured... After reading reviews for this hotel on trip advisor, I was confused by the variety of reviews. I had already booked this hotel and was unsure what to expect. I just got back from my trip (July 5-11) and was throughly impressed. The hotel has been beautifully renovated and the tower rooms are clean and spacious (stay in the newly renovated tower). The only downside is the smaller (but chic and modern) bathrooms. The service in some of the restaurants is a little slow, but that's the pace in the Carribean. The pools and beach are magnificent! There are plenty of shops and restaurants and there is always excitement and activity in the lobby bars/lounges and casino. Never a dull moment! I highly recommend this hotel for singles and couples who like the nightlife, not so much for families.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>FloridaNik
<Content>$12.95 to use the refrigerator I was the only member of our 3-person group to have had the pleasure of traveling to Puerto Rico on three prior vacations (twice via cruise and once as a guest at The Ritz Carlton Hotel). In addition, I was celebrating my birthday on July 4th 鈥?so you can imagine that our 5-day get-a-way was highly anticipated. Unfortunately, excitement quickly turned to disappointment and disbelief during our check-in process on July 3, 2008. Please note: It鈥檚 always a bad sign when upon your arrival you provide the hotel representative with the last name of your party and while reviewing their computer screen they give you the friendly 鈥榦h dear鈥?grin. This is how we were greeted by the hotel rep. After excusing himself to 鈥渃heck on something鈥?for 5-minutes, he returned and explained that the hotel room we reserved months prior (and been charged an additional $350 for a third person) was unavailable for that evening. It was also explained that reserving a room does not guarantee its availability. I鈥檝e been blessed to travel the U.S. and various countries on several continents and I can honestly say that I am still dumbfounded by that ridiculous statement. We were then told that they could set-up an air mattress in a room that we would stay in temporarily for the evening until a room became available 鈥渟ometime鈥?tomorrow on July 4th. Did I mention that July 4th was my birthday? I explained that we did not rearrange our thriving careers, client/patient needs or family obligations to travel to Puerto Rico and sleep on an air mattress. The thought and verbal suggestion was insulting. Last time I checked this wasn鈥檛 The Holiday Inn, Best Western or Budget Inn, especially not for what they charge. If I鈥檓 not mistaken the El San Juan Hotel  Casino proudly boasts that they are members of LXR Luxury Resorts. Needless to say that suggestion was quickly dismissed. It was then explained that the only room available to accommodate our party 鈥榝or the evening鈥?was on the second floor in another part of the hotel; it was explained that the room had a queen size bed and a sleeper sofa.The second floor is not part of the renovated hotel. It does not even register as a designated floor in the main elevators. The second floor is a separate wing of the hotel 鈥?the older section that has yet to be renovated. The staff of the El San Juan Hotel  Casino should have been embarrassed to even provide any guest(s) with keys to this dilapidated structure. Youth hostiles in Europe are more appeasing. The room was hideous and filthy. If we were a group of high school students on a senior trip or on Spring Break with no culture, tact, class or fear of communicable disease, then maybe the room may have been appealing. As three successful professional women 鈥?I think not! There were rembrandts of food and broken glass on the carpet. The bathroom was completely unsanitary. After calling the front desk a member of the housekeeping staff visited our room and agreed with our assessment: He quickly left the room to retrieve a vacuum. At this point enough was enough. We returned to the lobby and respectfully requested that the hotel locate the room which we had originally booked months prior, the beautiful room that adorns the hotel website. And like magic a room was available. We were given a choice of a room on the 3rd or 7th floor 鈥?same size, different layout. Unfortunately, it was explained to us that an air mattress would not fit in the room. At that point in our 3-hour excursion of finding an appropriate and need I say sanitary room 鈥?we agreed on the 7th floor room which was equal to what perspective guests view on the website. What was truly disappointing was the obvious presence of senior management who stood by an observed or dissatisfaction during our numerous trips to the front desk and NEVER, not once, did they interject to introduce themselves or at the very least offer apologies to their hotel guests who were noticeably disappointed with their 3-hour introduction to the El San Juan Hotel  Casino. Needless to say, the remaining parts of our vacation were enjoyable. However, as a whole we were yet again dumfounded during our check-out process. Due to our extended stay and keeping in fashion with other hotel guests, we frequented the local grocery store and purchased beverages and fruits in lieu of paying the hefty price and indulging in the stocked mini-bar provided in our hotel room. Color us very surprised when a fee of $12.95 was charged to our final bill. When we inquired about the charge we were told, 鈥淚t鈥檚 for the use of the refrigerator鈥? Shame on you El San Juan Hotel  Casino! In all my years of traveling I have never been charged for the use of the complimentary refrigerator. We used the iron as well, was that additional charge an oversight on the hotels鈥?part? This hotel boasts their membership with LXR Luxury Results. The El San Juan Hotel  Casino should take a lesson in etiquette from the Ritz Carlton, The Montage, Atlantis Resort, MGM, The Bellagio, and Caesars Palace to name a few regarding truly luxurious accomodations.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	2	-1	4	3	

<Author>lromansky
<Content>Awesome, Beautiful Hotel made for a Great Vacation! Just got back from an amazing stay at the El San Juan Hotel  Casino for 5 nights. First of all, the place is amazing. I'm a pretty snobby traveler and have high standards for quality of hotels, bars and restaurants. I am not understanding what these people are thinking who can't give this hotel good remarks! I honestly have nothing bad to say about the place!We stayed Tuesday, July 1st - Sunday, July 6th. We stayed in an un-remodeled Garden Lanai room, on the ground floor of the building (room 165). These rooms haven't been remodeled because in my opinion, they simply do not need it yet. Yes, it's not as modern as the highrise building where most of the hotel rooms are located, but these have a more rustic/classy appeal than the newly remodeled rooms (which I don't think really go with the style of the resort anyway). Our bed was comfortable, the tiles on the floor were nice, the furniture was very nice, the bathroom was big with modern fixtures and granite countertops, as was the large single shower and stand-alone soaking tub. The decor was very tasteful and elegant. We also had a wet bar, with dark wood and granite countertops. The best part was that with the lanai room, we had a huge patio that stepped out in to the garden and a hot-tub, which we never even requested upon check-in!The resort itself is gorgeous. There are 3 pools and 3 hot-tubs. Plenty of places to lay down with comfortable padded lounge chairs and beds. Though I will say that they are hard to get on the weekends so get up early to reserve one.We like the beach better than the pool so we spent most of our days out there. The hotel has plenty of beach loungers and umbrellas to use. The ocean was clear blue and very warm. They have all kinds of water sports (wave runners, boats, parasailing, etc.) to do there but of course you have to pay for that. We paid $70 for a waverunner for a half hour which we thought was a pretty good pirce.We dined at 4 of the many hotel restaurants. We ate lunch a few times at the beach club by the pool. It was very good food, though a little pricey for lunch but as expected for such a nice upscale resort. If you want cheaper food there are tons of restaurants down the street in Isla Verde, all within a few blocks. We also ate at the Pizza Restaurant located in the galleria area, which was very good. One evening we dined at Yamato, which was excellent, and another night at Koco, which was even better - the food here was absolutely delicious.At night the El San Juan Casino comes alive - there are 4 bars in the lobby and by 10 PM the place is jam packed. For anyone who likes a hip upscale scene, this is the place to be especially on weekends. Each of the 3 main bars were filled with people (mostly in their 20's to 40's) and there was always live salsa music and people will dance. Then later in the evening they open up another area behind where the salsa band plays which becomes another bar, seperate from the others with live bands  music. Then after 11 there is an area where they play modern - top 40, pop, hip hop, etc.During our stay we took walks down the road in Isla Verde where the El San Juan was located and checked out all of the hotels and even ate at a few local restaurants. Here is my opinion on the other hotels on the road:1. Ritz Carlton - very nice....but blah with a capital B. It almost felt like a retirement home. So quiet, so stiff... Don't get me wrong, ti's very nice, but it has no atmosphere like some of the other Ritz Carltons I've stayed at. The pool is nice, but again - boring. And, the lounge chairs there aren't nearly as nice as at El San Juan. Everyone at the Ritz seemed to be aged 50+. This Ritz does not compare to South Beach Ritz Carlton, which has a hip vibe, or the one in Georgetown, DC which also is a very good scene. This one really is boring. My husband and I were SO GLAD we didn't choose the Ritz b/c it was between ESJ and the Ritz.2. Intercontinental - again very nice... I give this a better score than the Ritz, but again - very boring as well. NO atmosphere, just a very nice hotel. We did eat at their beach club restaurant one afternoon and it was good with an island/casual feel, but other than that as far as the hotel and pool area is concerned...boring boring boring. 3. Water Club - We liked this hotel... it's more of a very small boutique hotel, which is very different from ESJ, RItz or Intercontinental. Their pool is on the rooftop and is super teeny tiny. The lobby is also tiny as is the restaurant, Tangerine (which we ate at one night and was awesome). But the hotel is very cool so if you like small boutiquey hotels, this is a good choice. They also have a club up top called Wet and we went to a party there on Thursday night. Actually the party was located on 3 floors of the hotel, they had 80's on the ground level, 90's on the 2nd floor and then modern music on the rooftop where we were. The views are amazing and it felt like a South Beach Miami scene there.One night we went to Old San Juan, which is about a 10 minute taxi from Isla Verde and costs roughly $20 each way. We dined at Aquavia (sp?) and it was awesome. OSJ is beautiful, a definite must see if you head to Puerto Rico.The other nights (besides the Water Club evening and the OSJ evening) we just hung out at our hotel, mostly in the various lobby bars, each one has it's own unique kind of scene. Lots of interesting people to watch.... it was just so fun and happening. Oh and we gambled a little bit. Never even had a problem getting on a blackjack table at night!The talks of bedbugs, rude service, bad hotel rooms, etc. is ridiculous. My only guess is that these people who say these things is that perhaps they are elderly and unable to deal with a fun scene and think outside bug bites are bed bugs or something? There are sand fleas on the beach (which the hotel warns of and provides OFF for free) and the hotel warns you that if you go to the beach in the early AM or late PM you should use the OFF provided. We never went out on the beach late but laid out on the beach every day from 10 AM - 3 PM and never got bitten once .Bottom line I give my highest recommendations for the El San Juan Hotel  Casino and would recommend it to anyone interested in going. And Puerto Rico is gorgeous - a must see.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeachgirlOBX
<Content>Great place to party Great place to go out and party. The pool area is very nice. Great for the 20-30 croud. You dont even have to leave the hotel to find a party! I hated our room. Our view was of a concrete wall. We had NO view at all but a curtin that led to a wall. You need to make sure your room has a view or you will feel like you are staying in a basement. Bathroom was too small for girls getting ready. But we were not there to stay in our room!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>lovingtravelnc
<Content>Med our expectations We just came back from PR and it was an excellent vacation!!! The hotel provided everything we needed. The staff was more than attentive, and we were waited on hand and foot, albeit in the hotel or on the beach. I was a bit concerned about the hotel reviews, but you must experience it for yourself. We have absolutely no complaints about the ESJ!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>dreamvac
<Content>Stay next door at the Intercontinental and visit the El San Juan I just returned from a week stay at the ESJ. This was my 3d visit to San Juan. Previously I had stayed at the Intercontinental next door and the Marriott in Condado. Each visit I booked through hotwire. The first 2 visits were using the blind hotel purchase whereby you are told the hotel class and ammenities but not the hotel. This stay was purchase through the hotwire packages where we were told the name of the hotel and could choose our flight. All reservations through Hotwire were fine.I chose the El San Juan because it was a little less expensive than the Intercontinental. I wanted to stay in the Isla Verde section of San Juan over Condado and did not want to risk using the blind Priceline and Hotwire options since I could have ended up in Condado.I prefer Isla Verde over Condado because the water in Isla Verde is calmer than in Condado where the surf can be very rough.Overall, if I return I would stay at the Intercontinental next door to the El San Juan and just visit the El San Juan. The Intercontinental was just a couple of hundred more for the week and would have been worth it. Tripadvisor has the El San Juan rated as a 5 . It is NOT A FIVE STAR RESORT!!We arrived by taxi from the airport. No doorman or bellman greeted us to assist with the bags and open the door. The entrance pours into the breathtaking lobby bar with its paneled walls and marble. It is a beautiful lobby. We were promptly checked in and given a remodeled room in the main building. The room looked like the pictures showing the orange drapes. It is ultra modern and trendy. There is no balcony and the room overlooked a roof. When I checked in I asked about a room with a better view and was told the check the next day. Note that most of the rooms do not have an ocean view.The room was clean, but overall cleanliness at the resort ranges from poor to average. As mentioned by others, the pools do not appear to be sparkling clean. Plumbing at the pool bathroom was poor and my husband walked into a flithy men's room with feces flooding the floor. The lady's room by the pool had flushing problems as well. Breakfast trays were allowed to lay out for 12 hours without being picked up. This was a regular occurrence.Service overall ranges from poor to below average. We spent most of our days around the pool and beach. The pool bartenders and waitresses were terrible. We were basically ignored pretty much the whole time unless we really had to push for their attention. The drinks and food are expensive, which is ok if the service and quality are there, but in light of the lack of service, we ended up bringing our own cooler and ate lunch away from the resort. One lazy waitress then proceeded to scold us about the cooler and told us not to bring one to the pool. Meanwhile others had their coolers as well. Next door at the Intercontinental when we stayed the pool service was outstanding and caring. The ESJ would have earned more money from us around the pool if they took care of us.The pool and beach are lovely, but I think the grounds at the Intercontinental are better.The next day we were moved to a garden lanai room in one of the low rise buildings. The room was not updated, but was in ok condition furnished in traditional furniture. It was certainly not luxurious or a 5 star room. There was a patio with a very old hot tub.The benefit of the ESJ is the entertainment. Almost evernight there is live music in the lobby. We particularly enjoyed the latin jazz group on Sunday Night, Charlie Suplveda. He is an excellent trumpet player and polished professional musician. However the next night the flamenco guitars were not on time and then was like canned elevator music.We do not gamble, but suggest that the casino be upgraded to meet the Ritz Carlton's casino which had sports betting as well as other gambling options.We mostly ate away from the hotel. There are many excellent local and afforable restaurants in walking distance. For lunch on the beach we really like Cafe Mediterranian at the Intercontinental where we ate 3 days for lunch and the excellent waitress there remembered us and seemed to appreciate us. It is not inexpensive, but the view is breathtaking. The cubano is one of the best we have enjoyed and there is a good selection of salads and other sandwiches.Other favorites are Lupis right next door, a sports bar with mexican food, Mi Casita, a local restuarant that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner with delicious local dishes at very low prices and great service, and Metropole, a great local restaurant where the roast pork was unbelievable.We had a great time in San Juan and the issues did not ruin our trip, but I would look for one of the other resorts for better service and cleanliness. I really feel that we didn't really matter at the ESJ. They really need to work on that.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>mar47
<Content>Great Staff We arrived around 1pm and had no issue checking in early. We were upgraded to a better category in the main hotel tower. The rooms are very trendy and have nice extras. But as other reviewers have commented, there is a reason why there were ear plugs in each room. We could hear our neighbors as if they were in the room with us. This might vary based on room or neighbors, as we asked other guests about their experiences and not all had issues. On our second day we spoke with the front desk and they were great. They moved us to a garden lanis room with a private patio and jacuzzi tub. These are the rooms that haven't been updated yet, but they were clean, quiet, and very romantic.Koco had great food - yes the prices might be high, but no higher than at any other resort or metropolitan city. We tried the Agave restaurant on the 10th floor, but were not impressed with the wait staff and our salads had bugs in them.I'm considering a destination wedding in Puerto Rico and went to check out the property as potential location. Event space is beautiful with many options to customize your event. The banquet manager (Cristina Ramos) is very responsive and had great suggestions.Both issues we commented on (the noise in the first room and the food) were quickly addressed by the management who were easy to work with and eager to please.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>twopenguins
<Content>Noisy Nights, Nice Pools and Good Food My husband and I just came back from staying here for 5 nights and were in a Grande Vista room on the 9th floor, half-way down the hall from the elevators. The little bathroom tiles had mold in the grout lines and it was very unpleasant to shower. The internet was sketchy at best and very slow. There was noise all night from the time we went to sleep until the next morning (we were told we had a 'quiet room'). People were slamming doors, talking and yelling in the halls. I think the problem is that the doors are not thick and there are spaces all around them. Also the lack of carpeting inside the rooms probably magnifies the noise. We resorted to putting a damp towel at the base of the door to try to muffle SOME of the noise, but it didn't help very much. The noise from the airport didn't bother us at all. It was hardly noticeable unless you were outside and then it was only a mild, thunder-like rumble. Temperature-wise, we set the thermostat in our room to 65 Deg. (the lowest it would go) yet still managed to sweat all night long. The AC probably needs to be charged. The food was expensive but good. I would recommend the rooftop Mexican resturant for a good deal and good food. Outside of the resort, we had a difficult time locating places to eat that were clean, and air conditioned and after hunting around for two days, we decided not to leave except for the excursions we had planned. Some things that we did like were the magnificent pools and hot tubs. They were very clean the entire time we were there. We never had trouble getting a lounge or spot to relax. We also loved how comfortable the beds were... too bad we didn't get to sleep soundly in them.We came here to SCUBA dive and booked with an awesome and professional company named Sea Ventures Dive Centers. For a $25.00 per person fee, a van would come and pick us up, take us to the marina (about an hour's drive) and drop us off back at our hotel afterwards. The people running this company are courteous and the dives and rental gear are not overpriced like others we looked into. If you are doing more than a one-day dive, you can get a 10% discount as a repeat customer for the second dive. We had an awesome time with awesome dive masters who pointed out all sorts of wildlife and who took care of all the gear from start to finish. We didn't have to lift a finger. There were sodas and waters and snacks on the boat between dives and we were lucky to have perfect weather.Also... in response to the people complaining about bed bugs.... there are little gnats on the beach and around the resort sometimes. They bite up your legs and arms and you get a red bump. They are pretty good about making sure the resort grounds are sprayed, but venturing onto the beach is a different story. I am sure there were no bed bugs in our room or any bugs of any type.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	4	1	

<Author>BizVacationTrvler
<Content>A Pricey Facade but would still recommend After much research I finally chose the El San Juan for a 2 night get away from NYC. Most other hotels are random beach inns that would just be looking for trouble. Other mainstream hotels got to many mixed reviews. (Obviously the Intercontinental or Ritz certainly would be great options if you鈥檙e willing to pay.)The El San Juan is esthetically gorgeous, the lobby is very well done and the rooms (in the main tower) are bright and comfy. The air conditioning def pumps out cold air so the blankets come in handy and add a cozy feeling. The tile floors did get cold though鈥nd they could have been much cleaner. Housekeeping only goes over them with a Swiffer! The room was huge鈥? Queen beds and a large sitting area. The beds were plush and comfy. Regarding bed bugs鈥 didn鈥檛 have an issue. I assume the few mosquito bites were from the pool and rainforest tour.There are signs all over the lobby regarding attire after 7pm. It鈥檚 to keep the nightclub feel consistent. Great vibe if you鈥檙e looking to just hang out for a few drinks and listen to music. Be aware, drinks will cost ya plenty!Look on the hotel website for specials. We got a midweek special, $150 a night. Which is very reasonable for this hotel and all of it鈥檚 amenities. Plus a $50 credit (would have been $75 if we stayed another night). The credit was put towards dinner at Koco鈥檚 which was delicious. All the hotel restaurants were over priced. (The Palm was pricier in the hotel than in NYC. The Ranch, a roof top restaurant, with a tex Mex theme was great鈥ncluding the mechanical bull. A few menus with prices are on the website. The Breakfast Buffet was $26...no matter how good, Omelets should not cost that much!!! (go down the block to Edith's Caf茅 for great local food鈥t鈥檚 like a Puerto Rican diner in a shopping center with other fast food chains.) There鈥檚 also a major 24 hour supermarket, Pueblo鈥檚, around the corner for anything you鈥檒l need鈥hey sell alcohol which I saw people bringing to the pool. (since those fun fruity looking daiquiris and mojitos are $10.50)The pool(s) ARE the main attraction to this hotel. If you鈥檙e looking for RR this is the spot!! You鈥檒l need to get up early to get those fancy bed cabanas (by 8am or 6:30 during spring break!). Late comers will get a lounge or even pushed out to the beach! (HINT: Tip the pool staff to ensure a good spot 鈥?go down early and put a book/empty bag and towel and they鈥檒l look out that no one moves it while you get breakfast and ready for the day!) The pools were clean and cleaned every morning with pumps. Security is also very tight! So no one will be wondering in from the public beach. Hotel guests get a colored bracelet.Wave runners/Jet skies are $70 for 30 minutes. Not worth it.I took a tour of the rain forest that the hotel set up. I wanted more of a hike but the guy at the desk really didn鈥檛 know much more than what was written in the book. They鈥檙e just there to make a reservation. But for $70 is was worth it since I didn鈥檛 have to worry about renting a car, directions, parking, etc.The only real issue is that the hotel restaurants are very expensive with no other choices. The hotel was a $21 cab ride to Old San Juan. We would have rented a car but that鈥檚 an additional $16 a night to park at the hotel. It was only $12.50 from the airport鈥hich is a 5 minute ride across the express way.Next time, I鈥檒l stay at El Convento in Old San Juan with better access to explore the island. If you鈥檙e looking for modern sexy hotel, some RR at the pool and money is no issue for dinner鈥hen you鈥檒l love the El San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MRDJ422
<Content>Some good, some bad, but definitely overpriced. Just came off a 6 day, 5 night stay at El San Juan, traveling with a bunch of friends in their mid-twenties. This is definitely a party hotel, and the lobby gives that away right off the bat with an assortment of very impressive bar areas and restaurants. The lobby is pretty calm during the day, but at night its very exciting if you want to party. The pool area is also very nice, with three different pools, swim-up bar, a few nice hot tubs and alot of comfortable seats to lounge in. Pool area was a big plus for me.Now the bad stuff...My room was kept very nice and clean, but we saw a bunch of our friends' room, and one room had a problem with ants in the bathroom, another room had really gross mold and mildew in the showers, and one of our friends in another floor had such noise problems that they could barely sleep any of the nights. I personally did not have any of these problems, but we saw three rooms that did, so I guess its a bit of the luck of the draw there.The hotel staff, especially at the front desk, was generally pretty rude and sometimes even outright mean. One concierge outright lied to us when we asked about the means of transportation to get to the El Yunque rainforest, and another was extremely condescending when asking about restaurants that had vegetarian options (PR is not very big on that FYI). There were a couple nice and patient front desk workers, but overall, the attitude was still poor. Overall, my experience was positive, but you have to be willing to overpay for the value, and you may get a really loud floor or a poor room. It is a great place for 20-30 year olds that want to party.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>PuertoRicanLove
<Content>Beautiful Hotel This is a beautiful hotel to stay at. We loved the lobby and the casino. The pools and just awesome too! We have stayed at this hotel 3 different times and this particular time I only have one complaint. The rooms have all been renovated and they have taken out the carpet and put tile in all the rooms which makes for a very noisy stay. We heard a lady next to us walking in high heels and it sounds very loud in your own room. Without the carpet there is no buffer for sound. Also outside in the halls people were very noisy at all hours. I know some of this is expected no matter where you stay but it did get a little out of hand. Other than that I will always love this hotel!!!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>hairway
<Content>Fun place to be, great beach and pool but....... My family and I stayed at the ESJ for five nights. It was a very happening place to be. The lobby is a bit dark but at night it comes alive with music and dancing. The casino was fine. The pool by the ocean was great, we loved the beds. The other pool just wasn't kept as clean. As far as bed bugs we didn't see any kind of bug in our room. We did see a very large roach in the lobby by the elevators but I think thats typical for the islands. I have to say the only thing that would hold me back from staying there again would be the bathrooms. The rooms have been redecorated and are fine but you can't turn the shower on without getting in the shower, and the shower head is a hand held. The stationary glass door was never cleaned and th tile on the shower floor were horrible and needed a good scrub with tilex. We visited the Ritz and I am considering staying there for my next visit. By the way the food at the Ritz is the BEST. Remember to bring your bug spray. There have been some cases of sickness due to bug bites.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Sweet_PR_QTee
<Content>Great Pools and Beach access..A bit over rated!!       sitting area in room  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>motherbored
<Content>A great place to party and meet a variety of cultures This is a wonderful, lively hotel with a fabulous pool and beach area; excellent, attentive staff; and great nightlife. The restaurant selections are numerous with outstanding food and great service. The rooms are spacious and clean. This is not a good hotel for sleeping; and obviously the hotel must know this because instead of providing chocolates during turn-down service, the hotel staff places earplugs at your bedside (no kidding, really). I have never been in a hotel that provided earplugs. Our room was near the elevator and ice machine (rooms X31, X33, X35)--people got off the elevator at all hours and continued their conversations and frivolity in the hallway. It got quiet at around 5 AM. You'll need to catnap at the pool and beach.The nightlife is electric and fun. Each night, the eclectically-adorned lobby area is filled with wildly-attired guests and visitors from a variety of cultures and age groups. The younger-hip crowd migrates to Bravo, the on-site, very popular club. The older crowd dances to the live Latin bands in the lobby with incredible flare and charisma--it's a blast just watching them. This is a fantastic hotel for a reunion of friends, bachelor party, sorority/fraternity reunion, young people, families with older teens, twenty and thirty somethings. I know the hotel has a variety of rooms, and I believe honeymooners can have privacy and a great time, as well. The casino is like most hotel casinos--nothing remarkable.We loved the pool area--the landscaping, waterfalls, private areas are just magnificent. The staff is great about coming around and serving you yummy drinks and treats, fixing your umbrella, dispensing towels, etc.Tip: Move your shower dial no more than a half an inch to the right to turn on the water and set the temperature control. Any further movement to the right will result in a VERY hot shower.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>sjgjess1
<Content>You couldn't pay me to go back. This place was an embarrassing loser. It felt like a night club, geared for teens on a Spring Break Extravaganza. The beds, couch, floor, etc., felt like it could have been hosed down with a power washer, to take care of regular vomiting. I was obviously not a fan. Also, everyone I knew had to argue about discrepancies between the guaranteed rates and the applied rates. The restaurants were outrageously expensive for absolutely average cuisine. Forget this place; go to the Ritz down the street, where they treat you with courtesy and don't try to skin you.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>jtou
<Content>Terrible experience The staff at this hotel was extremely unprofessional and not helpful at all. Getting anything took ten times longer than it should and waitstaff acted as if they were inconvenienced by requests for food and drinks. I paid the full rate but did not get a room in the main hotel. i was put in the lanais area, an old, three story hotel that was not updated. The room was not cleaned thoroughly. It was not nearly as nice as the main hotel even though they cost the same. We had no balcony and no mini bar. The beds were uncomfortable. One good thing about this hotel is that there were always chairs at the pool and the pools were very nice. I would never return to this hotel and wouldn't recommend it to anybody.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	3	

<Author>antnyp73
<Content>Great resort with just some minor hitches... I went to the El San Juan this past January because my friends were having a small wedding there. What I liked: The hotel is literally a 10 minute cab ride from the airport. PERFECT!The Room - VERY clean and modern with a safe and a flat screen TV and iPod radio. Also, I've read some of the negative reviews and have no idea where the BED BUG comments are coming from. The rooms are VERY clean - the hotel in general is.The Staff - Friendly and accomodating. Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a better room (big PLUS in my book)What I didn't like:The noise from the disco on weekends is unbearable. When you book, make sure to tell them that you want to be far from the disco. The bass THUMPS until 5am. If you're into that, fine. But if you're going for relaxation, make a note. I will say, the manager was very nice about my complaint - she switched my room and took that night off of my bill. Another big PLUS!What I LOVED!The pool area. 3 amazing pools, many hot tubs, great lounge beds by the ocean, beautiful landscaping (like tropical gardens) and the pool-side staff is wonderful. The Lobby: First of all it is HUGE. Many different bars/lounges throughout - something for everyone. At nite (especially on weekends), it is very chic, so make sure to wear your Sunday best (Men - blazers, dress shoes. Women - dresses, etc.). There is also a small casino. It's not Vegas, but it's very fun.The restaurants: There is a great selections of places to eat right in the hotel: The Palm (steakhouse), a very good Italian restaurant, Japanese hibachi place, a new Mediterranean cafe. There is also a casual pizza joint and a Starbucks.I am actually going back to the El San Juan in July. It is a very beautiful place and I definitely recommend.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nikki912
<Content>This Hotel Is GREAT!!!! Loved the El San Juan!! I read previous reviews on this hotel before booking and must admit I was alittle scared to stay here but trust me, do not believe the negative reviews. My boyfriend and I stood here last week and we loved it. We are in our late 20's and thought this hotel was paradise!!The pool area is gorgeous. You do need to wake up early on the weekends if you want a bed and they are really comfortable. Best part is was 24hours (we loved going by the pool after the clubs)We ate at the Italian restaurant, the restaurant with the mechanical bull on the roof (this one was not expensive, great guacamole), Koci (think that is the name). They are all delicious. Regualr price to us compared to NY restaurants. The food and drinks are good by the pool area but are very pricey. We went to pueblo down the street to save some money.The lobby is wonderful, always full of people (alot of proms and weddings when we were there). We went to the club on Saturday and is was great.Casino - I didnt win or see anyone else win the whole time there.If you want a nice vacation that is not dead where you want to sleep the whole time then come here!!The people are great!! Very nice, did not have any issues with anyone who worked there. They were very accomodating. If you are nice to them they will be very nice to you!!!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>beachbum4880
<Content>Great Hotel! Like other reviewers, I was nervous about my stay at EL San Juan, and checked in expecting the worst. Luckily, the hotel exceeded my expectations in every possible way. First of all the pool scene was amazing. Even if every other part of the hotel was a dump, the gorgeous pool and luxurious cabanas would have made up for it. Luckily, this was not the case; our room was clean and comfortable, the dining options were varied and satisfied everyone in our group, and the convenient beach access was an added bonus. I would recommend this hotel to both friends and framily.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>unionlady
<Content>Better than expected Hotel selected by my organization for a convention. I had read reviews that rated the hotel from great to terrible. I was pleased to find that my stay, even though the weather wasn't the best was enjoyable. My room was clean, light and airy, a little stark, think they were going for a beachy thing, some of my fellow attendees didn't like the fact that there was no carpet on the floor, the pools and beach were beautiful, there is a downside however, the hotel hosts many parties and the night club goes all night, friends who had rooms over the lobby and bar area had trouble sleeping because of the loud music, they have earplugs in the room. I was in an area where I did not hear the music at night, but guests tend to return to their rooms at 6:00 am. I traavel a lot and was disapointed that there were no coffee pots in the rooms also I am a smoker so I had to walk to the beach in the morning to smoke as it is not allowed on the grounds, the beach is public. The bar and resturants prices are high, 7.00 for a beer 12 for a cocktail the little Italian restuant is the cheapest or the pool bar, however there are places close by that are good and more moderatly priced, we spent time at Lupis and the Metropol, both an easy walk hotel staff were very helpful in answering questions about places to go ,very friendly .  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>boog-a-boo71
<Content>Reccomend this Hotel! A group of about 20 of us (ages 20-something to 30-something, couples  singles) just came back from a 5 day 4 night stay (Thurs.-Sun.) at the El San Juan. All really had a great time. We were worried after reading all the reviews...bed bugs, no chairs, unfriendly staff, noise, lousy rooms, lousy showers, blah, blah, blah,... Well, there aren't any bed bugs. There are mosquitos and sand gnats on the island (isn't that a surprise), bring some OFF, you'll be fine. Of coarse there are chairs, there are TWO pools  a Beach (plus hammocks). I really doubt any hotel you go to will have a chair per guest at the hotel, that is an unrealistic request! And again, 20 of us went and somehow each of us had a chair everyday! The staff was as friendly as any other place we have travelled to. I guess it would depend on how friendly you are with them. They gave suggestions on nightlife, restaurants, things to see, things to do, were polite  respectful. My suggestion is don't be demanding and rude and RELAX... your on vacation. I do want to compliment specifically Yvonne Ramos  Miguel at the front desk. They were above  beyond when it came to hospitality and helping our group out. Next time, if you have any issues, I suggest you look for these two employees. Thank-you both! We stayed in the garden-lanai rooms ( had an opportunity to upgrade, decided not to) . The rooms were more than spacious, had our own balcony, walk-in closet, sitting area(for make-up girls) double sinks, king bed  sitting area...oh yes, 2 in our group got hot tubs on their balcony. One room did have a problem with a safe, but we called security ,they came, it was fixed! As far as the noise goes...people go here for a vacation, to enjoy themselves, to relax, to let loose, to laugh out loud and not worry about the real world for awhile. When your going out ,you do want a crowd, whether it's in the lobby, in the casino, in the club, at the pool,or at the restaurants. This actually means the place is worth going to  makes the atmosphere more fun  the time more enjoyable. It was never so crowed you could not get into somewhere or had such a long wait you would want to leave. HINT: No crowd...best bet...not good! If you want no crowd, no wait, someone waiting on you hand  foot, no noise...I suggest you rent a house  a pritvate chef somewhere off the beaten path. I guess to sum it up, I would reccomend this hotel  would myself go back in a heartbeat. A vacation is really what you make of it and the El San Juan is a great backdrop...Nice rooms, beautifuls pools (forgot to mention pool chairs AMAZING!) ( I would though, suggest either a live band or a dj at the pools, the generic recorded music was more annoying than enjoyable) friendly  efficient staff, a very fun atmosphere in lobby, casino, and we all had a really great time at Club Brava. All in all good hotel/good vacation! P.S. Food is expensive, but your eating in the hotel, it's like that everywhere! It's not an all-inclusive! For breakfast  great cubans try Edith's next door. Lupi's is good for lunch  dinner. There is also Mi Casitas  Metropol, all walking distance. Or hop in a cab to Old San Juan, there you have more than enough options for dining  things to do day or night! Have fun!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>kellir
<Content>Lovely Hotel and Pool Lobby is dark wood and appears old fashioned upon approach. However, the remainder of the hotel is light and contemporary. The staff took very good care of us. The pool area is very nice but the beach is mediocre....the beach outside the Courtyard by Marriott up the road is better.$20-30 cab ride to Old San Juan  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobSport
<Content>Its a Mixed Bag... I read every review on this hotel and still went ahead and booked this through Priceline because of its 4 stars.Let me start with the positive first..The hotel is very beautiful and has a magnificent lobby area. The pool area is to die for and the beach access was wonderful. Unlike other reviews, I had no issues finding a pool chair and the pool was very clean.The rooms were quite elegant and extremely clean, although the shower temperature water was extremely hot and couldn't get it to cool down my entire stay. I would suggest that you don't get a room near an elevator. I was next to the elevator and could hear the hotel's party crowd very late each evening. There is an all night club in this hotel and the lobby bar is also packed until the middle of the night..Then you hear everyone stumlinig to their rooms at 4 and 5am which was annyoing.Also because of the proximity to the airport, you constantly hear planes taking off and landing...Once I got into a deep sleep, it didn't wake me, but its definitely constant if you are in your roomCasino was ok...Most of the black jack dealers don't like to talk to you (especially if you speak English). They prefer to have personal conversatioins with the local spanish speaking customers..It surprises me that they don't socialize more with everyone as this is how they make their tips. Although, Ruben was the exception to the rule. He was outstanding!!My final issue is that the hotel charges you a one time Resort Fee of 17.50 which they don't tell you about at check in, but when you check out, they tell you that you signed for it when you checked in, but of course they don't point this out to you. When I complained about it, I was told that there was nothing they can do. I don't understand why a resort that charges so much money has to add this charge..Isn't that what you are already paying for?The Isla Verde area has some great hotels (Ritz Carlton, Intercontinental, Embassy Suites, etc..) but other than that its a bunch of chain restaurants with long lines. If this is your first trip, I would definitely recommend staying either in Old San Juan or on the Condado (if you like the beach). The Condado has some great hotels, great shopping and great restaurants and you can walk everywhere...There is much more culture in Old San Juan and Condado than in Isla Verde.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>harry72235
<Content>Bed Bugs -- Dirtly -- Poorly Managed Terrible, bed bugs, dirty, noisy, poorly managed hotel and restaurants. 5 star restaurants allowing infants and toddlers -- will never go back!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Thaddius
<Content>The Good and the Bad... The Good: great pool area, great rooms, nice shopping gallery, good location, friendly staff, great beach area.The Bad: LOUD MUSIC UNTIL 4-5am on Friday and Saturday Night that can be heard in the upstairs rooms (we were on the 7th floor); Casino is crummy, unprofessional and in need of renovation; lobby bar/club scene attracts many non hotel guests and sketchy looking people (scary at times--metal detectors at the club); hard to find a seat at the pool area unless you wake up early; can always get a chair on the beach but they run out of umbrellas too quicklyOverall, good for bachelor parties or singles, NOT for families or couples looking to relax. Stay at the Ritz Carlton...its really not that much more expensive.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>amarain
<Content>Nice hotel I thought this was a lovely hotel. I loved the modern, chic rooms, although the shower with only a partial wall was a bit messy and strange. The lobby is stunning and the perfect place to enjoy a cocktail and do a little salsa dancing. Service was adequate, nothing outstanding but nothing bad either. Agree with previous reviewers that there weren't enough beach chairs to go around, but that wasn't a huge issue. The hotel restaurants were only so-so - definitely leave the hotel to eat. We had some amazing Spanish food at the Metropol down the street (although after dark, be a little careful walking around). Overall, a nice hotel and I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pniski
<Content>Very trendy, for young couples / group of friends The hotel is very nice overall. The pool area and beach are incredible, a lot of restaurants and things to do at night. Casino, lobby in the hotel burts with music and a lot happening especially weekends nights. The spa is also great. However, the rooms look great but are not very clean. They should be more careful with that especially charging the rates they do. Also bathtub very small which affects a romantic getaway. Do not recommend for young kids, though. If this is a family vacation, it can be ideal with teens. I had a goot time though. OH, and please check extra rates and fees added in your bill everyday BEFORE you travel. My husband and I got very surprised. We had over $70 / day of hotel fees, puerto rico taxes, maid services, etc... etc... etc...  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>NYChristina
<Content>Amazing / Perfect / Trendy Paradise Hello All,I just got back from my trip and stayed at the El San Juan Hotel. This hotel was great! From the staff to the hotel ammenities, I could not ask for anything more. After reading negative posts regarding this hotel, I was slightly nervous that I made the wrong decision. I am a NY'er in my 20's and love trendy restaurants, hotels, bars. This hotel encompassed all of it.Try to get up early if you can and catch a bed by the pools. They do fill up early, but this happens at every hotel i have been to. The pool staff is very attentive. Hotel lobby is off the hook! Restaurants are all amazing and the general buzz throughout the hotel can not be missed.I can honestly say, I had no complaints whatsoever, and for the most part, i am sort of picky. For those who have read negative comments on here and are heading there, rest easy!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Barack08
<Content>Great hotel! If you headed to Puerto Rico for a guys/girls trip or you are a couple that doesnt mind being in an environment where people are drinking and having fun....stop reading now. Nightlife:Plenty to do here-the hotel gives you the basics to have fun. If you go anywhere in San Juan and tell someone you are from the States and you ask, 'what suggestions do you have on where I should hang out', it will always come back to the El San Juan hotel. Great lobby after hours for people watching with many PRicans dancing/live latin music, decent seafood restaurant, casino and one of the top nightclubs in San Juan. Rooms:We had a room in the newer tower, which was large and clean. On the weekends, the hallways can be loud from everyone returning to their rooms for partying-you will probably be one of the loud ones.Food:Catch a cab to San Juan and try some of the local restaurants. El San Juan has 3 restaurants (The Palm-yes, the chain, an Italian place-heard was good,you have to wear a jacket, and Koco-good food and great decor). Theres a Ruth Chris next door and a Chilis is opening up directly across the street. The food/drink can be pricey at the pool ($10.00 for a rum runner or mojito), who cares, you are on vacation anyway!Pool:Get there early to reserve a chair. If you arrive after 9am, you'll probably be on the beach.Staff:More than accomodating and friendly!I've stayed in hotels in Brazil, Australia, Costa Rica, Panama, and Canada. The hotel will not disappoint you, if it does, I don't know what you were looking for. I'm headed back.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jone7768
<Content>Loved the Hotel We just returned from a 4 day vacation at the El San Juan Hotel and Casino. Having read the various reviews, I was somewhat nervous about the trip going into it. We had a great time and overall I would recommend this hotel. However, it may not be for everyone as there are things about the hotel that may be a turn off for some and not for others.The hotel lobby and outdoor decor is stunning. We visited rooms in both the main tower and the Garden Lanai and both types of rooms were nice. They rooms in the tower are slightly smaller and have been decorated in a modern look. The rooms in the Garden Lanai have a more traditional look. For us personally, we greatly preferred the Garden Lanai rooms and would have probably been disappointed had we had to stay in the tower. The hotel is definitely one for partiers. They have a techno club and a club that plays Latin music. The partying goes to 4:00 am. If you stay in the Tower, I understand that the partying can be disturbing. I can't imagine how the people in the rooms directly above the clubs sleep.The Garden Lanai rooms are away from the main tower, in a seperate building on the other side of the pool. It was quiet on that side of the hotel. The rooms were much larger and more spacious. Our rooms were clean and we didn't experience any of the issues that we read from other travelers with the cleanliness of the room.The hotel prices on food are pricey and that did initially put me off. To give you an idea, on day one we ordered room service for breakfast. A coffee, OJ, bagel and a single serving of cereal cost $35. However, we soon founds ways to cope. There is a super market a block up the street and we brought back food and stored it in the frig in our room. There are several restaurants and fast food places within a short walking distance of the hotel. There is a Starbucks on site and they do serve croissant sandwiches and pastries at the normal Starbucks prices. The other best deal on the resort for kids is the pizza. You can't take it out to the pool but you can carry it out to the beach. Definetely eat at the Texas restaurant that's on the 10th floor. They have a mechanical bull and it's a blast watching people try to ride it. The food was great and since it's on the top floor, there is a great view. Food servings at all the restaurants we ate at were huge. You may want to split meals. We threw away so much food when we ate out. If you go anywhere that has local cuisine try the Mofongo (delicious Puerto Rican dish). If you like strong coffee, definetely try the Puerto Rican coffee at the hotel. I loved it.The hotel has several pools and hot tubs. The one closest to the beach does fill up. We never were able to get chairs over there as we weren't the kind to get up early and hold our spot. Yes, people do leave their towels and there is plenty of empty seats with no people in them but you can't use them because they've got towels on them. We didn't press the issue because we had no trouble finding seats by the other pool and on the beach. The pool chairs are great. They have thick cushions on them and they are so comfortable you can easily fall asleep.I had the absolute best massage ever at the spa. Don't leave without getting one.If you like to dance, definetly go down and check out the clubs. The techno club was definetely for a younger crowd. The music was a little too loud for our taste and the floor too packed though the younger crowd seemed to love it. We loved the Latin music club and had a great time watching some of the dancers and trying it out for ourselves.The beach was lovely. Be forewarned that there is seaweed in it and it washes up to shore. They periodically clean the seaweed off the beach and the seaweed stays near the shore so you just need to go out a little ways in the ocean to get clear water. The water is shallow and doesn't drop off which is great for kids. During our stay, the water was calm and very nice. However since you are on the Atlantic side, if there are storms, the water can get rough. We didn't have it during this trip but have had it during others.My two complaints were that the safe in the room did not work. They said they've lost the key to get into them for emergencies and weren't allowing people to use them. You can store your belongings in the lobby safe but I found that incovenient. The second is that we went to the pools in the late afternoon/early evening on our first day in. They were dirty and there was some disgusting scum floating in one of the hot tubs. We didn't experience this problem any other time and I think during the busy hours, they do a good job of keeping the pools and hot tubs clean. I was extremely put out by the dirt in the pool and thought that for a hotel of that quality, they ought to keep the cleanliness up to par even if it's past the busy hour.Overall we loved it and would recommend it. Just be aware of the above and make sure it's the place for you. I've also stayed at the Marriott Stellaris and would recommend it as well.I absolutely love Puerto Rico. It's my third time there and I can't wait to go again.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>EK08904
<Content>Wouldn't go back! My wife and I just returned from the El San Juan for a few day trip to PR. I was very disappointed. The room was dirty, there was literally a layer of dust around the room (and even on the phone!) The room was dated ... an old TV that barely worked, a sliding glass door that was broken and let every sound in (it didn't close all the way), beds that must have been from a sleep away camp and a moldy ceiling tile. Considering this was a 5 star resort, I was VERY surprised.The grounds are nice, as well as the lobby ... but the pool was filthy. There was a layer of grim all over the top.I would not return.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jc4242pd
<Content>A Great Time Prior to my week long trip to the El San Juan Hotel, I had read the reviews on Tripadvisor and quited frankly, the reviews had me concerned because I was traveling with my wife and two children, Ages 6 and 9. In fact, I shortened my stay from 7 nights to 3 nights and booked 4 nights at the El Conquistidor. Although my impression of the hotel got off to a rocky start,( the Garden Lanai Room I had booked was not available, so they booked me in a different room but not until 5:30 pm) , The assistant manager Yvonne Ramos was excellent . Although I didn't agree with everything that transpired she was obviously concerned and addressed the problem to my satisfaction. Once check in was completed, the rest of our stay was EXCELLENT. The room was clean, the staff was friendly, although the hotel is not geared towards familes, we felt comfortable and the kids has a blast in the pools and the beach. Of course the hotel is expensive, but there are options within walking distance to save money on restaurants, Metropol for dinner and Piu something for breakfast, both are right outside of the hotel , across from the Hampton Inn.In short, I would stay again.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>nessa79
<Content>Had a great time...don't let other reviews scare you I just came back from the El San Juan last night and had read a good number of the review prior to my departure. I was there with my friend, we are both in our late 20s.I had a great experience. Yes, we could not check-in until 4:00, that is their policy, nothing you can do...we accepted it and moved on. Checked our luggage, changed into our bathing suits in the lobby bathroom and hit the pool until the room was ready. Not a big deal.We had a Garden Lenai room, it was clean and huge. No bed bugs, no mildew. It was totally fine.The service at the bars was definitely slow. I didn't think people went out of their way to make sure you were being taken care of, but I felt that way about a lot of places we went in San Juan. I think it could be a cultural thing compared to other island/countries I have visited. No one was rude to us when they were helping us, however.You definitely need to get out early and get your lounge chairs. They do fill up quickly and I will agree that there may not be enough in comparison to how many people the hotel is able to accomodate. There were always chairs available on the beach, which we had to default to twice. Again, you're sitting on a white sand beach on a tropical island as opposed to poolside...it's a rough life. We still went in the pool even though our chairs were on the beach and vice versa on the days we had poolside chairs.Food at the hotel is expensive for sure, but not unexpected since most resorts are sort of like that. Pretty much New York prices on things, which is what I am used to. We did eat lunch there a few times. We started eating outside of the hotel for breakfast and dinner. If you walk towards the Ritz on the main road there is a great Puerto Rican restaurant, the food and service were great and it had a good atmosphere. We also went into Old San Juan at night for dinner, there are a lot of great places. Cab ride was about 15 - 20 dollars. I like to venture out of the hotel for things, so I didn't need to eat at the hotel every day for every meal. I don't think the El San Juan should be compared to the Ritz, that is a different class of hotel. You get what you pay for. I thought the hotel was hip, the bars were cool. The crowd was good for us singles, not a huge amount of families with small children. It was a great getaway in a beautiful place. When you travel you have to be able to roll with the punches and it seemed like some of the past reviews were a bit picky about minor things. But again, different people have different expectations.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>beachgrl86
<Content>Great Hotel So, I've been reading the reviews about the ESJ since I booked my trip. I had visited the hotel many time before and have LOVED it, but this was my first time staying there. Now, I am the type of person that stays at nice hotels, but not 4stars. I think thats where the difference came. For me, everything was great. However I heard couples in the loby complaining that it was the worst hotel, and that they are used to being spoiled. That said, the hotel was amazing for me!We arrived at the hotel around 1PM and got right into the room. It looked just like the website. Clean, colorful, neat, gorgeous! I can understand the shower curtain issue in the bathroom but if you tuck the curtain it no water goes on the floor. PLenty of space in the room though. Bed was very comfortable as well. As far as the pool area goes. Yes, people do get up and reserve chairs very ealr. They usually clear out around 3PM. The whole outdoor area was very clean and well maintained. I personally enjoy the beach much more so that is where I spent all of my time. Chairs were always available all day long. Eating at the hotel, as in most hotels is pricey. The first day we got there we walked to the grocery store (major supermarket Pueblo) and bought beer and wine there, as well as some snacks and water, as well as a bucket. Every morning we would oack up our water and beer and fruit, fil up the bucket with ice from the ice machine and head down to the beach. Much cheaper than ordering drinks from the bar all day. I guess we are pretty low maintenance. At the hotel we ate at the Palm ( always good and you know what to expect), and Koco. Koco was amazing!!!! The place is gorgeous and the food is delicious. The short ribs appetizer were delicious. For dinner we had the halibut and tuna which were so delicious. You must try this restaurant if you go there. Very romantic as well. Overall, if you are looking for a nice hotel with a great atmosphere this place is perfect. The hotel and the grounds were fabulous and every experience we had with a worker was great. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvAvacay
<Content>Sad about bed bugs /hotel service While the hotel has done decent renovations to rooms, the service needs renovating. All the stories about the pool issues are true and while I cant think of a solution I just got up at 6:30 am to get my spot like everyone else who discovered this a day later upon arrival.The biggest problem I am dealing with right now are the bed bug bites (about 100) that are all over my body, they are not from gnats as they say since they are in spots that my bathing suit covers. It is so upsetting because they really itch. And I am hoping that none came home with me.!!! My room was 333. After reading all about bed bugs on the internet I realize that I do have the bites and to inspect my bed before sleeping in it...... And possibly reading a review would be helpful too.!!In addition our glasses were never cleaned (lip gloss on them for 3 days) and sheets were not cleaned when requested. For three of the 5 days I had no top sheet. And on one of the days we came back to the room at 5pm and the room had not even been cleaned! Upon check out we discovered that someone had made local calls in our room which they did take off the bill. When we asked the consigliere to make dinner reservations for us they never did and we had to call back the next night to ask again. When we told the front desk about the many situations they didn't even make eye contact or even apologize!  The gym was nice and the lobby is great!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>pauljennings201
<Content>Won't go back to El San Juan First off, I called one month ahead to confirm reservation and request a double room for me and my friend. Arrived at 1:00pm and told that room was not ready yet and that check in was 4:00pm. Clerk said they would call my cell phone when room was ready. Still no call by 5:00pm so went to the desk and told that the room was ready but was a King with a pullout. Told them this was not acceptable and waited half hour more for a double room. Was given a room on the 3rd floor with no view. Had a walkout patio from the room that was not tiled like others. It was still tarred and not finished! Cigarette butts everywhere outside on the gravel beyond the tarred patio. The room itself did not seem very clean. Floor was not swept during my five day stay. Bathroom towels had yellow stains (or at least i hope they were stains and at least washed). Bathroom sink was not cleaned during stay (or even before I arrived maybe). Shower has some mildew building up on tiles and there is no room to put things (they only put in a pedestal sink in the bathroom). Maid service comes knocking at 8:00 am when we were still asleep. Asked them to come back later. So, went to beach at 9:00 am and then returned at 5:00pm and room not made up. No clean towels. Did make a call for at least towels and they were delivered within 10 minutes. Main reason I will not go back is that they do not have enough lounge chairs at the pool. Was not able to get chairs ONE DAY at all during my five day stay. I prefer pool over beach but had to spend days at beach. Everyone puts towels or hats on lounge chairs by 8:00 am but by 9:00 or 10:00 still no people on them!! The hotel should not allow this. Casino and lobby bar are very nice. Lots of activity and music especially on Saturday night. For price paid, checkin experience and the room quality and especially not able to use pool chairs, I'd never go back. Check out the Intercontinental next door or Ritz Carlton on other side. MUCH nicer than El San Juan. I'll stay at one of those two next time.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>fungirlconnecticut
<Content>Others did not see what I did.... I was not looking forward to our trip to the EL San Juan because I read the reviews here on trip advisor. DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU READ!!!! Our trip there was wonderful. The hotel and grounds were VERY clean and well maintained. The staff at the hotel couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. I did not encounter one difficult or unfriendly employee. I mean this. I am not making this up. When we arrived, our room was ready. (We arrived at 11:00am. ) We requested a TowerRoom and were in the room within 10 minutes. Unfortunately, I did not like the room because it was too futuristic and cold looking and it didn't have a balcony. This was the only real dislike I had and it was somewhat subjective on my part. I went downstairs and spoke to Yvonne Ramos. She is the assistant desk manager. I cannot say enough about this lovely woman. The El San Juan is very lucky to have some one at the front desk with her people skills. ( If you encounter ANY problems while you are there, ask for her!) When I expressed my disappointment with the lack of a balcony, she said she would give us another room in the garden lanai area. She also told me that these rooms were not really updatedso I should know that . However, if we would leave our cell phone number she would call us when someone checked out so that we could see if we liked that room better. She went on to say that she only wanted to make us happy with our stay at the hotel and anything she could do to help us, she would. Can't ask for more than that! We also were allowed to stay and use the room we were first assigned until another became available. We also went at a very busy time. April 18- 26. The lanai room was perfect for us even though it was older and we enjoyed hearing the couqui frogs at night. The casino and lobby areas were always busy and there always seemed to be something going on. (Live music, bars, some people dancing, HOT club, restaurants etc.) The beach was beautiful and again it was clean and well maintained. There are a limited number of umbrella's at $10/day so if you want to stay on the beach for the day and you need shade, you might want to get one. However, you can also get a chair under one of the plam trees and not have the umbrella. We were in love with the lounges by the pool with the billowy curtains on them. I will say that on a busy time, you need to get up at 6:45 am to get one. The towel hut opens at 7am and you have to be there to put your towels on them. This being said, Wes is the pool manager. He will find you chairs etc. even if there does not seem to be any. If you don't use your lounges and leave towels on them to reserve them, they will be taken offafter a half hour if the hotel is busy. I loved being up early as the staff is out cleaning at 6am and the hotel is so pretty in the morning. You can get your coffee at Starbuck's and walk the beach. A word about Starbuck's.. there are two. Go to the one in the Galeria(right around the corner from the one in the lobby). There is usually not a wait at this one.  You can walk right out the front door.. to the right there are Wendy's, Burger King and some local food places. Nice if you want something less formal ( and expensive) than the hotel. Also, right next door is the Inter-Continental. We played at their casino but I would NOT recommend this hotel over the El San Juan. It is older and smelled musty. Some of the slot machines in the casino still used coins!!! However, half of the hotel rooms do have the ocean view as they face the ocean. On the left side of the hotel is Lupi's a fun bar for a beer, nacho';s etc. Also, there is a Denny's ( we went there for breakfast one morning) and the Ritz. The Rtiz has a great casino that serves soup and sandwiches right on the casino floor! We had the best meal while we were in Puerto Rico at the Ritz at the Il Forno restaurant. (Italian) This meal was so delicious,the restaurant was very romantic and was the highlight of the food portion of our trip. Make reservations and eat there, you will not be disappointed. All in all, I think that the El San Juan has been given a very bad and undeserved poor review. Our experience was nothing but wonderful I will go back again and hopefully stay in the oceanfront lanais. ( the newest and most expensive!). Enjoy your trip and don't let bad reviews spoil the anticipation of your vacation.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CruisinFlorida
<Content>El San What? Recently my family and I had occasion to visit the El San Juan before embarking on a cruise to the Southern Caribbean. After hearing rave reviews from others who had either stayed at the resort or visited the casino, we decided to give it a try. Unfortunately, the reviews were not well founded. Upon arriving at the hotel around 2:00 in the afternoon and waiting on line at a reception area that at all times was inadequately manned, we met with a reception clerk who should be greeting customers in a parking garage cashier's office, not the front desk of a hotel. We were thereafter told that check in time was 4 pm and that our room was not ready. I found it somewhat hard to believe that a hotel of this size would not have any rooms that were cleaned by such time, but unfortuntely this clerk was not about to go out of her way to help us out. In fact, upon arrival at the desk, she made us stand there for several minutes while she attended to other affairs without even acknowledging our presence. Other visits to the front desk were oftentimes met with the same greeting. Nevertheless, after an hour or so, we were finally told that a room was available and that it was an upgrade from what we had reserved. We were then given the key to a room which I would not have allowed my dog to stay in. First, the room was not an upgrade as I recalled that rooms in the building at issue were less expensive than the room we had reserved. Second the room was dark, damp and dank. Certainly not the accomodation one would expect at a major resort hotel. After promptly returning to the front desk to advise them of our concerns and of course waiting quite some time to speak with another clerk, we were given a room in the tower which is what we had reserved in the first place. While more open and brighter, this room was nothing to write home about. We found at least one towel in the bath room dirty and the floor was filfthy with hairs and other materials everywhere. Additionally, the bathroom was tiny and very dark. After quickly changing, we rushed to the beach where we found various personnel clearing chairs. While we searched for some chairs for ourselves not one person approached us to assist. The lobby is somewhat eclectic and the casino staff played their games at a snail's pace. We had dinner at the Palm restaurant located in the lobby. While dinner was good, we certainly did not need to travel to Puerto Rico to eat there since we have a Palm restaurant close to where we live. All in all, there must be better choices in San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>swingchickie
<Content>Great experience at the El San Juan Just had to add my own review of the El San Juan now that my BF and I are back from spending a week there last week... We read so many negative reviews on here, we were a little worried about our vacation, but we had a great time. Here's my scoop:Rooms: we stayed in the main tower, and the rooms are just as gorgeous as on their website. Clean, modern, spacious. We had no issues with water splashing out of the shower, we just made sure the curtain was pulled in all the way. The walls are rather thin, and for some reason people tend to slam their doors (the doors don't automatically slam shut), so if you're a light sleeper you should be aware of that. We thought it was hysterical that the hotel actually provides earplugs in a little El San Juan case, just in case you need them.Restaurants: I can't say this strongly enough -- Koco (the modern Caribbean restaurant) is PHENOMENAL. The best meal of our vacation, so good we went back for the final night of our trip. First time we shared all the appetizers as our meal, second time we had a couple of apps and then got entrees. Everything we ate there was oh my god, TRY this! good, and the service was great as well. The Italian restaurant was nice, the staff is actually from Italy and very service-oriented. The pizza in the pizza place was nummy (they make their crust with garlic in it) and the lunch menu at the pool, while limited and expensive, was pretty decent. The sushi restaurant was a bit overrated, we've had better sushi here in Philadelphia. (We saw some people getting sushi and pizza delivered to them at the pool, not a bad idea if you don't want to order off the pool menu.)Pool and beach: the pools are very nice, the area is beautifully landscaped and the piped-in latin ambient lounge music makes the whole scene very relaxing and hip. we happened to be at the hotel on a slower week, so we had no issues with getting a lounge chair... as a matter of fact, we switched to different areas of the pool as the day went on, to make sure we had an umbrella that was shading us well (that sun is strong!). [If you can afford it, splurge on one of the cabanas by the pool with the swim-up bar -- for $800 you get a fridge full of water and juices, a massive fruit tray with mangoes and strawberries, a full-sized pitcher of sangria (which lasted us all day, it was so big), a flat-screen TV, a speaker dock for your iPod, extra towels, and attentive service for food and other bar drinks (food and other drinks aren't part of the charge). Not to mention shade when you need to go inside, and 4 lounge chairs reserved for you right there.] We arrived on a very busy Sunday, but were still able to find 2 lounge chairs and an umbrella by just asking one of the pool stewards and tipping him a few dollars. Drink service around the pool was slow, so we just walked up to the bar and ordered our drinks there. No biggie. The beach is really nice, you can rent an umbrella for $10... and you will definitely get a few sand flea bites, that just comes with the territory in Puerto Rico. Staff: we found the staff to be very friendly and helpful no matter where we went. Everyone on staff said hi to us as we passed them on the property. We mentioned one day that the guests staying next to us the night before had been rather loud, and the front desk clerk was upset that we hadn't mentioned it to them because they would have taken care of it for us. The bartenders at each pool are super-nice, especially at the swim-up bar. Service in every restaurant was very attentive. Got excellent massages in the rooftop spa, and when I was accidentally charged the wrong massage rate, they immediately fixed it on my bill with no complaint. (If you book a massage online before your stay, double-check rates with them because some of the prices on there are wrong.)Other things to note: there is no smoking on the property, except for on the beach or in a room off of the hotel entrance (this is a Puerto Rico law, no smoking in public, not even by the pool). There is a dress code in the evenings, they like to maintain a nice atmosphere in the lobby since it's part bar/nightclub then. People also like to look nice by the pool, regardless of shape or size... the couple of Budweiser shirts, or t-shirts with sayings on them, that we saw looked completely out of place.All in all, we had a great time. We went into our vacation with the intent of just relaxing and going with the flow, and I think that made our stay as nice as it was... we weren't in a rush for our food or drinks by the pool, we woke up early enough to grab breakfast and lounge chairs by the pool, and didn't need everyone checking with us constantly to see if we needed anything. We were nice to the staff, and we tipped well, so they were good to us in return. If, for your vacation, you want to wake up at 11am and still have plenty of lounge chairs to choose from, no lines at the bar, and people jumping to fill your every need, then going to one of the most popular resorts in the Caribbean during the high season probably isn't a good idea. (My BF and I saw a number of people being rude to the staff throughout our stay, and we were horrified.) We'd certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>usa08
<Content>Not so sure... I went for a 5 days get away bymy self to San Juan, upon my check in the Front desk told me my room was not ready so i changed and went to the beach to relex, after 1 hour they called to inform the room was ready, so i got checked in. The room was stunning with a beautifu view, but when i look at the sheets i realized they were dirty and with blood stain also the bathroom amenities were never replaced and still had the previous guest hair on it. Disgusting! room was very dusty and full of hair everywhere. They didnt have any robes or slippers in the room.The pools are beautiful, the pool chairs are very confortable but other guests wake up at 6 am and put their towels in the chair and leave so when you look for a chair to lay down they are all occupied by towels and never guests, the hote should not allow this. Service by the pool is very slow and they close at 5pm, very early.I work for hotels so i can definetely tell that this hotel is not worth for the amount of money we pay to stay there, I am likely to go back to San juan but never to this hotel, it is a 24/7 party hotel, i had a lot of noise from other drunk guests on the hallway, i was very dissapointed but apart from that Puerto Rico is amazing!! If you are looking for a more relaxing place try el conquistador in Fajardo, just a 40 min drive from San juan and they also have beautiful beaches and most of snorkeing and scuba tours leaves from there!But the hotel El san juan, never again!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>mcb58
<Content>Something's Not Right Here My wife and I needed a quick break, so we booked a 4 day weekend stay directly from the hotel web-site. It is such a huge plus that this resort is so close to the airport-you can get your bags and be on the beach in 15 minutes....but....We specifically reserved a 'Garden Lanai' room, because thats the kind of setting we prefer when we go to an island. But even tho we went down on the first flight in the morning out of Newark, and arrived at the front desk at 11:30 (long before check-in time) we were informed that all the Lanai rooms were booked, and we were getting an upgrade to the Tower. Now, if I wanted to stay in a casino tower, I would have rather driven to Atlantic City. And what was considered an 'upgrade' from the garden was quite funny- a very small room NEXT TO THE ELEVATOR (noise all night long) and the smallest bathroon that I have seen outside of a boat. When we expressed our dissatisfaction to the front desk, the only answer was that all the reservations are really on a 'best-efforts' basis, and at no point over the 4 days were we able to get into one of the garden rooms.Getting a place by the pool is as competitive as getting a seat on New Jersey Transit at rush hour. If you dont park something on chairs by the pool by 7am, you are out of luck. But there is a 'guard' who will move things out of the way to make room for tip-paying latecomers, even if the people who had been in the chairs happen to be having breakfast 50 feet away!!!Very very strange way of treating customers......  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>Beantowntrekker
<Content>Manage your expections... We stayed at the ESJ for three nights at the end of March. I was reading the reviews here and got frightened--either they are glowing or awful and I was afraid to take the chance. We couldn't get into our alternate choice hotel and had to stay here. We requested the newly renovated tower upon our arrival and were told that we could have a room there, but that the room wasn't ready yet. That was fine with us, but at around 6pm we wanted to check in after hanging out at the pool, I went in to check and see if our room was ready. It wasn't, however the manager upgraded us to a suite on the third floor. It was essentially two rooms combined. It was clean and no bed bugs in sight. We really cannot complain--though I was afraid at first that we weren't in the tower. My overall comments about the ESJ. I think that this property was let go a few years ago and they are now trying to bring it back up to it's former glory--this is going to take some time. I believe in a couple of years, it will be what people expect. Service and cleanliness are adequate, but keep in mind, this is not a Disney World location. Yes, the pool deck should be hosed off every day, but it's not. The oceanside lounges need to be replaced, the hallways in the hotel itself need to be vacuumed more consistently than they are, the beach area could be raked from debris/cigarette butts, etc. It's kind of like a grande dame that needs a face lift.That said, the hotel lobby with the four bars, casino and restaurants provide a great place to find a seat at night and people watch. It's definitely a 'scene' and I'm glad that we stayed there. Note that there really is no breakfast place there--a Starbucks kiosk and a larger storefront around the back are there--but no real sit-down, reasonable place for breakfast--that would be on my wish list for this place. The hotel does provide a restaurant (Aquos I think is the name) that serves breakfast--but oatmeal is $14, so clearly they aren't relying, or don't want, a breakfast crowd. We stayed at three hotels during our week-long stay in PR, and each one was very different--we are glad that we stayed here.(My other reviews will appear for the Copamarina and the Wyndham Rio Mar.)  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>eurovoyageur
<Content>1 week at the El San Juan - LOVED IT! I just returned from a fabulous 1 week holiday in Puerto Rico. I'll admit I was a little apprehensive about the ESJ based on travelers reviews I had read but this hotel exceeded my expectations. I stayed in the Tower (5th floor), in a standard room with two beds and it was immaculately clean, quite spacious and quiet. Here are some of the great features....1) Perfect location (Isla Verde) for a vacation - just far enough from city to be able to relax and 10 minutes by car to Condado/Old San Juan. ESJ is right on the beach.2) Great beach, ocean is lovely and warm, no worries about undertow or overly large waves. 3) Beautiful grounds with palm trees, orchids, banyon trees, just breathtaking.4) Lots of action in the lobby (music, dancing etc) especially on weekends. Whether you participate or not (I didn't) I liked the Latin spirit of this place and the feeling you were actually in San Juan. This hotel is a true original.5) Lovely staff, especially when you take the time to smile and say hello. The Puerto Ricans are wonderful and warm people- make the effort to get to know a few.Here is a response to some of the criticisms:1) There are NO bedbugs. There are what they call no see 'ums on the beach, especially early or late in the day. Make sure you get a chair when on the beach (don't sit on a towel on the beach) and if you are the kind of person who tends to get bitten (ie: by mosquitos) bring repellent. I got a few bites, my friend was only bitten once. A small price to pay :)2) Yes, the hotel is older and no, maybe it's not really a business hotel. But I saw business people in the lobby each morning accessing the internet with their computers, Starbucks coffee in hand. Clearly they managed and they looked pretty content in doing so.3) On only one day in seven, there was a lot of seaweed near the shore - not sure why (wind, tides??) but it was gone the next day.4) Yes, things might get done a little more slowly at ESJ....much like the rest of San Juan and probably Puerto Rico in general. But things do get done. I quite liked the pace and came home completely relaxed. Take it easy, it's good for you.If you want a hotel just like the ones in any large U.S. City maybe this isn't the one for you. But if you're willing to scratch the surface and have a real cultural experience - I highly recommend the El San Juan. I'll go back.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>arlenepoo93
<Content>1 star service for 5 star price never again The hotel lobby is aesthetically pleasing and thats the only good thing i can say about the hotel .I had booked my room well in advanced and when we arrived they were overbooked and i couldnt get the room that i booked,I had to settle for another room which they called and upgrade, It seemed like a down grade to me. It took me 5 times to complain to front desk to have the phone in my room fixed it was out of order when i finally got to actually get into the room almost 2 hours after check in time. The hotel has several beautiful pools and lounge chairs but people wake up at 6 am and place beach towels on the lounge chairs and hold onto the chairs all day and barely sit in them but nobody else can use them because they have their personnel belongings on them ,The hotel should not allow that. The pool bar does not have enough employees, it takes 4 ever to get someone to give you a menu and then the person is so overwhelmed they act like your bothering them .The pool bars close way to early and check in is way to late 4pm ,and on top of that we had to wait almost 2 hours after check in to get our room During my stay of 6 days 7 nights every time i went past the front desk in the main lobby there was always a line of people waiting and half the line was there to complain about something ,which after my first day and so far bad experience did not surprise me. I will never again stay at this hotel, not even if they paid me to stay there!!!! If your looking for a nice hotel 4 stars great service and no overcrowding RINCON OF THE SEAS GRAND CARIBBEAN HOTEL in rincon northwest side of the island . You can even get rice and beans at their hotel restaurant. You go to puerto rico to experience the latin experience and SAN JUAN has turned so commerical and tourist ridden you cant find traditional puertorrican cuisine maybe in only 2 restaurants in OLD SAN JUAN, but donot hold your breath about finding it in the EL SAN JUAN HOTEL  CASINO .Read my review and take my advice because im not a picky person but i have stayed in 5 star hotels all over the world and ive never been this dissapointed.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>anton
<Content>Never ever again will we stay at this hotel!!!! My husband is from PR and we have stayed at many, many hotels while going to PR to visit family over the last 20 years. Also we are very extensive travelers throughout the US and the tropics. We stayed at the Hotel El San Juan 12 of us were staying there (different dates) for my step-daughter's wedding. By the second day, I found myself saying 'I'm sick of staying at such a nice hotel, paying the prices we were paying for room, food, drinks and then we were reprimanded every time we turned around. The ONLY positive I can say is that the housekeeping staff is very good. First time that I've ever stayed in a hotel housekeeping is the highlight of the hotel.Front desk, concierge, bartenders, casino workers, waitresses, waiters, pool attendents and the people working in the hotel shops were beyond rude and VERY much not customer orientated in fact I feel (all of us felt) very much abused and they could care less if we had a complaint in fact it got to the point that they could care less that we were even there. I did collect names of management that I fully intend on writing a letter to the Wyndham chain.If you are even considering going to this hotel, do so just to see the lobby and hear the music - that is the only plus - don't bother with odering a drink - very expensive and very rude bartenders that actually yell at you if you are not properly dressed. The last couples to arrived were walking through the hotel after stepping off the plane to then get their room but wanted a dring (4 drinks - $56.00 and unfortunately I tiped the rude bartender). Granted it is posted that after 7:00 pm you are to be in proper attire - no problem with that but if you need to walk through the lobby to your room after 7:00 and just getting off an airplane - even after explaining this they acted as though they were doing us such a huge favor. Excuse me but if it wasn't for US TOURISTS this hotel would not be in business and I think this is what the management needs to teach their employees - short staffed or not (which I never heard). We all came to the conclusion if you want the status of a 4 star hotel you need to offer more then 1 star service (being generous).Next time I'll stay at the Holiday Inn or the Embassy Suites or the Ritz or possibly the Condado area - heck I'd stay at a Quality Inn before I'd stay at this hotel again. Droppping $3,500 in 3-5 days for 6 of us and not counting what the other couples spent - we'll for sure take our business elsewhere and possibly not even back to PR - at least for any type of vacation.Dr. and Mrs. Peter Antonacopoulos  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	1	1	1	

<Author>LarryF
<Content>Very Disappointed I stayed at the El San Juan Hotel 13 years ago and thought it was one of the best hotels in the world. It's unique design and look as a Havana Hotel was incredible. The rooms were the best part as they were the ultimate comfortable room in look and design with dark woods, dark colors that made you feel like you were in a very cozy warm room.I was so excited to be staying there last week and couldn't wait to experience the Havana get a way again. I was shocked when I got there. The new owners have ruined the hotels look! It is almost blasphemous what they did. Fortunately they did not remove or paint over the beautiful dark wood walls and ceiling in the lobby, but they changed the furniture to Miami art deco couches and chairs and they are so impractical, they are not close to being functional or comfortable. If that wasn't bad enough, I couldn't help but laugh at the design of the guest rooms. The deep rich carpet has been replaced with white slate type tile. The walls are white, the furniture is white and totally unfunctional with their deco art design. The room feels so cold and hollow I could never get comfortable. Shame on the new owners for ruining such as classic great hotel!The pool and beach area is very nice and the service throughout the hotel was very good as well. Someone staying at the hotel for the first time will probably not have a problem with the changes, but for those who have stayed there and loved the unique ambiance, you will be very disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	-1	5	3	3	5	4	

<Author>PolinaTokyo
<Content>Horrible service and dirty rooms When we booked this hotel, we specifically asked for a room in the recently renovated tower building of the hotel. The availability and reservation was confirmed to us in writing. However, as we were checking in, the hotel clerk informed us that they oversold the tower rooms, and they could only put us in the garden area.We asked to speak to the manager who had a very unpleasant dismissive attitude towards us, but finally promised to try to move us to the tower the next day. The garden area room was old looking, which could have still be OK, but on top of that it was really dirty - pubic hair in the bathtub, hair all over sink, two chipped nails on the floor, etc. Have never seen such a low level of cleanliness even at a 2-3 star hotel, but that was a 4star! We requested twice for somebody to clean the room, and even though we were promised a quick clean-up both times, nobody ever came. The next day we were moved to the tower after bugging the manager about it, which was nicer. But I would never stay at this hotel again and would avdise you to skip it as well. It's understaffed, the staff is really unpleasant to deal with, and at least some of the rooms are badly cleaned.I submitted my feedback to the hotel after the trip, but nobody has even sent us a standard e-mail to apologize for the bad experience we had  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>travelingSavage
<Content>Great Girlfriend Getaway!       room  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>prettyritz
<Content>Beware Ritz lovers - don't stay here After staying at the Ritz here in June 07 we wer eager to come back to Puerto Rico so when my husband received info on a conference here we leaped at the opportunity. We debated on staying at the Ritz again vs the El San Juan where the conference was being held. The room rate was around $400 per night more for Ritz concierge level so we made what turned out to be a poor decision based solely on $$$ and booked at the El San Juan (they had a package to receive a 5th night free). A friend said he stayed there in the past and it was fine. If I had followed my usual routine and readTrip Advisor reviews we would have made a different decision and booked at the Ritz - foolish me. We chose a La Vista tower room because they were renovated. While there we visited a non-renovated garden lanai room Access to the pool was great (right out a patio door), however, the rooms are very much in need of updating (dark, dingy, icky tile, etc. - also the room key doesn't work on the patio door so you have to go around to the front to get back in from the pool unless you leave it unlocked). The trip wasn't what I would call a disaster, however, if you are accustomed to the level of service at a Rtiz property, the El San Juan is not for you. We arrived at 2pm and were told our room may not be ready until 4 pm check -in but they would call us soon as it was ready. We rechecked at 3:45 and it still wasn't ready. By 5:00 we noticed others just walking in and receiving rooms right away and we still had not received a call. We again approached and only then were given a room right next to the elevator. It was only about 4 feet away from the elevator door that we passed it by. When we asked for another room they did not even try to hide their displeasure with our request. Throughout our stay we heard this same story over and over about the delays in checking in. We ended up on 4th floor 5 doors down from the elevator. Our beautiful view was the roof of the lobby with all its A/C equipment, etc. When I made reservations they said the only difference in the next room level up was that it was a higher floor. I just closed the drapes and never opened them again. The room itself was clean and an average size. It had been remodeled and had a tile floor which was much better to me than carpeting. However, the bathroom was very small, no tub, only a pedestal sink and a tiny shower that another reviewer aptly noted leaked all over the floor. There was no full length mirror in the room. Our package included 2 complimentary drinks and $25 casino credit. We did not receive the amenities at check-in, however, we requested it on our 2nd day and they complied. The first 2 nights we were awoken after the casino closed at 4 am by boisterous guests out in the hall. We complained via our cell phone because the room phone was dead (I had to unplug it to use the outlet for something else - because the room had no other outlets - and didn't plug it back in.) They would not listen to our concerns because we were not calling from a room. We heard doors slamming and people in the hall all through the 5 nights we were there - not peaceful at all. If you want a restful night you would have to bring earplugs with you. I will briefly list other cons. To get a lounge chair you had to get out there before 7 am. We learned that many come out early as 4 am to lay towels and claim chairs. Supposedly if a chair is unattended for 20 minutes the staff open it up, but we saw this happen only on our 4th day after many people complained. There was patio space for more chairs so I don't know why they had out such a limited number. Also, upon questioning staff we learned they had 4 chairs reserved for investors that were never occupied for 2 days. Bar service for both drinks and lunch was only for very patient guests. They were never busy, never in a hurry, totally apathetic to guest needs. The fitness center was average (thankfully, no extra charge for it). However, to get to it you had to sign in at the spa. One day the attendant did not even look up and greet us. Needless to say, there is no daily newspaper or turndown service, no robes, no slippers, no shower cap. They did have shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and lotion that smelled good. The onsite deli/pizzeria in the adjacent Galleria advertised to open at 11 am didn't open till 11:30 am. The food and service at the Palm Restaurant were superb. Our reservation had been lost and the manager treated us to dessert. The great table promised at the in-house Italian restaurant was actually right on top of a very noisy table and a family (the child behaved better than the adults on the other side). There was also a party of 12 in the room that was very, very loud. The food was excellent, the service below average and the ambiance poor. If you go there request a free standing table in the dining room with a window. The onsite Smoker's Suite supposed to open at 5 pm was still closed at 6 pm on Saturday night. Concierge said it was a concession and there was nothing they could do. Also, taxes and resort fees added almost $100 per day to the daily room rate. Pros - drink prices were very reasonable and very potent. The housekeeping staff did an excellent job. Management walking floor in hotel were friendly. In summary, if you love the way every staff person at the Ritz ends a sentence with my pleasure and you know they mean it - spend the extra and stay there. It is worth every dollar.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lori111
<Content>Had a good time. We enjoyed our stay and found the service to be friendly but somewhat slow. The hotel and pool were beautiful and very clean. The food was excellent but a bit pricy. The drinks were strong, yummy but also expensive. We found it somewhat loud but it was spring break so we did not anticipate a quiet getaway. Tips: Get to the pool by 7am to reserve nice chairs and than stay with your things past 9am or they will move your things. There were children here but it's not really designed for children. They have the beach and the pool but at night it's very limited other than the excellent band in the lobby. I would venture out at night for the kids. The beach is great and right there but when we visited the smaller more remote parts of the island(s) before the beaches were calmer so you could see through the water. I like that better. The oceanview rooms are decorated beautifully and are very comfortable but I would have liked a balcony to sit and admire the view. Instead I had to stand at the door. Not so relaxing. Overall it was a fun trip for a long weekend.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>ILOVETHESUN222
<Content>Horribile Service...Not Recommended My boyfriend and I stayed at the ESJ for a long weekend during Easter. The hotel itself was nice but the service was horrible. Our room was newly renovated but taking a shower was extremely uncomfortable. The shower was smaller than a closet and the bathroom flooded after every shower because there is no shower door and the curtain does not do any justice. The pool area was nice but if you were not up and outside by 7 am you did not get a chair by the pool. The staff was very unaccomadating when requesting chairs and the cabana's (which there are only 2) are $800 for the day; weekends and weekdays. The service at the bars located by the pool was horrible, unless waiting over 15 minutes to order a drink at an empty bar is normal for you. The room service and outside bars have awrful extremely overpriced food. Coming from New York I do not have a problem spending $50-$100 for breakfast or lunch; I did have a problem spending that kind of money for sub par food. Also, when ordering room service the staff will come into your room to retrieve the trays. They give you a quick knock and then feel free to enter, I found that to be extremely rude. On our last day there I requested a late check out (mind you it was a Tuesday) and I was told the best they could do is move it from 12 to 1pm. I then asked how much it would cost for an extra night; without even checking the computer I was told $565 because it's such short notice. Unreal.. The hotel also charges additional fees (taxes  resort) that roughly adds $70 per day to your stay.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. If traveling to San Juan stay at the Ritz; the ESJ states to be just as nice but not in my eyes.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Cruzangirl
<Content>So So Stay at the El San juan My husband and I just returned yesterday from an anniversary weekend at the El San Juan. We have mixed feelings about our stay. So I will list the pros and then the cons. We think there are better choices, and although our stay was not awful, it wasn't great either.On past visits we have enjoyed the EL Convento (Boutique Hotel) and Marriott Condado much more than El San Juan.The pros:Our room was in the main building. It was spacious and decorated in an ultra modern decor. The room was clean. The bath products were nice. The linens and towels were above average quality. The room had a flat screen TV. The hotel pool area was very nice as was the adjacent beach.Dinner at the Japanese restaurant Yamato was excellent. The breakfast at the hotel's Las Terrazas restaurant was of good quality.Now the cons; the rooms are not sound proofed, so all night long we heard doors slamming, loud guests returning to their rooms and TV's from the adjacent rooms. We talked to some other guests who had experienced the same problem on another floor.In order to get a pool side lounge chair you must claim it by 7:30 am. There are not enough lounges for all of the guests. There was still plenty of empty space to place more chaise lounges, but instead people were hovering like vultures for lounge chairs to become available.Lastly the lunch at the grill took 2 hours from the time the order was taken until it arrived. Everyone was complaining. We ordered one salad and one burger. The waitress was apologetic and even brought us complimentary lemonade because it was getting to be a ridiculous wait. We are used to slow service in the Caribbean but this was beyond slow. Granted it was a holiday weekend, but that should have been taken into consideration when staffing the grill. We probably would not stay at the El San Juan again. There are better choices in San Juan.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>wrldtrvller
<Content>Loved the Hotel - very hip feel I had a great time at this hotel. Although it was a bit pricey i felt it was worth the money. The entire staff was very friendly and did everything i asked for. The shops and casino were great. I also loved the Palm restaurant in the hotel. they have some of the best steak and lobster anywhere. the nightclub in the hotel was also a very good time. they did a great job remodeling as the rooms and entire hotel were done very nicely. relaxing by the pool had a very hip feeling and kind of felt like South Beach, Miami. Overall, I had a great time and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkTravel21
<Content>**A True Nightmare--Don't Stay Here If You Want Peace  Do not stay at this hotel if you want peace  quiet! (Or if you have children) We were unable to sleep for several nights because the walls were very thin...could here our neighbors both upstairs and downstairs (one night they were fighting and the police was called!) and...there are parties at the hotel pool that last until all hours of the night..Our room was literally vibrating from the music, even though we were on a high floor. The staff at the front desk was rude and not apologetic--Management reduced our room rate for a few nights, but it didn't make up for our stressful stay and lack of sleep.Stay at the Ritz or Intercontinental instead--all are on the same beach  have similar rates depending on when you travel  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>LauraEL
<Content>Disappointing My husband and I (who travel extensively) were excited about visiting the El San Juan. Though our 7th trip to Puerto Rico, this was our first time in the Isla Verde area. The first 24 hours were pretty awful. The room (garden lanai -- and we paid mucho withtaxes and resort fees) was shabby with smudged walls and aging furniture. We found out later that these rooms had not yet been renovated. Our Hotel Directory binder was empty. When I enquired at the desk I was told that those rooms didn't get a directory. For $500+/night that seemed rather atrocious. There are signs everywhere that say the hotel is a non-smoking facility yet we had an ashtray and matches with the ESJ logo on our desk. The front desk seemed unconcerned. A private party the first night subjected us to loud rock music until late in the evening. The wireless internet was unbearable slow even when it worked, which wasn't often. The front desk staff were not particularly friendly. I was ready to go home after the first day.After that I warmed up a little to the place. It is true that there was little service there -- the room didn't get done until afternoon, there was no turndown service, no bathrobes -- the things you associate with luxury hotels. The bottle of water supplied would cost $10 if you used it. I did not have problems with bedbugs at all. The bed was comfortable and changed daily. The public areas are lovely, etc. Would I stay there again? Not sure. A different or more recently renovated room would be better, though the service seemed slow and sometimes non-existent.Breakfast was good and not too pricy, we only ate at the Agave Ranch which wasn't bad but (again) had an utter lack of any kind of service. I am NOT a whiner -- I have been all over everywhere and have many bases of comparison and the ESJ certainly came up short. Since many reviews are favorable, perhaps they need more consistency in how things are run.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>AlliJo1980
<Content>Somewhat disappointed... We were really excited about staying at this hotel b/c it looked so nice on the website. The hotel lobby and pool area were definitely impressive but our room left something to be desired. We had booked the cheapest room (which still wasn't cheap) but when we checked in got upgraded to a casita with a private terrace. It was definitely nice having the terrace to go directly out to the pool, however, the room was in desperate need of renovation. It was clean, but the furniture was banged up, paint was peeling off the walls, etc., which was very surprising for a hotel that is listed as being four stars. It was an alright stay but we really enjoyed our resorts in Rincon and Guanica much better, and they were cheaper!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>LSULL
<Content>Not woth the money!! Was at the hotel from march 6-10th on bachelor party and, I have to say was very dissappointed at the service we received from the staff. To make this short I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>EHB
<Content>What a joke! I booked three rooms almost 5 months ago. When we got there, not only had they screwed up the rooms, but they had overbooked the hotel! The mgmt could not fix their mistake and only offered a refund on the hotel. Thank god for the Ritz, who saved our trip. We moved over there and ended up having a wonderful time. Instead, we went back to the ESJ just to laugh at how cheesy and chaotic the hotel was. Dont make reservations here, they will disappoint you and ruin your well planned trip.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Phillagirl
<Content>Dirty and Loud Hotel I went to this hotel on business. I got in at about 4:00 with others from our group and many rooms were not ready. My room was but when I got to my room the toilet seat was up and was used/dirty. The floors were also dirty with hair and dirt from the prior guest. Just GROSS! I left the room for a meeting and told the cleaning people that my room needed to be finnished-up and swept/mopped. They said ok and left my door open to clean. When I got back an hour latter, my door was closed, but the room was not cleaned. SO..they did not even bother cleaning up after the prior guest after being informed!!!! Also all of the rugs thru the hotel were very dirty, like they had never been swept or vaccumed. The meeting rooms were dirty and had a very bad odor of room freshener that was obviously covering-up something that smelled even worse. Location was nice and decor cvery cool, but would not stay there ever again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>rgscas
<Content>excellent vacation my wife and i stayed at the el san juan feb. 12 thru feb. 16 and had a wonderful time. the staff was very helpful and nice, the food was great, and the room was spotless and quiet (822). the pools were very nice as was the beach. the lobby is awesome. even though i lost a few bucks at the casino, i thought that it was nice too. i only have 1 negative comment about our stay and one heads-up. the shower is poorly designed as other posts have pointed out. water does accumulate on the floor so have extra towels ready. the heads-up is this: should you choose to use the mini fridge for personal items ( we had bought juice and water down the street) they will charge you for removing their stuff to keep your stuff cold. ( $10.00 per day) however , when we found this out after the first day, our maid tore up the bill. i would recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYJerseyboy
<Content>great for quick get away Went to ESJ for quick get away with 2 other couples. Rooms were clean and nice, pool area was excellent and beach beautiful. $20 to play tennis is a bit silly,and service at lunch was touch and go. Cannot beat the location for a quick get away.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pickyvacationer
<Content>pleasantly surprised! We stayed here for 5 nights 1/25-1/30. My husband and I needed an adult only get away, first time without kids in a while. After reading the terrible things here, I almost cancelled the trip. Glad I didn't. Went with low expectations and was definitely happy with the results. We asked for a quiet room upon checkin after reading about the paper thin walls. We were given room 504 all the way at the end of the hallway in the back corner. It was great because you didn't hear any traffic noise in the hallway. It couldn't have been any cleaner. I checked the mattress for bedbugs first thing. Nothing! Please don't believe the horrible reviews. The staff everywhere could not have been nicer or more helpful. We had a great dinner at Yerba Buena one night. About a 15$ cab ride. Great sangria and authentic PR food. Overall, very satisfied. We have travelled all over the Carribean, Mexico and Hawaii, and this was good for an adult only long weekend away because of the short non stop flight. We would have gone to eat in Old San Juan more often if we didn't save it for our last day to check it out. Basically I would recommend the El San Juan.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>wheretonext77
<Content>Read My Review - Honest Opinion!       pool beds  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>junebugsrbig
<Content>No Problems for us...We liked this hotel My wife and I just returned from our Honeymoon. We went to St. Thomas and Purto Rico. We stayed at the El San Juan for 5 nights in late January/early February. We were very surprised to see the other reviews about poor service and bed bugs. We did not encounter any of this. We enjoyed our stay. I'm no travel expert, just an ordinary person who travels a couple times a year. Honestly, this hotel was very nice with above average service.There are 3 very nice looking bar areas when you walk in. A casino is immediately to the right. Everything was very well landscaped and kept up nicely. We stayed in the Garden Villas on the 100 level. NO PROBLEMS WITH BED BUGS!. Reports about thin walls are true. I have to admit that. However, it was not that bad for us. The pool area does get crowded and the hotel definitely picks up on the weekends. However, the pool area is not so crowded that its unbearable. There are 2 separate pool areas and 3 separate hot tub areas. The beach and Atlantic Ocean are only a few steps from the far pool area. We encountered no problems with getting 2 pool chairs and were alone in the hot tubs most of the time. The bartenders at the pool bar were very helpful and courtious. The pool is open 24 hours! You just have to bring your own towel after 5PM. The only thing they are strict on is attire in the lobby after 7PM. Slacks and shoes are required. No tanks, swimming trunks, shorts or flip flops after 7PM. I had to change into pants one night. There is even a little shopping galleria inside the hotel.Good luck getting a table at the Casino on Friday or Saturday night. Or getting into the night club Bravia. The lobby and casino are crowded on Friday  Saturday nights. Get to the craps table early! Performers come in and sing and play music and folks can dance and hang out at the bars after 7PM. Much different during weeknights. More low key atmosphere during the week nights.The service at this hotel was great! Our flight got us in at 1PM, and the concierge/reception was able to get us checked in early. Our returning flight did not leave until 7PM and they also let us check out late.(3PM) The bell man were very helpful and valet attendants were excellent. One did not speak english very well, but was able to run a co-worker down in a matter of seconds to help us out. The pool manager even got towels for us one day. We didn't have to leave our pool chairs. Be prepared to pay resort prices for the drinks though. We were new to the Island and everybody was very helpful with reccomendations for restaurants  sights to see! Old San Juan is a must!Overall, this was a very good hotel. Not 100% blown away by excellence, no. The room decor was not entirely modern. Couple of stains on the carpet and our safe did not work properly most nights. The TV's are not high tech modern flat screens, just your basic 19 inch Magnavox with basic cable and a VCR. No DVD. However, nothing is perfect. I'm not on vacation to watch TV or be blown away by fancy furniture/decor. No Bed Bugs in our room! Nobody slipped something into our drinks. We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Very nice scenery. Great restaurants. Very helpful staff. We splurged one night and went to The Palm. Highly reccomended! Also, on the 10th floor is a neat cowboy/western theme type restaurant called Ranchers. Great food and atmosphere with a great view of the ocean. We would return to the El San Juan  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travelgirl721
<Content>Great Weekend Getaway If you live in the northeast this is a fast easy getaway for a long weekend. This was my third time visiting the El San Juan Hotel over 3 years and I will agree that the new lobby decor is very trendy and doesn't mesh at all with the existing wood work which is stunning. But the overall lobby atmosphere is great and full of energy. The rooms are very white  clean and the beds are comfy. But the showers need curtains to fill the gap. I was very concerned about bed bugs after reading the reviews  inspected my bed upon arrival and had no issues at all. On the 3rd day at the hotel I made my way to the beach and later noticed a few bites on my ankles, clearly from the beach....not the beds. The service in the only restaurant serving breakfast is VERY slow and basically forces you to order the $26 buffet because they never actually come around to take a food order. But all of the other staff from the front desk to the service at the pool (particularly our waitress Debbie) was excellent  attentive.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>iam_intrigued
<Content>Great Hotel with Amenities        fountain on property  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>beachbum116
<Content>No Bed Bugs....... Just a wonderful time Just got back from an extended weekend at the El San Juan. I was very nervous about my stay since reading all the reports of bed bugs. I even called the night before I was due to come down to express my concerns. They reassured us that this is not a problem and that they follow strict guidelines with extermination of a hotel of this size and reputation. The hotel lobby is beautiful. There are three lounges in the lobby, which gave this hotel alot of energy. The pool area is very lush and well maintained. Unfortunately, getting a lounge chair is a challenge, you do have to get down early to reserve them. The manager of the pool area was very helpful and accomodating. But I will agree some of the help was a bit unfriendly. I also felt that the bathrooms in the lobby and by the pool could have been kept cleaner. As far as the food at the hotel, we ate at both The Palms and the Italian restaurant and enjoyed them both. The service was fine. Had no problem when ordering room service, didnt wait more than a half hour. We ate at the pizza place for lunch one day and again the service was good , we did not wait long for our meal. I must mention when we were on the beach we were both bitten by tiny gnats which seem to come out later in the day.All in all the hotel was very nice and a pleasant suprise . It definately is worth a trip!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>marthae20
<Content>BELIEVE all the horrible reviews!!! This hotel has horrible service (from the lobby to the pool area), paper-thin walls, cheap decor, non-existent staff, unhelpful staff (that you can find), an ant-farm of a pool area, stained fabric on pool chairs, and ridiculous resort fees added to your bill. If you have an ounce of respect for your hard-earned money, don't waste it as this dump. LXR resorts, who bought this hotel from Wyndam, have taken a beautiful lobby and completely tried to modernize it by throwing in some neon blue lights and zebra sofas to accent the mahogany wood??? For a five-star hotel, the staff at the pool are not friendly, not interested in providing any type of service, and also pretty much non-existent. The hotel will put you in rooms near the elevator that they KNOW are loud due to the paper-thin walls. If you are lucky enough to get one of these rooms, your entire vacation will be ruined when you get no sleep due to the sound of a freight cart moving up and down all night on the other side of your wall. When you ask the hotel to help you out, they give you a woe is them tirade about how they are booked to capacity, etc-.--so somehow the fact that they cannot accommodate you, even though their business is service, is somehow your problem. Even when you get a new room in a few days of non-stop hounding them to please help you, the walls are so thin, you still will manage to get no sleep. The food at the hotel-run restaurants is terrible and so ridiculously overpriced. Stick to The Palm where you will at least get good food and service. I have stayed at the Ritz before in San Juan and it is well worth the money. TRUST ME---DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL IF YOU WANT TO ENJOY YOURSELF AT THE POOL, SLEEP, RELAX AND IF YOU WANT HOTEL STAFF TO BE USEFUL AND HELPFUL!!!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WT2008
<Content>Bed Bugs I stayed at the hotel this past weekend. Also returned home with bed bug bites. I didn't realize what they were until I had been home for a day. I have spent this entire week worrying that I have brought them home with me. So I have not been able to enjoy the benefit of a weekend away and have returned way more stressed than when I left. Service at the hotel is also not good. Had a problem with a room key that didn't work over and over I had to return to the lobby to have it re-set. Not enough people working at the bars/restaurants led to very slow service. Don't go to this hotel unless you want to be treated poorly by the staff and the bugs!!!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fourseasontravler
<Content>Check out the reviews BEFORE you stay at the El San Juan Hotel! Poor Customer Service and BED BUGS!!!!!!My husband  I just returned from a 5 night stay at the El San Juan Hotel  Casino in Carolina, PR.Our Experience: Upon arrival, we found our room to be less than clean. The remote control to the TV was not working and the thermostat was broken. We complained to the front desk and they said they would take care of it. The next day they fixed the remote and the thermostat. The maid came and went and the room was no cleaner than when we arrived. I left her a tip mid-stay to encourage better service and the toilet paper roll which was empty in the bathroom was not even replaced and the bathroom/vanity area floor and tub was still dirty. Multiple trips to the front desk to get my room key to work was frustrating.You had to get up at 7 a.m. to reserve a lounge at the pool because the guests would go down and put towels on them and not return until several hours later or not at all. Some guests would just come and remove your things and put their own stuff down and when you returned, your chairs, towels and personal items were moved. The hotel did nothing to enforce a time limit on how long you could hold a lounge which created fights among customers and a stressful environment. After all, you go on vacation to relax. Who wants to worry about getting up at 7 a.m. so that you can get your place in the sun!The lounges against the beach were full of ants and there was an open sewer behind us and every time the wind blew in our direction, we almost gagged. We complained to the management and they tried to get the cover on the sewer but it didn鈥檛 fit so they threw towels over the open parts.The pool area bar and outside restaurant did not have enough servers. There was only one particular waiter that was great. When he wasn鈥檛 there, it was all down hill. We sat down to eat lunch and waited over 20 minutes and when no one came to take our order, we got up and moved to the bar to order. We waited another 15 minutes before the bartender even acknowledged us and then witnessed a fight between another customer and the bartender because the other customer had been standing there for 20 minutes just waiting to order a drink. The bartender told him if he didn鈥檛 like it, to go to another bar鈥e left in a huff. We finally got our lunch, but my $15 burger was cold and not at all good.Prices are very high considering the level of service and comfort. Our first breakfast cost us $65.00 (eggs, coffee and juice) and it was nothing exceptional. Wasn't looking for a bargain, just good food and service.We went to the Italian Restaurant (La Piccola Fontana) in the hotel lobby. Pretty place, nice ambiance, usually good food, good service. There was a fly in my husbands water. Ok, that happens. We brought it to the waiter鈥檚 attention and he removed the glass, apologized after he made a joke about not charging extra for the fly and brought my husband a new glass. I then found a crab barb embedded in one of my shrimp. When I brought this to the attention of the waiter, he apologized and said thank God I didn't choke on it. At the end of the meal, they brought us complimentary drinks. We were ok with the little mishaps and went into the lobby bar after dinner. About a half hour later, my husband said he felt sick and had to go to the room. We never left the room and he spent the whole night in the bathroom. We complained to the front desk manager the next morning and she said she knew the owner of the restaurant and that she would mention it to him and we would get a call. No call ever came, no follow-up to us was ever made by either the hotel or the restaurant owner (not sure if they even got the message).Perhaps the most disturbing concern is the bites that we got all over our bodies. I went to the doctor when I returned and he confirmed that it was bed bug bites. We have pictures but not sure if appropriate to post because of the locations of most of them. Our room # was 363. In addition to itching and applying cortisone to all my bites, I spent two whole nights after our return, washing EVERYTHING we brought with us whether or not we wore it and storing our suitcases outside in the cold just in case any of the critters decided to 鈥渉itchhike鈥?home with us. THIS was no vacation!We filled out the customer survey that was sent to my husband via email and no one has contacted us about it as yet.The hotel grounds itself are very pretty and it would be a wonderful place to stay if there weren't so many other serious issues to be dealt with. We would not return to this hotel, nor recommend it to others. They may have renovated the lobby and the rooms in the main building but they need to get a handle on customer service and attitude of their wait-staff and they need to INSPECT and CLEAN their rooms! No one should go home with Bed Bug BITES!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	5	1	-1	

<Author>ElSaxiDad
<Content>Do Not Go To This Place!!! There are some people writing reviews that say don't listen to the whiners, that there stay was great. Well they're wrong. This hotel may have been good once, but it stinks now.For starters, my wife and I were bit by bed bugs, all over our bodies. Terrible... We didn't believe it until we got home and a Doctor confirmed they were bed bug bites. We had to quarantine our luggage and ensure all our clothes were washed or dry cleaned before bringing them back into our house. We stayed in room 363 in the Garden...The room was absolutely filthy. There was hair on the floor of the bathroom. The rugs weren't vacuumed. Even after we called Housekeeping and they cleaned the room, it remained filthy. They never washed the floors of the bathroom. The toilet flush broke. I had to fix it myself. It smelled bad (the water), like a sewer smell. The remote control for the TV was broke. The radio they provided in the room didn't play well. They removed the balconies in the rooms to make the rooms slightly larger. That stunk. At the pool, it was a constant struggle between the guests, for space around the pool. With not enough lounge chairs for the guests, and poor management at the pool, the guests are left to their own devices, securing spots at the pool by arriving there at before 7 AM, placing towels and belongings on the lounge chairs and hoping some disgruntled guest doesn't remove your stuff while you're getting a drink or something to eat.Some of the help at the hotel are very very nice. Others, not so nice. But some are really really nasty. Well, you have to take the good with the bad, right? I don't think so. Again, poor management allows this kind of behavior to exist and there are no standards in force. We actually observed one bartender tell a guest (who had waited patiently to be recognized by the bartender for 10 minutes) to go to another bar if he didn't like it.We're sitting at the pool and we smell this really foul sewer smell. I do some checking and find a sewer cover off, right behin the chaise lounges where we're sitting. I had to complain 10 times and wait hours for someone to come and put the cover back on.We went to the restaurant there callled La Picola Fontana. First, I found a fly in my water as I attempted to drink it. Then, my wife found a large pointy piece of crab shell in her shrimp when she bit into it. She could have choked. The manager tried to do the right thing and brought us both drinks and coffee. That was truly nice. Then we left and about 1/2 hour later, I was stricken was food poisoning. I was up ALL night. Not a good thing. I brought the incident to the attention of the hotel manager, not the desk clerk or concierge. Nothing was done. No, I am sorry from the restaurant owner, nothing...I sent the hotel an email, describing all this above. They never answered me. I considered not sending this but you know, I need to let people know to avoid this place like the plague. If it's between this place at almost $400 a night for a room or the Ritz at $550 a night, stay at the Ritz. So you spend another $700 but at least you get to enjoy your vacation. How can my wife and I get that time back we lost., never mind the $$$.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>ViolaM
<Content>Great for the Night Life, Pool        Great view from the rooftop restaurant  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlrainer
<Content>Bed bugs and horrible customer service       Bed Bugs  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	4	

<Author>frequent-flyer08
<Content>Dangerous While sitting at the Hotel Lobby Bar someone put something in my drink, after a few minutes I found myself not feeling well, went to the Elevator to go to my room, someone else entered the elevator, exited the same floor, followed me back to my room and tried to force their way in. I had to fight to get the door latched, found myself very woozy, felt I had been drugged. Called Hotel Security, they failed to take a report. Went to the front desk in the morning, found no report had been taken. Insisted I file a report and was assured I would be contacted by the Hotel. As of this date 1/2/08, no contact from the hotel, no adjustment to my bill. This Hotel is Not Safe.. especially when traveling alone. BEWARE  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	4	1	2	

<Author>jweezy75
<Content>Worst Customer Service- Not worth staying there! I am Puerto Rican and have stayed in many locations on the island. While this hotel is good for night life, that's it. Stay somewhere else and just go there at night!The room service is terrible, you're lucky if they show up to clean your room in time for you to shower before you go to dinner. We spent the whole day at the pool and the room service still hadn't made their way to our room at 4:00pm with new towels, etc, unacceptable. The service by the pool is nothing to be desired. They have a cabana that is fully staffed with people that should be making their way around the pool area and accommodating the guests but that doesn't happen. We ordered food one day and it took an hour. Then the next day they ran out of water, which took another 45 minutes. Every time you want a drink/food you have to go up and order, while the staff just stand around and talk to each other.Every morning we ate breakfast at the hotel- tip(leave the hotel, there are many places walking distance and it's very safe). We would have to flag our waiter down for everything as they would have just let us sit there for 30 minutes, with children, without ever coming by to take our order. Once you place your order expect to wait for another 45 minutes, so ridiculously slow!Oh and forget about Internet Connection, it's the worst! It would take about 10 minutes for each email to open and to send, it's the slowest like everything else there!The best of it all is that I was staying with my brother who gave his credit card details when he booked this hotel. I checked in before him and was made to give my credit card details temporarily until he showed up. When my brother checked in, he gave the staff his credit card details and they assured him that the final bill would be charged to him. We triple checked with the front desk several times that the final payment should be charged to his card. While he was checking out, I was loading the car with suitcases. They had him sign my credit card and authorize $1,600. They are the most incompetent and negligent people. When I called the hotel to refund my card and sort out the error they were unapologetic and told me it could take a week to review. This is illegal!We spent time talking to other guests at the hotel that felt equally disappointed with the lack of accommodation and or helpfulness by the hotel staff.You have spent millions on renovations on the outside but what will keep people coming back will be your service!!!!!!!I have to say, in the past, I have always highly recommended this hotel to everyone I know but I was embarrassed at the poor quality of management and staff, given the price people pay to stay here. You may not have had much competition in the past, but all the hotels in the area are getting renovated so I suggest you get it together and train your staff properly. People can go to other islands and get much better service!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>d81976
<Content>Bustling Nightlife, Friendly Staff, Perfect for a wknd trip The El San Juan is a great hotel if you are looking for a quick, fun trip to PR. In particular, it is perfect for groups of friends looking to party. I actually went down with my wife, and we had a great time. I would not recommend the El San Juan if you are looking for a quiet stay. The club at the hotel is hopping, and it's not just tourists in there, a lot of locals partying as well. The lobby is bustling at night, and the casino has a lot of activity as well. If you are looking for a slower scene in PR, I would recommend either the Ritz (right down the road), or the El Conquistador. The hotel has just finished being refurbished. I had visited in June of this yr, and was very impressed with the improvement this time around. The La Vista class room basically looked exactly like it does on their website, and the bathroom was much nicer than than one that preceded the refurbishment. The only potential negatives I would point out are :1) The walls are kind of thin, so if you may get unlucky with a loud neighbor. We were thankful we had a neighbor that only made noise during the day.2) Although the El San Juan has the best party scene, the Ritz has better restaurants (including Il Mulino, which was very tasty btw) and a nicer casino.3) If you're looking to explore Old San Juan it is not walkable. You will need to take a cab r/t, which will run you about 20 each way. More important than the money is the time though, traffic can be an issue. I would not really recommend the hotel for more than a 3 day stay. All in all we were very happy with the El San Juan but would not recommend for all types of travellers.One other quick point on San Juan. Last time I was here I went to a restaurant called Marmelade, which was fantastic. This time we tried Parrot Club, and were unimpressed.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>I-pinion
<Content>A NYC nightclub at the beach We heard so much about this hotel, we had to check it out. We had a decent deal through the hotel's website (5th night free), and our room was upgraded on arrival from Garden Lanai (which are the only rooms still not renovated) to the tower with a partial view. We faced east, so while we did see the beach and ocean, we saw more of the dirty, buzzing rooftop of the rest of the hotel. However, the rooms facing west (the pool) also had their share of rooftop to look over. We had some airport noise, but really didn't notice it after the first night.Room decor was ultra modern, not warm. But the bed and bedding were very nice and comfy!Housekeeping was inconsistent. Once our towels were changed in the evening, but never again. Once our bed was turned down at night. Once we received hand towels. Once we received washcloths. Porters were excellent, helpful and full of good suggestions and advice. Front desk staff was accomodating. The concierge helpful.Rocking lobby. Live music, 4 bars, lots of seating- perfect people watching setting. Strict dress code in center lobby bar. No shorts, no sneakers. However, just sit at a table outside the inner circle and wear what you like. The locals, though, really dress up. There is dancing whenever and where ever the band plays! Fun atmosphere.Great lounge chairs and other seating by the pools (we loved these round beds shaped liked clamshells). And plenty to go around. Plenty of hammocks also. Chairs and umbrellas set up on beach at your request for no extra charge. Only a few vendors, not too disturbing. The only thing annoying was the LOUD house/club/lounge music with the most repetitive rhythm playing EVERYWHERE: the pool, the beach, the elevator, the hallways, the restaurants, the bathrooms. Awful! Although there were a few children at the hotel during our stay, I would not call this a family hotel. Because of the party atmosphere, it attracted many spring-breakers some of who, unfortunately, were in the rooms next to us. They were drunk and rowdy on Friday night. The hotel sent security up right away and they quieted down, but didn't prevent a repeat on Saturday night.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>sseansully
<Content>El San Juan, still lovely after all these years       Very nice pool!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>surgluverrn
<Content>Not what we expected! We were so excited to come see Puerto Rico and to stay at the Wonderful ESJ hotel. We walked into a spectacular lobby and casino, but upon seeing the room they gave us it was no longer nice. Let me start: rude people every where we went; there was a large dead cockroach on our balcony; mildew on the bathroom tile floor and shower tiles; floors and carpet always dirty; service was very very slow; and the worst of it was bed bugs. We woke up thinking those were mosquito bites until we saw a live one walking on the bed sheet. We didn't expect any less than a good room from such a highly rated hotel. I will never go back to Puerto Rico and I definitely would not recommend it to anyone as an even half-way decent vacation spot.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>vizli
<Content>Don't believe the whiners!       The Beach  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>happy171
<Content>nice if you can look the other way they pay attention to everything but the guests, but it is a pretty place if you can get past that.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>njfun
<Content>Used to be better, but not bad I have stayed at this hotel a few times. And, I have to say the first time was the best. I liked the old charm of this hotel, and now the new ownership has made it very modern. On the lines of a South Beach hotel. The rooms needed renovating, however, they made it very cold feeling. The lobby, which was always the big draw, it is a historical landmark, so thank god all that they are allowed to change is the furniture. It has a beautiful chandelier, that is a must see and mahagony wood all over. It is still beautiful, with the new furniture. The staff is perfectly attentive and right there when you need them. The restaruants are all fabulous.I would stay again, but I do miss the El San Juan of yesteryear!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NIBeato
<Content>Loved the El San Juan We stayed at the El San Juan Hotel  Casino this past weekend, we were in PR for a friends wedding and the wedding party all stayed at El San Juan. The majority of the property had been renovated, construction was still going on in some areas. The Property was beautiful, we had one of the renovated rooms and it was gorgeous. The only problem was that there are connecting doors in each room and the people in the room next to us were very roudy and had music blasting at all hours of the night. On the second night we called security and they came and asked them to turn it down. Roudy guests are not the fault of the hotel but they should really add additional insulation between the rooms so that noise isn't an issue.All in all a great place with excellent service, we are definetly going back.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>MindWideOpen
<Content>Nice lobby. Lousy service. Dirty Rooms. Bed Bugs. Have stayed at the El San Juan six or seven times on business (only when preferred hotels were not available and they were the cheapest). The hotel has a nice lobby and bar; however, the rooms are consistently uncleanly (both the unrenovated and renovated rooms) and the service is terrible. My most recent (and final) stay, the mattress was infested with bedbugs. When I asked to switch rooms, they stated that 1) no other rooms were available; 2) no one could come up and spray the room at that time; 3) they would send someone to change the sheets (which they never did). Needless to say, I switched hotels.Have a drink in the bar. Stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>JoshNYC
<Content>An absolute ripoff This is a spring break hotel masquerading as a luxury resort. Although it was recently renovated, this property leaves a lot to be desired. The rooms look pretty, but they're furnished with some fairly cheap IKEA-style furniture. I read other posts regarding the bathroom and shower doors with amusement, but the truth is that it's shoddy work and doesn't belong in a luxury hotel. The staff is friendly, when you can actually get their attention. Prices, as you'd expect, are somewhere between expensive and obscene, particularly for what you get in return. The restaurants and bars are inexcusably overpriced, and quite frankly aren't that good. When checking out, we were ambushed with a bellhop fee, a resort fee, and a maid fee. It's insulting not to be informed about these charges in advance, particularly when I didn't use the bellhop, the maids left dirty towels lying about, and the resort seems to be composed of two pools. Go someplace with better value for money, where the staff work hard and appreciate your business. El San Juan just isn't it.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tessea
<Content>Still very good!! I have stayed at the El San Juan several times, and recent reviews made me concerned. I recommended this property for a girls getaway and knew my friends were counting on me.I am happy to report that I was very pleasantly surprised. I knew the hotel was undergoing renovations but this was not problem. The lobby is almost finished, and the Vernada restaurant, which hosted a wedding while we were ther, looks beautiful.We had very positive expereinces with all the staff we encountered. The concierge desk gave us several very good recommendations for off-site restaurants.Can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fawn07
<Content>Not the Same Anymore My 4th time visiting over the course of 8 years. Big change to the lobby. Not favorable. Lobby is primarily old world with carved wood throughout. New owner has vamped it up with modern furniture that detracts from the upscale feel. No one seems to dress up anymore for Saturday night. Lots of jeans, high heels, short dresses with cheeks coming out etc. Not as bigger crowd either. Could have been time of year vs. winter.Casino has taken out game tables and added high-tech screen slots. More slots than ever. Less tables are there now. Renovated rooms in the tower are modern. Really bad shower stalls with half walled glass that is truly half the length of the stall. Water runs out to the floor. Facilities is aware of these comments as we were not the first to discuss with manager. Had a great time nevertheless. Dealer at the Roulette Table (Lizette) was fun and pleasant. Spent 3 nights at the tables and did well. Did not dine at the restaurants this trip. Previous trips did include the Palm. (Always good).Renovated pool area is lovely. Beach is still good. So, yes go and stay there, but know if you've been there before it has changed. Talk to the manager (NefDavid) if you have any problems. He's helpful.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>manny915
<Content>Not what we expected I got married on the 15th of September. My wife and I had our honeymoon here from September 17- September 29. The grounds of the hotel were beautiful. The pools were great, the restarants were great. But we had many problems with staff of the hotel, and how unaccomadating the hotel actually is. We didn't know that you have to pay 16.05 a day for parking. It was not disclosed on there website, and when we called to confirm our reservation a month before it was not said them. When my wife said something to them, they blew her off and told her that it is not in there interest to have free parking, they do not own the parking garage. My wife suggested that they should put that on there web site so people now, and the woman told her that it is not the hotels responsibility to notify anyone. When we got to hour room we thought that it was a mess. We didn't think it was as clean as it should be for nearly 200.00 dollars a night. There was dust on the table and the sink in bathroom was dirty. They told us that the room was just cleaned, and that we got one of the best rooms in the hotel with a great ocean view. The view may have been nice, but the balcony that was shown on the website was not there when we arrived. According to the hotel, they got rid of all balconies during there renovating. We found that a few of the staff members at the check in desk were rude and unhelpful when asking how to get to places near by. To my wife and I we didn't fell that this hotel was 5 star worthy. The new renovations made the hotel look nice, but the shower in our room leaked and when we let the front desk now they told us that not having a shower door or curtain is the new style. The problem was that water leaked out as you showered and you have the nile river running thru the room. My wife and I heard great things about this hotel, but it didn't live up to its 5 stars. If you don't deal with the majority of the staff at the hotel you;ll have a great trip. But I strongly recommend you go else were, and go to one of the other hotels on Isla Verda.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>orffteacher
<Content>Above Average We were pretty scared after we made reservations and then read the reviews on this website. However, we were pleasantly surprised. The management asked us often how we were enjoying our stay and everyone was always helpful. The contemporary room style was comfortable and the amenities around the hotel were great, especially the Starbucks on site. Some negatives are the paper thin walls (it's an old hotel being renovated), the overall room cleanliness (not bad, just not good enough for this price range hotel), and high prices of the onsite eateries. It's cheaper to take a cab to a nice restaurant downtown and eat than to eat at the hotel. However, we'd go back if given the chance because of the great pool and beach area.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>singe17
<Content>With expected renovations completed this is a great destination Property under renovations but was expected because off season. The rooms are very bright and comfortable. And Yes the showers are odd, poor design and does flood the floor but it's not your house so why care! The pool area is going to be even more beautiful than it is now when they complete the renovations. Lounge chairs are luxurious making you feel like you are in the Fiji Islands not a few hours by air from the states. The higher position staff are slightly caddy but the doormen, bartenders, housekeeping and security are wonderful and friendly. And honest. We left something in the room when we departed and they actually turned it in and shipped it back to us. We did not eat in the restaurants because they were very upscale and we had 4 children with us. Metropole, Lupis and Casa ? (strip mall across from Intercontinental) All were reasonable and with good food. Breakfast is great in Casa ? and the staff there is attentive and a must try the chocolate milk. The excursions were great we took 3 of the 6 offered. I don't highly recommend the Baccardi factory but that one does get you to Old San Juan and the fort. Take a cab back after you have dinner on your own from this excursion. Absolutely great restaurant on the square in Old San Juan is Cafe Berlin. The cab ride is only $19 back to the hotel.Casino was fun and I actually won a few hundred on roulette!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WAGCapeCodandMiami
<Content>Beware of the El San Juan changes I am well aware that your company has many high end resorts and I'm sure you know what you are doing, but I have some comments I would like to share with you about the El San Juan Hotel.We have been a frequent guest at this property for the last 15 years. We have stayed in several parts of the property over that time but during the last 5 or 6 years (since the Ocean Lanais were done over) we have stayed in that room type and location.We visited with you in mid August and had our favorite room #219, as we usually do. On the way to the room, I immediately noticed the poles and material waving in the wind around the pool. I could not see everything that was done until entering the room. To my surprise and astonishment, the privacy we once had in this hotel within a hotel was destroyed by eliminating the private fence and entry to this exclusive conclave, which previously had it's own private pool and gated entrance for the 18 rooms in this location, but now was opened to the entire property. That in itself was bad enough, but we were in for another surprise. Speakers had been installed in the landscaping that played music (and I use the term loosely in this context) from 10AM to 6PM. The music was so loud and so bass oriented that we could not even close it out by shutting the doors to our room. The bass beat was a constant irritant for the entire time the music was on. It was useless to even consider a restful breakfast on the balcony or a nap latter in the afternoon before dinner because of the constant music (noise). This noise, by the a\way, was not caused by the construction, which we had delayed our arrival until that was over by the pools, so that this is not precipitated by that type of problem.We had booked for a 2 week stay and just could not stand the constant music from 10 till 6 and the accompanying headache it caused. We checked out after 4 nights and transferred to the Ritz. We had stayed there a few times, but really preferred the El San Juan. We had a really enjoyable time at the Ritz, even though I will say that the room was not as nice and the location not as awesome as the previous Ocean Lanais had been.What concerns me further is that the Oval bar in the main reception area was blocked off and the information we received is that it was going to be changed into the Blue Bar, reminiscent of South Beach. We have a winter home in Miami, and if we wanted the Miami look we would stay there. When we come to the El San Juan, we expect that whoever operates that property will understand that they are keepers of the history and the culture of Puerto Rico and will honor and preserve that culture. What you have undertaken at the El San Juan is shameful and disrespectful of the heritage of that grand property.I doubt that we will return, as a matter of fact we most certainly will not return if that music is not eliminated. It remains to be seen how much the final product will destroy the heritage of the El San Juan.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Lander77
<Content>Had a great time, nice place, has some issues       The cabanas were heaven!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>TCBrooklyn
<Content>Overbooked and unhelpful The hotel is absolutely spectacular after a recent renovation, BUT I had a horrible experience and ended up not staying there. Two girlfriends and I went on a girls' weekend getaway. We booked a room well in advance on-line for 3 guests and requested 2 beds. Our room was not ready when we checked in, but we were assured that we would get a room with 2 beds. Later, when we got to the room there was only one queen (or small king) size bed. OK, mistakes happen. We immediately called down to let the front desk know the problem and were told that they were fully booked, couldn't move us, that all their air mattresses were already spoken for, and that requests like a room with 2 beds (for 3 people) were requests not guarantees and that they couldn't do anything for us. We felt that this was unacceptable since they had confirmed our reservation as a party of 3 - where exactly was the 3rd person supposed to sleep? So we went back to the lobby and spoke with the manager in person. After half an hour, the best they could do for us was give us an air mattress for that night (they were borrowing some from a sister hotel) and that possibly the next day there was a chance but no guarantee that they could move us into a more appropriate room. We were so discouraged/disgusted with the situation that we ended up checking out at once and staying at the Intercontinental next door. I'm sure those who stay have a wonderful time at the ESJ, but beware of times when they are busy.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>cdt68
<Content>Fun, friendly, beautiful hotel We loved our stay at the El San Juan. We were looking for a place with a great pool, nice beach, and exciting night life. After doing research, we selected the El San Juan and were very happy with our choice. All staff were friendly and helpful, from the bellboys to the front desk to the pool waiters. The cleaning staff did a good job. Our room was always clean. Yes, the modern rooms are very different from the lobby, but everything worked fine and the beds are very comfortable with lots of pillows and nice linens. THe in room safe was nice. The pool areas are wonderful and the lounging beds are the best I've ever seen at any pool. The beach was very pretty and clean. The hotel offers a great variety of restaurants, though some are pricey. The Palm was wonderful, and we had very good sushi at Yamato twice. We didn't try the fancier Italian place, but the smaller Trattoria and Pizza place was good and not too expensive. We love the atmosphere in the lobby at night on the weekend. The salsa band was great and we had a wonderful time staying up dancing and visiting and watching the dancers. The lobby does have a dress code after 7:00 and rightfully so. It is a very elegant place. If, however, you are returning to the hotel from sightseeing or leaving for a more casual place that is no problem. There are several other entrances/ exits that are easily accesible and do not require you to walk through the lobby. I never saw anyone being hassled or made to feel uncomfortable. Drinks are very pricey all over the property. If you are looking to save some money, there are many options within just a few blocks of the hotel. We took a collapsible cooler and bought beer and drinks at the supermarket to take to the pool. No one at the hotel seemed to have a problem with that. We also saw others eating food from outside places at the pool and no one bothered them. Just outside the hotel entrance turn left and there is Lupi's Sports Grill. It is a great place to sit outside and watch the people walking on the sidewalk while enjoying reasonably priced food and drinks. Turn to the right and within the next several blocks you will find a supermarket and numerous fast food places (Subway, Wendy's, Burger King, Pizza Hut, Church's, etc.) as well as other restaurants. If you want to experience real Puerto Rican food, take a taxi to Casita Blanca. It is in the middle of a Puerto Rican neighborhood in an old refubished house. The food and atmosphere was great. Or head west from the hotel a few miles to Pinones. There are some beautiful beaches and little food stands with vendors selling what they call tacos, but are more like a fried meat pie filled with beef, chicken, crab, or shrimp. We visited fort El Moro which was fascinating and spent time walking around Old San Juan during the day and again at night (some very cool restaurants and night clubs there). There is a lot of talk about construction at the hotel and this is what we observed. The Veranda restaurant which is outside near the pool areas is being renovated. (The hotel informed us of this when we made our reservation.) They have put up decorated screens to block some of the view of the construction. It really wasn't a problem at the pool because it isn't right beside you and the noise was minimal. With the ocean breezes, fountains and waterfalls, and the pool music we were able to forget about the construction. The biggest disappointment is that the Oval Bar, the centerpiece of the lobby, is having some work done to it's counter tops and other upgrades. The hotel has actually walled it off while this is taking place. The walls have been painted and decorated, so there is no construction to see, but it hides the great chandelier and is strange having a temporary room in the middle of the grand lobby. Other than that, we just couldn't find much we didn't love about this place. This was our first trip to San Juan and the El San Juan Hotel and we can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>n2traveling
<Content>Nice for us I had a death in the family and i needed to stay somewhere last minute. Booked on travelocity, I knew of the resort since I have been to the casino before. My wife and 15 month had an enjoyable time here for the most part. Positives? Pools were nice, security was everywhere, location was perfect, beaches close but a bit too many cigarette buds. Negatives? $16 dollars for a burger!, $3 for a 10oz soda from minibar, odd times for room service, paths at night not to well lit. I've seen the reviews from the renovated rooms. I was expecting the same but we stayed in the casitas, good sized rooms in the middle of the resort. They even had a patio which chairs. It had a step in shower that can double as a small pool, though it coulda been cleaner. We didn't hear all that noise from the club, neighbors, or hallways. Although it was not the room I wanted, I guess I got lucky. Save you money on food at the resort, and spend it on valet parking so you can go elsewhere and get full or bring something back. I fully enjoyed listening to the latin bands play at night in the lobby. Construction didn't hamper our 6 days of stay. Reading the other reviews, I would stay again only out of the main tower.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>llq428
<Content>Dream Hotel El San Juan I loved the El San Juan! When I first arrived on Aug 14, 2007, I was disappointed because they were renovating my two favorite spots, the Oval Bar (which is magnificent and you get great CubanCigars) and the Veranda (for a great breakfast with a maginificent view of the ocean). I was ready to move to another hotel but the manager, Ms. Mangangeli was so accommodating, that I changed my mind. When went to the pool I was blown away by the three pools (two are brand new) - they were beautiful, clean, and it felt like I was in a bathtub. I then went to the beach and loved the beautiful white sand, and crystal clear blue ocean. We didn't have to rush to compete for space. I was with my husband and two teenagers - what a dream. I want to go back for New Years! If you don't want noise, don't book a room in the Tower, leave that for the young party goers. Book your room in one of garden rooms, which is away from the Tower, gives you privacy and peace. Loved the El San Juan Hotel! Cant wait to see the renovated Oval Bar and Veranda! IreneIrene  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsjmichel
<Content>okay kinda place To make a long story short we had stayed at another resort for several days and had a blast. We had flight problems so we had to stay at El San Juan because the other place was booked. We had reservations and no one would offer a transfer from one hotel to another. Thank goodness for certain transportation services who were kind to take us for free. When I made the reservations I requested an early check in on a Friday. Due to the weekend they were busy. We arrived after 1pm, and check in is at 4pm. My family and I checked our bags in and headed for the pool and the beach. The staff advised us that they would call me on my cell to let me know when our room was ready. We didn't get to check in our room until almost 6pm. We spent over $100.00 for drinks within 3 hours. My husband, and our two daughters 13  6,  I. My husband had 3 drinks, I had 2 and the girls had 2. Don't ask because I have no clue why it was so expensive! They did call my cell phone about our room being ready, after we were already in our room getting ready for dinner. It was going on 30 minutes after requesting our bags to be brought to our room. Finally by that point I was hungry and mad, I walked down there and got them myself. There was 4 of us in the room and there was only 2 bath towels. We requested more towels and recieved them 45 minutes later. When my husband went to get the ice container, it was never emptied so water spilled all over the front of him right before dinner. One of the best things about the place was the view. If you want really good food and a nice view go to the ranch? It is on the 10 floor and the kids loved it. They can ride a mechanical bull and the food is really good. Great prices and you get a lot. Very entertaining. Oh another thing you can not smoke anywhere at the resort like the pool or walking around. You can on the beach after you walk off the property. If you get caught, you will get a $250.00 fine. That is what an officer told me. He was very nice and helpful. No I didn't get a fine. Checkout time here is at 1pm. For all the loud screaming people who like to talk loud, etc. don't stay here. You can hear everything that goes on next to you. The walls are very thin. Overall the place is okay, They did tell us that they are fixing it up iand it will be much nicer when it is done. One tip that they did tell us, the cruise ships come in on Sundays and so every tourist place is very busy on Sundays. Maybe that is true, I am not sure.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>fontram
<Content>Very different than what it used to be I've stayed at the el San Juan a total of 5 times over the last 6 years. My most recent stay was in April, 2007. The el San Juan used to be owned by the Wyndham company, but was sold to a european company (don't know the name). The guest rooms were completely remodeled and as other reviewers have stated, do not match the beautiful lobby (I've also heard rumors that they may tear the lobby up and moderinize it). The rooms were very impractical, the shower is open (no sliding door or curtain) and therefore it leaked every time, warping the sliding door of the bathroom and flowing out into the guest room, which was not carpeted, but a pseudo-wood type thing. The chairs were not comfortable, and they did away with the beautiful balconies that used to be there. The pool was beautiful as always, and the new lounge chairs were extremely comfortable. If you can visit this resort and enjoy the pool, you've experienced the best part. If you have to stay inside you may be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Sula02
<Content>Won't stay there again. Our experience was ok. My boyfriend and I stayed there for 5 nights starting on the 2nd of August. Everything was pleasant until we walked into the room. The website advertised all new renovated rooms. Well, not the area where our room was. Only the main building was renovated. It seemed like no one has stayed in our room in a long time. There was a good amount of dust on the night tables and the desk. The walls had water stains on them and the balcony windows hadn鈥檛 been cleaned in the inside or outside. As I walk into the bathroom, it seems to be ok. However, as I went near there was hair in and around the sink. Don鈥檛 get me started on the bathtub. It was dirty and clogged. I reported this to housekeeping, so the could clean it before night falls. Guess what鈥?no one came. Next morning I called front desk and they said they would have someone over. The bathroom was cleaned, only after the second phone call. The clogged issue is still in that room. Breakfast there is a rip off. They have breakfast buffet for $25 per person. After taxes and tip it came out to $60, for scrambled eggs and pancakes. NOTE TO OTHER TRAVELERS: There is a really good breakfast and lunch restaurant about a 5 min walk (we discovered this on a walk to the supermarket). When you come out of the hotel take a right on the street. Keep walking. Pass the intercontinental and cross the street. Up ahead there is a place where you can find a supermarket (can buy beer and snacks far less than the cost of the hotel), and ice cream shop, an excellent Spanish food restaurant (if you want to experience true Caribbean food, great prices too), a souvenir shop, and further ahead, before dominos. Is the breakfast and lunch restaurant. Really good food. My boyfriend and I had breakfast for a total of $16. Well, back to the hotel. The main pool was full of sand, as people don鈥檛 wash their feet before getting in. The second pool was relaxing and the cleanest. We had a great idea, to buy our own beer and snacks and keep them in the room. The hotel was charging $8 for a small can of Heineken. While a 6 pack of bottled ones, was $11. If you鈥檙e looking for a true Caribbean vacation, this is not the area or the hotel to stay. It is too Americanized. After I came back my co-worker (who is Puerto Rican) said next time head to Fajardo or the other side of the island, for true paradise.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	1	1	3	2	5	

<Author>SeanandJanie
<Content>High Price for Not So Much I arranged a trip for my entire immediate family to stay at the El San Juan Hotel. This was a major trip for my mother as she has not traveled. No one in my family had been to Puerto Rico before besides myself and we planned quite few activities. The hotel is Ok - definitely not worth the price. Besides the major renovations that are taking place, they are very short staffed and everything takes a very long time. I have traveled to the Caribbean often and the pace is something I am used to, however, this is different. The staff, because they are short staffed can be rude - especially at the front desk. We had to switch rooms because they told me that though I requested a room with two beds - it was not confirmed - it is only a request. Because I have children that are fairly young - I was not happy about the situation in the least.Our over all stay was okay - not as great as I had hoped but nothing major. I will definitely stay somewhere else upon my return. The beaches are very nice. We visited a couple - Luquillo was nice. My son found a ton of sea shells. My advice, if you are looking for good service and no hassles - stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	1	2	2	

<Author>texasaggie84
<Content>Hated this hotel We were at this hotel on a trip we won thru our local Chamber of Commerce, so the Chamber chose this hotel. The lobby of this hotel is beautiful but the rooms don't match. The rooms are decorated in cheap plastic. Not only were the rooms tacky but the service at the hotel was horrible. Our room was directly across from the elevator and we asked to be moved immediately as we had our young kids with us and they refused saying they were booked; however, that same night someone in our group was moved. The noise from the people partying until almost 5 a.m. in the hotel was unbelievable. We complained and nothing was done. I think this is just the culture in Puerto Rico they get all dressed up go to hotels and party almost all night. They go to their rooms talk very loudly in the halls, slam doors, get ice and then don't care that they are disturbing anyone. When we checked out I complained again and the front desk manager just said I'm sorry and I ask her to comp 2 drinks and she refused saying we don't comp anything. I said I feel like you are giving me the finger. I hate to say this but I think they act that way towards Americans as I was not the only person complaining about this hotel. Not one person at this hotel every offered to help us. Do not stay at this hotel you will be disappointed. Don't let the pool pictures fool you.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>beachtrip07
<Content>Hotel Ok, will not be back After a bit of research, my husband and I decided to stay at the ESJ hotel for a relaxing week away. The pool area is beautiful and we never had a problem finding a chair. I was not disappointed. However, the hottubs were not working the entire week. The food  drink in the hotel are expensive however, I wasn't too suprised. If you don't like modern, you won't like the room. There were only four drawers to uppack, which is not a lot for two people staying for five nights. I wish there would have been a balcony or even a way to open the window. The bathrooms are interesting. They look nice but not very practical. There is nothing to do outside the hotel without renting a car or taking a taxi. There is no place to walk to grab a bite to eat or just walk around. We ended up going to Condado or Old San Juan a lot. You would fair better staying in one of those areas. The concierge at the ESJ are completely useless, I asked for a place for a casual meal and he suggested Outback - WHAT?! They gave us poor advice on all of our dining options and kept trying to get us to eat at the hotel. Be sure you do your own research because the concierge won't be helpful. Other than the concierge (who by the way should be the most helpful), everyone was very nice especially all of the security guards. The lobby is very busy at night with people going to the club. Everyone looked to be about 20 years old - be prepared. If I do come back to Puerto Rico, I will not stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MtgPlnr
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Horrible Service ESJ is a beautiful resort. However, from the rude front desk clerks, to room service, to wait/bar staff - the service was BAD! You would think for the price you pay at this resort, you would receive excellent service, however, think again. I would love to say that I would return to this hotel, but that wouldn't be a true statement. If staying in the Isla Verde district, try staying at the InterContinental or the Ritz Carlton - about the same price as ESJ and much better service!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>pretzone
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!!! For what I paid, I could have stayed twice as long at a cheaper place and had a much better time. First, we had to wait 4 hours to check in to our room. Yes, the shower leaks terribly! The balcony is a door with a fence on the other side. It opens, but you can't even put a foot out there. The hallway smelled from marijuana smoke the entire time. The clientelle all looked like a bunch of drug dealers...lots of gold chains, pants hanging down around the derierre (even bathing suits!), covered with tattoos, foul language, the works. They brought boom boxes to the beach and pool, and blasted foul languaged music over the music provided by the hotel. I have two teenaged boys, and this is not the kind of vacation I was planning on. Our room was apparently located directly under the mechanical bull in the bar upstairs, so everytime someone fell off, we shook. The management couldn't care less. When we left, the bellhop forgot to give us our tennis racquets. The bell manager argued with me that it was my fault for not noticing, and they charged me over $30 to send them to me at home! I emailed the LXR main website when I got home, and they never responded either.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Norma66
<Content>Nightmare I stayed at the El San Juan Hotel and Casino on 7/18 to 24th, 2007. The hotel is going through renovations which I was not told when I booked. Due to renovations it is impossible to enjoy the pool or go to the beach. The noise and debris is terrible. I made reservations 2 weeks in advance I was when I got there I had to wait four hours for two rooms since I requested them on the same floor. The reservationist never called me and when I went to the desk no one knew what I was talking about. I got stuck with and 80 year old mother and kids with three rooms on different floors. On Friday and Saturday there was adsolutely no acess to the casino. The amount of people at the club and lobby for dancing was dangerous. My mother had to walk all aroung outside the hotel to come in from another entrance. As I was walking in the lobby I got stepped on, elbowed, drenched in drinks and groped by non guest dancing at the lobby.At no time did the frond desk person apologize and everytime you go to the front desk they will tell you they are covering for someone else. Upon check out the manager did not even ask how my stay was her only comment was do you want to get bill on same credit card.There was totally no customer service through out my stay. I will never stay at this hotel or recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dieselcone
<Content>five star price - third class service The front door of the lobby should have been our first clue on the quality of the hotel itself. If the first thing I see it that dirty and disgusting what about all the other things I can't see. I would like to comment on my last stay from July 14 Sat to July 17 Tues at the el San Juan hotel in Puerto Rico. I thought I was staying at a five star hotel instead I ending staying at a sub par hotel under a construction mess. First the rooms were not what we expected, if I wanted to stay in an ultra modern overprice trendy hotel I would have gone to Miami. My son who is only seven noticed all the dust bunnies under both beds when he dropped a toy. Unacceptable for a five star hotel. Smoking free environment not true, our floor smelled like cigarettes the entire time we were there. At night you had several people smoking by the cabanas. Ashes and butts everywhere. The next morning all the cushions were dirty with cigarette ashes. Poolside was also a disaster, my mom fell on the wet pavement and not even one employee came over to see how she was. They continued to take amongst themselves at the pool bar. I have never seen a dirtier pool area. Food on the floor, birds flying in and out of the area and cups and dishes under the chairs. Only one hot tub worked, the others were dirt and smelled like eggs. My husband pointed out that they did not have a working filter. Water and sand all over the cushions and floor. When is the last time those pools were cleaned? The bathrooms poolside were also not cleaned. Second the dress code in the lobby applies to only the hotel guest? Since when does the El San Juan hotel allow jeans, flip flops, tank tops and riff raf into the lobby. When we entered the casino on Sunday night you had a guy in his pjs with a ball cap on sideways playing on the slot machines. Where is the dress code? I overheard a conversion from another guest on his cell phone demanding his travel agent get him the hell out of this third class hotel and book him immediately into the Ritz Carlton when he saw who was allowed into the casino and lobby. He was dressed in a suit and his wife in a dress. I felt overdress and uncomfortable surrounded by an underdressed crowd. The young crowd you have attracted to your hotel is not suited for a luxury hotel. By the way I am only 36 years old but I did not want to hang out in the hotel lobby with underdressed 20-25 years olds. I could not even enjoy the pool area with all these couples all over each other in the middle of the day in front of my kids. The service was unacceptable as well. I paid $125.00 for lunch at poolside yet the couple sitting next to us was getting free food from their friend ( a waitress), she could not give them free drinks because they had an incident on Saturday 7/14 and were being watched closing. Totally unacceptable. Please remind all your employees that guests might also know how to speak Spanish. We tried to call several areas of the hotel. First we tried to call the spa on Sunday at 7.30pm to make an appointment for Monday and we told by your front desk well sometimes they close up early. We called room service that did not arrived until 1hr and 45 minutes with melted ice cream that we had to send back. We called the valet for our bags on check out day twice because the first guy we spoke to went on break and forgot to tell the next guy that we were waiting for our bags at 10.30am. The doors to the lobby totally disgusting, so dirty, I did not even want to place my hands anywhere. Your casino has also gone down hill. Sunday night 7/15 we were at the blackjack table and your dealer did not speak a word to us. After we won our money back, we got up from the table and made our way to the lobby and meet other guests who commented on your unfriendly staff. The heat was also unbearable due to the black out that night, the ac was not working properly. Monday night 7/16 we were at the roulette table with my parents and again the lady working the table said nothing to us but continued to gossip with the other guy at the next table. Needless to say when we won $140 we left because who wants to sit there and spend money when your staff does not even interact with your guests. The service at the casino again just as bad as everywhere else. 45 minutes we waited at the blackjack table on Sunday to get one drink. You have one girl for the entire floor. And believe me the casino floor was not crowded. When we checked out on Tuesday morning there was a Italian gentlemen arguing with the front desk woman and the manager at the front desk about his stay. He apparently hurt himself during your blackout and had not received any attention from your staff. He wanted to check out and insisted he wanted to pay cash. The woman at the front desk said you already have a credit card on file, let us just charge you on that (in English) he responded no I want to pay cash and remove my card from your records. The other woman said to her in Spanish  do not fight with him just charge him what ever and then we will load up his credit card later. I spoke to him and told him to be careful when we got his credit card bill. I had fond memories of the OLD El San Juan hotel, the place was a first class hotel. Now it longer lives up to its name. I will make sure to tell everyone I know that this hotel is no longer what it used to be. If you want to pay like a five star hotel but be surrounded by third class service and people then it is the place for you. Your staff no longer cares for your guests. Your management no longer cares for your guests. Making money seems to be the only thing this hotel cares about. dieselcone@msn.com  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>WVU98grad
<Content>Great hotel with even more potential I will keep this short and sweet. The rooms are newly renovated and very trendy. The beds are bit soft but included a TON of pillows. I think they included 5 total in a king bed. The room included a couch, table, oversized ottoman, chair, desk, dresser and 24 LCD TV. The shower was interesting since it only included 1/2 a glass wall causing water to drip into the floor. Our room didn't have a bad problem but a friend of mine had a flood every night into the hallway of the room. Currently Renovations are being done to the hotel. Until November the two restaurants by the pool are being renovated and are closed. So, outside of a $12 hamburger, you are better off walking a block to the right and going to a strip mall that has a great breakfast /bagel shop or plent of other fast food choices.Overall, the hotel is well staffed, clean, updated and provide great service. I would definately go again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>vacaylady
<Content>Has it all Was at the hotel 2 weeks ago for a bachelorette party. Had a great time!! The pool is awesome. They have a great club in the hotel. And, of course, the casino is great for gambling. The rooms are newly renovated and are supermodern. We did not eat in the hotel. Instead, we went to Il Mulino in the Ritz which is absolutely amazing, albeit kinda pricey. IF you stay at the hotel, make sure to ask for a room that will not be noisy because of the club. Last year we had that problem and needed to be switched.This hotel is great and has the best night life right in its lobby!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>bobina007
<Content>Could have been better       View from room  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dreamermil
<Content>fun at the el san juan Our stay at the El San Juan was better than we had hoped. We had readsome reviews about construction and shabby rooms, but we didn't experience any of this. Our room was recently renovated and brightly decorated. The bathroom was small but the bed was fabulous and we hada really nice view. The pool area was one of the nicest we've seen and the beach was clean and pleasant. The lobby area is justly famousand the weekend music and dancing was fabulous. The casino was fun and had very favorable Blackjack rules. All the restaurants were quite good and breakfast on the Veranda was special. Was it perfect? Not quite, we had some check in problems and Houskeeping was not always timely but overall it was a very fun stay. We also enjoyed therest of Puerto Rico, particularly Old San Juan and the Rain Forest.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>LoganJames123
<Content>Excellent service but not really worth the money Me and 3 of my girlfriends went for a spring break trip that was tropical, but not too wild. We stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms and it was very nice. The bathroom was a little awkward (the shower did not have a door so the floor got soaked every time!) but the decor was nice and had very nice appliances. The walls were paperthin, I don't think the people in the room next to us realized we could hear them. However, the beds are very comfortable compared to most hotel beds. Our stay consisted of mostly week nights and only one weekend night and the hotel lobby was filled with teenagers because of the club. It was kind of rowdy, but avoid this by staying on a week night. However, the amenities were great!! They used wristbands for access to the pool and had a security guard at the entrance so non-guests and over crowdedness was not a problem. The pools were also open 24 hours so a midnight swim was no problem and of course there was security for safety. The pools were in excellent shape and never crowded during the time we were there.The wait staff was excellent and was always willing to accommodate any need despite the outrageous prices (however this was expected). It is definitely not the average spring-breaker hotel which can be good or bad depending on what atmosphere you are looking for. Overall a great stay and would definitely return.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kelly8454
<Content>Had a great time I was also a little concerned after reading the reviews on here. We requested a Garden room but as soon as we saw it we were like..Nah? It was old and not attractive at all. We moved straight away to the new renovation tower and the room was perfect. Very clean and it felt like we were on vacation. The only thing that I could say negative was the shower leaked but a few extra towels did the trick.The hotel itself was fab, great pool area, great beach and very polite staff. The drinks were a little pricey but we felt that was the case wherever we went....and if you like to gamble... this is the place to be, just make sure you have plenty of money in your back pocket, unless of course your lucky!  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PenelopeSC
<Content>We loved it! My husband and I stayed at ESJ for a conference he was attending. The ocean front lanai - lovely, the casino and clubs -fun, the italian restaruant - delicious, customer service - excellent, pool atsmophere - sophisticated funky. No complaints - would enjoy a return trip.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Driver59Boston
<Content>Very Nice Stay at ESJ I just returned from 5 nights at the El San Juan with my 17 year-old daugther and an adult family friend. Perhaps because we had just flown in from Boston where the weather has been absolutely miserable, we were more than satisfied with the overall ambience, amenities and condition of the hotel.The ESJ is not perfect, but nothing we experienced would keep us from coming back. Pros and cons:PROS:- Beautiful grounds, pools and beach. On the week April 16th there were mostly families and older couples poolside, and no problems w/ rowdy college kids or bikini contests, etc. The beach was clean, and there was a strong security presence at night which felt good for late night strolls/swims.- Every staff person we encountered was gracious and welcoming. Cool towels and frozen mojito samples are delivered poolside! We had no trouble finding empty pool chairs and never saw one squabble over territory. We did arrive at the pool by 8:00 a.m. most days.- There are many dining options both in and outside the hotel. We had very nice meals. Yes, things are overpriced, but not outrageously so (except for my $17 Mimosa at the main bar, which hardly contained half a glass of champagne)- Unlike other reviewers, we found housekeeping to be quite efficient.CONS:- While the renovated rooms are clean, they are quirky, especially the shower. (The beds are EXTREMELY comfortable however) The walls are very thin as one person stated. Fortunately, we had quiet neighbors. I can see this being a problem if you weren't adjacent to considerate people. If you are very fussy about the decor and efficiency of your room, you probably won't be happy here. We really didn't care - we wanted to be outside.When I book again, I will make sure in advance that there are no promotional events taking place at the time of my stay. I'm sure I wouldn't have liked the blaring music, etc. Overall, it was a very relaxing, fun and enjoyable getaway.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>philipj330
<Content>From bad to worse This place was once the gold standard in Puerto Rico, especially in the mid 80's to the early 90's. Then it went through several ownership changes, including this latest one, and it's turned into a second rate dump. Sure, the lobby is still stunning, and there's a couple of decent restaurants, but that's where the positives end. Therooms were renovated, apparently with the expert guidance of Kmart and Ikea - what cheap junk. As others have pointed out, for some inexplicable reason, the balconies were removed and the bathrooms are rediculously awkward (no shower door for instance, so the floor gets soaked during a shower). And yes, the walls are paper thin, so if you're crazy enough to try this place, bring ear plugs - the hallsare pathetically noisy as well. This place is over. Be warned, go elsewhere, although the pickings ar getting slim in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maggiemay7
<Content>Cheaply renovated - I won't be going back either Aside from the still beautiful lobby (and even there, they now have a Starbucks! awful), I wouldn't bother to visit again. The cheaply done renovations and the overwhelming urge the new owners have to get college kids there, instead of keeping the people who have been coming for years, like ourselves, and who spend a good amount of money, will be the downfall of this once gorgeous property. The rooms were definitely in need of renovations, but instead of keeping the old world class  look of the place, they opted to tear out everything, including the great balconies, and make the rooms cheaply modern w/paper thin walls. Poolside now has blaring rap music and the beach is absolutely filthy. For the kind of money you'll spend here, spend a bit more and stay at the beautiful Ritz Carlton where you can get some sleep instead of listening to pounding bass from the club below (and we were on the 8th floor!), noisy hallways and every sound above a whisper in the room next to you. If I'm going to Puerto Rico, I want some latin flavor and style; I don't want to feel like I'm in Coney Island. A real disappointment.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>tnm
<Content>Good and bad My daughter (15) and I stayed at the ESJ for three nights at the beginning of April.Lobby is very nice, but had the smell of a bar all the time - don't know if it was the cleaning solution to clean up or something else. It smelled like a frat house.We stayed in a renovated room, which I don't know if we would have gotten if I hadn't been a pest about it from the time I made the reservation to the time we got there. The check-in was long, as the woman typed away at her keyboard for what seemed like hours. We still had to wait 3 hours for our room. I heard you could tip the front desk to get a renovated room, but I refused to do that. I think the woman was waiting for it though.The room was fine, but there was no full length mirror, no balcony. Beds were very comfortable. For a new room, it still had scuff marks on the walls, signs of wear and tear. Walls were paper thin and I was awakened at 5am by loud talking, blaring TV. Eventually had to call security after banging on the wall was ineffective. The pool area and pools were beautiful. But the biggest problem was that the beds with canopies were free Saturday and Sunday, but come Monday they instituted a $150 charge for their use. For the $150, you received water, a fruit basket and 2 bar drinks, along with the use of the beds. Not worth it and most went unoccupied or familes with children rented them because they couldn't get a regular chair. The biggest problem was just that -- getting a chair. I had to get down there at 7am to even get one, and I witnessed chair wars and difficult, obnoxious people each day. A woman tried to pick a fight with me by claiming my chair was hers and that she had held it and 2 next to it with magazines and towels. I told her the chair was empty and then pointed out that she actually held the chairs in the next row, but she refused to admit she saved those particular chairs because the cushions were smaller. She wound up writing a nasty review of the chair guy because he told her she was wrong and he had saved the two chairs next to me for someone else. I do know that if you paid off one of the pool guys they would save you a chair, but I saw people taking reserved chairs anyway. This was ridiculous. Who wants to get up early on vacation to get a chair! There should be a policy about this, as many chairs were saved and no one showed up all day!Pool food was good, but expensive. Bar drinks were $10.Area around the hotel was pretty grungy and commercial. Not pretty at all, but the grounds of the hotel were nice and private.Some staff were very friendly, others, like front desk, were not. Would I go back? Probably not, as I would prefer to see other places in the world and stay in nicer hotels.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>spring88
<Content>Nice time, but wouldn't go back This was my first stay at the El San Juan, as well as my first trip to Puerto Rico (although I am a frequent traveler to other destinations). I did a lot of online research to determine where to stay and I think that the reviews on Tripadvisor are pretty accurate. We went for a long weekend from Boston (3/23-3/26) and so I wanted to stay somewhere nice that was also centrally located. As other reviews have mentioned, the pools are great and the lobby is lovely (it has an old world Cuban feel, with a tad bit of cheesey Las Vegas added in because of the casino and shopping galleria). I didn't love the beach, but it was fine.We stayed in a renovated room. The furniture was pretty cheap (like it came from Ikea) and I agree with another reviewer who said that the shower was odd (no door so water got on the bathroom floor). There was no full length mirror and there was no place to hang a wet bathing suit (strange for a hotel on the beach). The walls are paper thin (like no other hotel I have stayed in). We awoke to a party at 3am one night (security had to break it up) and then heard tv/music in the other room anytime they had it on. I also know that other guests had similar experiences. Otherwise, the room was fine. We were also at the El San Juan when they had their Coors Light party that took up the area around the two main pools. The attendees at this party were generally not the paid guests of the hotel. I overheard a lot of people expressing their disappointment that the hotel was more interested in revenue from Coors Light instead of making sure that their guests were happy. The party went from noon until midnight and I can't imagine that anyone with rooms near the pools would be able to get any sleep until this ended (not a problem for most people, but a real problem for the families with children, I would imagine). Overall, I think that the hotel should decide if it wants to be a luxury hotel or if it is aiming at those in their 20's who are there to party. Everyone in Puerto Rico went out of their way to be nice to us. However, I wouldn't say that the service at the El San Juan was special in any way. Everyone was nice, but no one was exceptionally friendly or helpful.Overall, we enjoyed ourselves but I would not go back.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>KnightTraveler1
<Content>Will Not Go Back I will not be returning to the El San Juan although I have stayed there several times in the past. First the pros:Gorgeous lobby and loads of night life; the bars are great fun and the pools are decent. The restaurants--especially the Palm and the Japanese restaurant are excellent (even thought the Japanese restaurant is not even listed in the dining section of the hotel literature kept in the guest rooms. The beds are very comfortable and the new decor in the guest rooms is light, airy and pleasant. The luncheon offered at the outside bars is good and the hamburgers are delicious. Now the cons:The hotel was teeming with college kids. In the middle of out stay, Coors Lite sponsored a poolside party replete with a bikini contest. Apparently this event occurs 3 times a year. You could not enjoy the pool at all that day and there were many complaints. House music blasted throughout the pool area and adults (those of us over 25) had to find somewhere to escape.The housekeeping stinks. The rooms are not cleaned thouroughly and the housekeepers forget things like wash cloths, shampoo, soap, and shower caps. There are no full length mirrors and the phone is on the dresser--so if you are in bed you cannot reach over and answer it. There is also no bathtub or make-up mirror. Moreover, the rooms are NOISY, NOISY!!! No soundproofing at all. We could hear our neighbors talking and their television as well. Finally, the hotel made the perplexing decision to remove ALL OF THE BALCONIES from the renovated rooms.Next time, I am in Puerto Rico--I will stay at the Ritz and visit thelobby at the El San Juan at night. I recommend you do the same.Knight Traveler  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>syceoner
<Content>The most honest review Ok, so I stayed in PR at the El San Juan from March 18th to the 25th in the upscale Garden rooms because my manipulative girlfriend was able to grab a free room upgrade with her expert travel skills. First the bad, when swimming at the beach the seaweed was overwhelming. It was probably the most seaweed I have ever encountered in my life. Although the water was nice and clear, it couldn't be fully enjoyed due to the seaweed invasion. Pricey, pricey, and pricey. Since my partner didnt take advantage of fully inclusive vacations (which is the only way to go) we needed to budget ourselves. This meant going to the supermercado to grab beers and food to control our bank accounts. On the resort you can count on $10 drinks, $50 breakfast bills, $140 dinner checks just to name a few. Your best bet is the go off resort to eat and drink becuase thats where you can find reasonable prices. The best part about the place was the pool area, simply sensational. By far it's a gem of the resort. This is the place to be during the day. Just thinking about it puts me in a state of tranquility. Another awe-inspiring element of the El San Juan is the lobby which includes numerous venues of entertainment, several bars and clubs along with a decent casino. If your a real gambler, dont count on this casino to satisfy your fix. It contains about four blackjack tables, four roulette tables, carribean stud table, craps table, and a bunch of slots. The worst part are the two miserable cocktail servers roaming around aimlessly who are terrible at their job. Overall I had a great time, but wouldn't consider going back. The best part about the whole trip was being with my ravishing girlfriend and time well spent with her. I love her.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachgirl087
<Content>Best on the Beach This was our fifth year staying at the El San Jaun. When we arrived, we were upgraded into the Garden Lanai. They will be renovated next year, but we love the space, great bed and wonderful pillows. But the best thing about the Hotel is the staff! Many of the associates have been there all the years we have stayed at the hotel. Friendly, accomodating and very welcoming. The restaurants at the hotel are good, and there are lots more in walking distance (Try Platos, great place with authentic Puerto Rican dishes cooked right in the Dining Room every Thursday!).The El San Juan has a GREAT beach! The pools are nice too, but the beach is gorgeous, soft sand, lovely water, shade of some trees for the really hot times of day. Don't forget to tip the Beach Chair Guy, and have a drink on the beach for me! We'll be back!One hint, if you rent a car, it costs less to valet park at the hotel than to park across the street in the garage.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>RicanChica
<Content>ESJ hotel and casino is the BEST! I stayed here with some friends in the beginning of March and found the hotel to be great! The lobby is beautiful, the pool area is great they have three pools. We stayed in the renovated tower and the rooms were beautiful, the only problem I had with the room was the shower. It was a shower stall with half of a door.....when we took showers there was water all over the floor.....other than that the hotel was great! You can spend the whole day and night at the hotel, it has a beach, and a great night club (Brava).I  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BBuddy
<Content>OK, but not woth the money We flew into San Juan a day early for our cruise and stayed at the El San Juan Hotel and Casino. It was a bit pricey but our travel agent recommended the place and said it was one of the 鈥渂etter鈥?hotels on the island. We arrived at about 3PM but they said our room wouldn鈥檛 be ready until after 4 so we opted to check the luggage and change into summer clothes in a locker room (with a locker they provided). We toured the beach area, pools, etc鈥?and had a wonderful lunch at an Italian restaurant on the property. Their Caesar salad was one of the best we鈥檇 had.After waiting in a line which formed at the check-in with others who apparently couldn鈥檛 check in either we finally received our room key. The room was in a corner of the hotel and very large. It had a very large flat screen TV and the whole d茅cor could be described at WHITE minimalist from IKEA (I.e., cheap furnishings). The Hotel is still undergoing renovations and the room right next to ours was all sealed. When we called down they said that the workers would stop at 6PM which they did. I don't know if they worked on Saturdays but we were gone by 12 so they didn't wake us up.The only problem I found was that the area around the bottom of the toilet wasn鈥檛 very clean to which my husband responded that he hadn鈥檛 ever seen a fully clean bathroom in all of Puerto Rico. The gym at the hotel was very well equipped with both weights and cardio equipment and the pool area was huge (3 pools) with plenty of waiters/waitresses serving beverages. The casino attached to the hotel was very crowded as the evening went on and was totally smoke free (San Juan enacted a smoke free policy which made our walk through the casino wonderful)We met a local college friend of my husband鈥檚 that night and enjoyed a wonderful dinner at a hot new restaurant near Old San Juan.Saturday morning we got up early, hit the gym and enjoyed a wonderful breakfast on a veranda overlooking the pools and the beach. The breakfast was a bit pricey was we opted out of the breakfast buffet since we figured we have more than enough to eat on the ship.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Queenfan
<Content>Enjoyable Experience at El San Juan We had a good experience at this hotel. There was a mix-up with our room. We had asked for a Garden Lanai room and were put in the newly renovated tower. The room there was spacious and chicly decorated but we are from New York City and were hoping for a more authentic, less urban feel. There were no more Garden rooms available so they upgraded us to an ocean front suite that was done in British Colonial Caribbean decor. It was beautiful. Actually, the garden suites did seem a bit run down so we were fortunate that they did not have one for us. Avoid those but the the tower and oceanfront rooms are newly renovated. If you are unhappy with your accommodations, just tell them what you want. We chose this hotel for the nightlife but really there was only the salsa music in the lobby so we didn't do much in the hotel. Nice experience, nice hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>essiedot
<Content>Mixed experience at the El San Juan First of all- this is not a five star hotel. Maybe three stars, or on its best day four, but never five.Stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms, which was bright and clean but looked like it had been entirely furnished out of an Ikea catalogue. It was already showing small signs of wear.Sevice is a bit haphazard. Check in was efficient, but rather curt. Housekeeping was not very thorough. The concierge was hit or miss depending who was working behind the counter. The waiters and waitresses at beach and pool side were friendly, but quite difficult to find. I got the impression that the hotel is understaffed.Now the good points. The pools are great (though good luck finding a waitress), as is the beach. The lobby area is spectacular and really comes alive at night. Lots of nice restaurants in the hotel and within walking distance.I got a reduced rate that worked out to be about $250 a night, which seemed like a good value. I would not recommended that anyone pay much more than that, as the hotel is simply not worth it.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>ETJAJ
<Content>Overpriced...Stay Somewhere Else This hotel has a beautiful lobby. It advertises that it is a 4 star property. It is priced four star but the service is a 1 star. It is regularly around 300 plus per night. We paid 275 per night through hotwire. It was far from a deal, more like a steal with the hotel doing the taking. On top of the money paid to hotwire I had to pay a 14% resort tariff per night which came up to another 30 something dollars. The rooms are really nothing to brag about either they were not 4 star furnishings. No iron, no ironing board in the rooms, no trash can in the room, no turn down service, nothing to say Hey I'm a 4 star Hotel. I took a few drinks out of the in room refrigerator to put a bottled water in and was charged 23 dollars. I did not drink any thing but was charged, go figure. The lady at the check out was nice enough to remove the charge. The bathrooms are very small, the shower does not have a door that can be closed so water gets all over the floor. What a mess. What I disliked the most was the poor service. When I checked in the first night, I was placed in a small room with 2 queen beds and a view of the top of some part of the hotel. I asked for a room with a king bed and was told none were available. So I settled for it the first night. We were tired and went in for a shower the previous guest's hair was all over the bathroom floor. I called for housekeeping it took 4 more calls, a final call to the manager and 45 minutes to get a 300 dollar a night room cleaned. The next day I requested the king room and was moved in within 30 minutes. When I got in that room the air conditioner was broken and hair was on the sheets in the bed. I made another call concerning this and finally got the air fixed an hour later. Another day I needed an iron and ironing board it took 30 minutes to get it. The last day I called twice to get clean wash cloths by the time they came I had ran down the hall and grabbed some from a maid's cart and taken a 10 minute shower. This hotel is not big on service. They don't pride themselves in taking 4 star care of their customers. I will never come back again. Word to the Wise: stay somewhere reasonable and come enjoy the casino , the nice lobby and live entertainment. You will be glad you did.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lduffy
<Content>Lots of fun in San Juan Had a great time at the El San Juan and the hotel staff was very agreeable and accommodating. The nightlife is really thriving here-especially on Friday and Saturday nights. It's quite a scene at the casino, the huge lobby, and the disco.If you can spring for it, try the beach villas. They are isolated from the rest of the hotel, but stil accessable. Also, they are beautifully appointed in dark wood tones with a huge balcony or patio overlooking the beach. Avoid the 9th floor in the main hotel. There is a huge mexican restaurant with loud music and a mechanical bull right on the 10th floor and friends of ours staying on the 9th said they were serenaded to sleep with cries of drink, drink, drink!! and the scraping of chairs. The beach is ok-not particularly beautiful, but again the staff and delicious food and weather made up for it. Great quick jaunt from the east coast!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MTFlushing
<Content>The hotel on the return to a 5 Star Resort My Stay at El San Juan Hotel and CasinoI have recently returned from my annual stay at the El San Juan Hotel and Casino, 2/7/07-2/15/07. For the past 15 years I have been a regular guest. Upon my return I immediately noticed many improvement from my previous stay last year.The staff was very helpful and polished; the rooms were redone and are very bright and clean. The bathroom was ok, not interested in just a shower, but made the best of it. (No bath tubs, no make-up mirrors, no full length mirrors, things that are a must for females), they could have put more outlets in the room as well. The beds were extremely comfortable.Being a loyal guest of this property, I have seen it at it's best and worst. This year was the beginning of a new face-lift. Thank God they did not touch my lobby, the pool area had changes and improved service. Security was full force and made us all feel safe and ensured us a perfect stay. I return to this property for its location, their warm professional staff, lobby entertainment and rich Puerto Rican Flavor. I hope they don't go to far changing it into a Florida hotel. Puerto Rico has history, culture, passion, music and great food. Keep all of the above at this hotel. I know that they are trying very hard to please all that stay there. Given more time my hotel will again be a 5 Star.To the hotel, remember we come to the Island and to this hotel to enjoy what we can't find anywhere else. I will return and return as long as I can, for I never can get enough of my Beautiful Puerto Rico and this Hotel. Just try to keep room rates reasonable and grant repeat return guest a special rate.For all, come and enjoy Puerto Rico and please stay at this hotel, they will not disappointment you. I enjoy hearing the staff say Welcome Back and if you need anything just let us know.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>im_on_vaca_again
<Content>Lots of hotels on this beach, choose another one!! My husband was to attend a conference at this hotel, so we decided to make it a business trip. The flight there was nice because we purchased an extra seat for the four hour flight. Walking into the lobby was quite impressive, but seemed a little out of place in the islands. It is however, perfect for NYC. Patricia gave us a room in the garden area. They were doing some planting, but the area was very nice, as were the pools. The beach was gross because of the large amount of seaweed scattered about. And hotel guests were expected to wear wristbands so security could keep an eye on guests versus the large amount of non-guests at the pools and beach.The problem was with the room itself. I've stayed at Best Westerns with visually more appealing decor. The walls were cracked and the paint peeling. The bathroom was in serious need of caulk, paint, tile, and new fixtures. The bottom line was the noise from the room directly below us.While sitting on the balcony on check-in day, I heard loud machinery (saws, drills, hammering, super strength vacuums) being used in the room below. My husband, who was sitting inside talking to patients on the phone, could not be heard over the din. I asked one of the workers what time in the morning they started work. I was assured they did not make noise until 10 am. Okay, fine. I don't like getting up that early on vacation, but I could go lay by the pool and get some sleep.At 8:35 am the following morning, my room was filled with the most obnoxious loud noises. Drills, industrial strength vacs, saws, hammers, you name it, it was happening ALL AT ONCE!!! I called the front desk, they sent me to security, they came out immediately and the noise stopped- - - for five minutes. My husband and I IMMEDIATELY went online to find another hotel and we packed our bags in less than 10 minutes. We ended up spending $20 more at the Caribe Hilton just 10 minutes from the airport and had the most wonderful time with their three tier pools, ocean overlook, beach, amenities, and nightly entertainment. If you want island fun and beautiful surroundings, do a lot of research before booking a hotel, especially one that costs what El San Juan does. You'll save yourself a great deal of stress on your vacation.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorker36
<Content>Once a jewel and now this hotel needs major buffing. Please be advised that this hotel is under construction until April 2007. The rooms overlooking the pools and cabana areas are being guttered for an overall face lift. The front pool area overlooking the ocean is also getting major repairs. This construction project affected our stay due to the early morning drilling and the visual areas that were out of service such as the massage section near the pool. If you're looking for a quiet experiance in the breakfast area, good luck. The noice level and construction crew are working full steam and it's loud and distracting. Overall, the inside lobby, bars, entertainment and restaurants are still beautiful and are not being affected.The room that we stayed in was a cabana w/king, sofa sitting area. Large, comfortable but the room also needs a face lift.The furniture is worn and tarnished, needs a paint job. The bathroom is a joke, the housekeeping department does a terrible job @ cleaning the rooms. We arrived @ 2pm and checked in to find reminance of hair strands from a previous occupant. The towels are shabby and the tables were dirty. We could not change our room due to a busy Thanksgiving weekend. Housekeeping arrived later on to clean the room which was an average once over. Our luggage arrived 5 hours later. The excuse was, the bell captain would not enter the room if we weren't present. I never heard of such a thing. This hotel is way overpriced and will get much more expensive after the renovations are completed. I have stayed in this property twice a yr for 15 years. I have seen the wear and tear of this once superb hotel. My long lived experiance has come to an end. I will no longer be spending my money @ the El San Juan Hotel  Casino in Isla Verde.My next trip to Puerto Rico, I will be staying @ the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>bams4446
<Content>Needs a renovation of service We booked this vacation months ago, but found out the week before departing (from a disgruntled co-worker who had just returned) that the hotel was under major renovations -- with 2 of the 3 pools closed, and an abundance of noise. We contacted the hotel and asked for some form of reassurance/compensation and were told that we should have known about it and there was nothing to be done except cancel our trip and come back next year when the renovations are complete. Of course, they would not do anything to comp our airfare. So, frustrated, we decided to go and take a chance as it was a much needed vacation. We arrived to rooms not being ready but the hotel itself has grand lobbies and seems like it used to be the place to be. Once we got our rooms, we were discouraged to find them dirty (hair that didn't belong to us, cigarettes on our porch), and not of a class you would expect to pay $300+ for. Additionally, the spa was closed. I rechecked their website and none of this is mentioned. The service issues were consistent, with waiters at the outside restaurant who couldn't remember orders, us returning to our room in the evenings to find that housekeeping had never come, a less than clean pool (the only one that was open) and a basically unaccommodating staff. The only bright spot were the bartenders, who were capable and nice -- perhaps because they realized that we had money to spend and would type well for deserving service. All in all, you can see that this place used to be nice, and the grounds are under major renovations so they should be nice again. However, if they can't manage basic service and cleanliness when they are less than half full they would need to renovate their entire staff to get back up to the class where they deserve the rates they seek. For similar rates, I would go to the Intercontinental next store that has a much better attitude, and you can still visit the ESJ at night. Or, splurge a bit more for the Ritz down the road which is in a different stratosphere of class and service.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>TiogaSteve
<Content>2 Night Pre Cruise Stay We stayed in one of the Casitas rooms before our cruise. We found our room large, furnished OK with a patio exit to the 2 pools next to the beach. I think the room price is based more on location with the colorful lobby and Galleria stores. The shower in the room was huge with two shower heads.The refrigerator was not working but not a big deal. We had a late check in and the non smoking room had been held for us. The staff was curteous, friendly, prompt and the room was cleaned very well. There is remodeling going on at other hotel areas but were were not disturbed by the activity. The lobby areas are very busy with night life especially on Saturday until late hours. If you want to try a very good, moderate priced restaruant that the locals enjoy, take a short walk out to the main street, turn right and when you see the Ponderosa Steak House on the left, enter the strip mall and look for a small restaruant on the left side. Very good Puerto Rico food and American choices as well. There is also a gift store next door with very reasonable prices. Try the Ponderosa for brunch on Sunday - very popular with locals. Just further down the street is a Walgreens. This as again a very short walk from the hotel.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Connor
<Content>Once a grand hotel....a long long time ago. This hotel has an impressive lobby and is THE place to go on a weekend night. Great dancing / this is where local go to dance! I could tell that years ago this was a 4 or 5 star resort. Now its about a 2 star at best. At a 4 star price!The rooms are horrible. Stained carpets, faucets do not work, dirty bed sheets, stained towels. Just plain old and filthy! We were in a spa suite and the spa was stained and plumbing so poor the spa -tub could only be flilled 1/4 of the way. Fine since there was no way I was going to get in the flithy thing. Power went out on occasion (stranding our friends in an elavator). We all took the stairs after that! The staff was rude. Kept asking us for proof we were guests of the hotel. Note we were a large group of married couples in our mid 30s. Finally an employee explained that several robberies had recently taken place on the beach at the property! Also it was Very expensive. Same prices for food and drinks as Hawaii. Stay away from this place!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Moonrivernyc
<Content>Classy Lobby, Okay Room, But Enough Value For The Price       Swimming Pool 2  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meccanj98
<Content>Great Time!!!!! I was very scared with all the reviews I read about the hotel. The room was damp and the carpets were stained, but everything else was great. The staff was very apologetic for the conditions and very excited to tell us about the renovations. The cleaning staff was great and very efficient. The lobby was the place to be. The pool area was fun. The bottom line is they are doing renovations and probably didn't want to redo carpets that were being replaced. I enjoyed this place and look forward to staying there when they are done!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>tygerlily
<Content>Not Worth The Money We stayed there the weekend before Valentine's Day and the prices were ridiculous, but we decided to splurge. THE GOOD: the lobby is truly impressive, and it is definitely THE spot to be at night. THE BAD: the actual hotel rooms aren't very big, thermostats don't work too well, and there were tiny bugs on the table. To be fair, I think in the caribbean there seems to be these types of bugs everywhere perhaps due to the humidity that the AC doesn't keep under control completely (they look like tiny dots that move, and you can't see them unless you're very observant). Overall, it wasn't horrible, but the prices are way out of line for the quality of room you are getting.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klegov
<Content>Awful! We switched hotels! What a horrible hotel--and expensive to boot! We flew in for a conference and it was one of the worst hotel experiences I've had in a long time. Our first hotel room had a very dirty floor--and the hook lock on the door was busted. The second hotel room we stayed in the Casitas was even worse. The floor was DISGUSTING and the shower was worse. Although the grounds of the hotel are nice, the actual pools felt very slimy to me. And the overall service at the hotel was horrible. They snatched our bags from us without even asking upon arriving and then charged us a $6 fee for using the bellhop service...I expect to be treated like a queen when I'm at a hotel with all of the traveling my husband and I do and this was by far the worst...I've had better experiences at low-end motels.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>RicoEduardo
<Content>Stay away from El San Juan What a disappointment! The lobby is gorgeous, but that was the end of the magic for me. I stayed in the Casitas section. If I didn't know better, I'd think Casitas was Spanish for small, dark, and shabby. Certainly nothing like the pictures on the website. I had lunch at La Veranda. The service was very slow, and the menu was dull. I left the breakfast room service doorhanger on my doorknob at 10pm, and it was never picked up. Next time, I'll stay somewhere else on the island.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>hyaddjjuuue
<Content>go somewhere else Since I had stayed here back in 2003 and the service and rooms were OK, I ignored the more recent reviews. That was a mistake. No one told us that they were renovating and I was shocked at how run down the hotel had gotten in 3 years. Our room was not ready until 6:00pm at night, and then we realized that there was no window in the room. It was a concrete wall with a curtain in front of it. In this tropical paradise I had to call the activities desk each morning to see what the weather was like. The staff is rude, and they are also understaffed. Jackhammers start at 8:00am each morning. You get 2 bath towels per day. no face cloths. To get them takes an act of congress. They also advertise things on their website like 4th night free, or rooms at $139 but there is always a gimmick to go with it.The hotel only starts their room renovation in December 2006. I would give it 3 years before ever trying this property again. I hope along with the refurbished rooms, they refurbish their staff with friendly people who care  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>sammychel
<Content>Numerous Problems There were a few problems that I experienced at this hotel. The first problem was check in which was supposed to be at 4:00. When we arrived they informed us that the room was not ready and to try back in an hour. Upset, tired from our plane ride and hungry, we decided to get something to eat. We returned to be told the room was still not ready. There were numerous couples and families waiting in the lounge to check in. Finally after checking in, the bathroom was in deplorable condition with mold everywhere. There were also stains all over the carpets. When I went to put my valuables in the safe, to my surprise the safe was removed from the closet. The following morning I was awaken at 8:00 a.m. by hammering, banging and drilling. Don't let the beatiful photos of this hotel and lobby fool you. It was obvious that the delay in checking in was not due to housekeeping , it seemed housekeeping cleaned the room with blinders on!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>suarez36
<Content>i liked it and i am picky everrything can' be perfect.. i personally didn't have a problem with the hotel maybe the mosquitoes around the pool area.. at night and the casitas.. rm 101 to be exact.. the only food i enjoyed was the italian restaurant and they let us take it out to our room with china and every thing .. great veal chop and mussels... the pools where great and they led out to the beach ..great beach with drink service and food.. the breakfast in the hotel you can skip and any restuarant to the left of the hotel horrible even denny's.. eat luch and dinner at the metropol (near the cockfight bld) the concierge staff were great ..ask alot of ?'s to get the answers you want .. great and perfect long island and the lobby middle bar and all the drinks were really good for 9.00 i am picky about drinks...other than that i loved it a little pricey but that is san juan ... the nightlife was good club brava and lazer.. old san juan just shops and restaurant with the forts... nice email if you have ?'s nyc the rooms were great you are just sleeping there..??  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Naguabo
<Content>What a Horrible Nightmare High class expensive DUMP:Our children made a reservation in the San Juan Hotel and Casino, Isla Verde Puerto Rico 7/14-7/17 2006 $896.00,. as a gift for Dad's 70th brithday. We checked in on Friday the 14th , that's when our NIGHTMARE began. The day was shot !! we were given ROOM 426, dirty, musty smelly, dingy rugs, in front of the closet the rug was wet , a leak from the A/C vent, this room located next to the elevator is like living next to the railroad tracks, it overlooks the roofs of other buildings A/C units ,pipes and vents with the ocean at a far distance.We called to complaint and were told they would send someone, after a 45 minute wait just seating and wating, we decided to go to the front desk and have our room changed. A very annoyed clerk told us they had no other rooms , they are going THROUGH RENOVATIONS, to try ROOM 326 another DUMP, next to the elevator were a dirty tissue had been left behind , on the smoking floor and NO windows. We again complaint, butNo one cared why we were there. Since we had no other place to sleep we spent the night there, after calling the kids and told them what was happening. Thank GOD , AMEX was able to move us out next morning .Don't beleive the hipes, the AMBIANCE, is all LOBBY. From this experience, is an expensive high class DUMPSTER..Never to return, and passing on the word .Agustina  Anibal Perez  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ADCS
<Content>Ambilent About the Accommodations The 4-Star Rated El San Juan Hotel and Casino in Isla Verde (San Juan) Puerto RicoAmbivalent About the AcommodationsJune 24, 2006By: A Trumbull, CT Family TravelerMy husband and 12-year old twins, and two other familes decided to arrive San Juan one to two days prior to our cruise ship departure in order to ensure a relaxed arrival and some time to unwind. We, and one family, had never been to Puerto Rico and the other family of 5 had stayed at a Marriot Resort a year or two before and had a wonderful time. That family had accolades for their experience at that Marriot Resort. Anyway, since we wanted to be relatively close to Old San Juan and the pier, we narrowed down our choices to the Marriott Sellaris, The Hilton Carribe and the Wyndham El San Juan and the Ritz-Carlton ALL of the on-line reviews were mixed for these four hotels and our travel agent said to go with the San Juan as she had stayed there before. (We were surprised about the mixed review of the Ritz-Carlton.) So, since we liked the idea that the El San Juan not only had a couple of pools, it also had one of the larger beaches plus the casino. For one night, we needed simply a standard room, non-smoking, two double beds ($425 a night) and the larger family confirmed TWO standard ADJOINING non-smoking rooms as they had a 16-, 8-, and 9-year old. Rosemarie, John and their 18-year old son arrived a day prior to us and had no difficulties. We arrived around 2 p.m., checked in, and left our bags in their storage area. The family of 5 had problems: There was only one room booked! They had their AmEx bill with them and showed the clerk that TWO rooms had been paid for. The hotel was very crowded, service was slow. It took about an hour to straighten out the mess, but they were still trying to find another room anywhere for our friends. Hungry and getting late, we decided to eat lunch overlooking the pool area. There were no other diners and we were seated immediately. Our drinks came quickly and we placed our orders (hamburgers, salads - the basics). It took close to 45 minutes to get lunch and it was somewhat expensive for what we ordered - 4 adults and 5 kids. Just a meal and a soda or water. No coffee, no desserts. Anyway, we got our bags and went to our room. It was warm, the A/C wasn't working and a ceiling tile was removed exposing wires. Just as we were about to call, two hotel personnel came in and called down to the desk to get our room changed. One informed us that she had previously alerted the desk staff that this room was under renovation and not to be used. My twins and I went to the pool and, an hour later!! my husband joined us as it took that long to find us a room. Our family of 5 friends FINALLY got two rooms but they were on two different floors! Being in the lobby, we could see many others who had arrived were having similar problems. The next morning, from 6:30 a.m. to 7:00 a.m., we were awakened by a loud, non-stop buzzing as if a construction crew had started working. It was Sunday and when I called the front desk to alert them, they said it wasn't construction and other guests had called and Security was handling it. The sound stopped shortly afterward, resumed briefly and finally stopped completely. Starting around that time we also heard planes taking off from the airport as the hotel is only about 5 or 10 minutes away and the flight pattern goes over the hotel. I had called the hotel directly when we booked and asked if there was any airplane noise and received a vague answer of not really. We really can't complain about airplane noise as we were fully aware of the hotel's location in relation to the airport and we decided to stay anyway. Be aware, this might really bother people staying here more than one night. Yes, the hotel, old but beautiful, under renovation according to staff, was charming and convenient. The pools and beach very nice. By the way, once the lobby cleared, I quietly asked the desk clerk if something could be done since we had been polite, quite and patient regarding our rooms. The manager sent us 2 free breakfast vouchers for the next day. NOTE: Breakfast buffet was $25 per person. Even with the 2 vouchers, we didn't feel like spending $50 for breakfast for the twins. We asked the Conceriege for a breakfast recommendation in Old San Juan that opened early. We and the family of 5, took a cab into Old San Juan; enjoyed a standard American type breakfast which amounted to about $25 for the 4 of us and about $30 for the other 5 . The restaurant was clean and service was quick. (At the hotel, they would have spent $125 for breakfast before tip.) We did some touring of Old San Juan and the Fort before heading back to the hotel to check out at noon and head for the pier. After vacation, Rosemarie checked her AmEx bill and found out the hotel had double billed them . . . We didn't hate the hotel/service, but we all agreed that if staying in San Juan again we would try another hotel next time.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jwooley
<Content>Stay At The New Marriott-Condado! This hotel has a beautiful lobby and great but expensive restuarants but visit, DO NOT SLEEP HERE! The carpets were filthy, on our balcony there was chipped paint, dirty furniture all as you gazed down on dead plants. The lack of cleanliness sure made you question the bedding. I had a very upseting incident where the security gaurd refused to let my 15 year old grandson pass from the pool area to the hotel. It was late in the day and he hed removed his wrist band for the day Although he gave a valid name and room# the guard told him he was not a registered guest and he could go no further. Luckily, he found me on the beach to speak on his behalf. My son and grandson have the same name and there were 2 rooms in my sons name. But when we checked in they never asked for all names staying in the room. So the guard chose to embarrass my grandson and upset me than to figure out the obvious and take issue with the desk. If I were going to PR I would stay in the condado area. Its newer and nicer than where this hotel is. I walked into the new marriott there-what a difference!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible experience. Do not stay here! This place was horrible right from check in. We payed $250/night plus taxes, as it was our honeymoon. We reserved the La Vista room (garden room), and they gave us a bungalo room instead because they were sold out (called las casitas room), which was absolutely horrible. The rooms are old and worn, extremely dirty (floors, bed, bathroom, coffee maker), black stains on the curtains, and a broken balcony door that made it unsafe. Horrible service (minifridge was not restocked, we were charged for valet parking we didn't use, etc), fiesty front desk clerks, and a rude manager who didn't care when I complained about these things. We were not offered any compensation, and they were unable to change our room. I wish i had read the overlapping bad reviews of El San Juan before I booked it. I would rather have stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel (next door), which was similar price, much nicer/cleaner, and you can walk over to the casino and nightclub to use El San Juan's facilities. Do not stay here! It is not worth having to complain while you are trying to enjoy a beautiful island.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>acptravel
<Content>SO BAD WE LEFT-DON'T STAY HERE What a nightmare. This hotel is the biggest rip-off. We arrived June 23rd, 2006. I'll admit, upon walking into the hotel, we were impressed. The lobby is beautiful, no one can argue that. But that's also where anything outstanding about this hotel ended. We were taken to our room by the bellman. When we went to open our door, a repairman was inside and we were told to wait in the hall. So, there stood my husband, myself, and the bellman with our luggage for a good 20 minutes. The repairman finally left carrying soggy ceiling tiles from our room. We walked inside and the room was so muggy and damp that the carpet was wet and the mirrors COMPLETELY fogged over. The bathroom sink had a leak onto the floor, and I looked at the shower and wished I had brought shower shoes with me. But, we changed and decided to hit the casino, have some drinks, and grab dinner. We came back to our room around 11pm after a long day of traveling to get some sleep. We were on the 7th floor over-looking the pool. Well, there was LOUD, and I mean LOUD, music coming from the pool deck. We got ready for bed, thinking it would stop. At midnight I called the frontdesk to ask how late they would be playing, and they told me 4am. There is NO WAY anyone facing the pool slept that night. We left the next morning and went to the Ritz. There's not enough time or space to write all the negatives, just please heed all the warnings and DO NOT BOOK HERE. Pay a few extra dollars for a nicer hotel (and I recommend the Ritz, not much price difference, and well worth every extra penny)  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Wonderful Vacation It is true that the rooms need to be refurbished-we stayed in the Garden Lanai in adjoining rooms. The rooms were spacious, with enough bureau and closet space. The rooms were clean and there was absolutely no signs of bugs in the interior. The room service was very accomodating, bringing up extra towels, coffee, etc. Our party consisted of 8, so this was a blessing. We loved sitting on the patio in the mornings and in the evenings. The beds were comfortable, and there were extra blankets in the large clost.The pools were wonderful, and the service to be was good 90% of the time. However, we have a suggestion for management- Don't close the bars and towel services so early. 5 or 5:30 is way to early when a person is at a beach and pool resort. i think 7 pm would be more in line- considering check-in is at 4 pm. Most incoming guests settle in their rooms, and hurry to this truly beautiful pool area and wham!!!! you can not get a towel nor a tropical drink to celebrate your 1st evening in paradise.The lobby and bar area were gorgeous! The bands were all very good. You can enjoy sitting there with your family and enjoy the evening. All the wait staff was extremely accomodating, and friendly. However...........When you reach the casino do not expect the same friendly service. If you play the slots you will need to bring your own drinks and your own ash trays. The waitresses only service the card tables and if you finally get one of their attention, they act annoyed that you ask them for a drink- be it coffee, water or alchohol. This was a big surprise to me, as I was there almost every evening. I finally got the hang of bringing in my own drink and ash tray from the bar. Management needs to take care of the gamblers, as i am sure they bring a good deal of revenue to this hotel. I think more care needs to be taken in this area, and your casino staff needs a lesson from your lobby staff.All in all a very enjoyable time, very good food in the restaurants, pricey but good. There are some smaller restaurants and fast food places out on the avenue that are worth checking out.A wonderful tropical experience!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>El stinko or el don't go !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Are vacation started with reservations that resulted in are room not being avalible. This was after ariving at MIDNIGHT. We finally got to are room at 2:00 am to find a leacking air conditioning unit, dirty floors, little bugs, and blunt shavings near the bed, along with marijauna stuck in the spare blanket very inappropriate . However we tried to enjoy are trip. We enjoed the restaurants, night club and found the lobbie to be beautiful. Apon leaving we faced another issue with this disorginized rude front desk. They charged use $45 valet parking which we were using cabs. $20 for towel that had been returned, $8 for water that was never touched avalible in your dirty rooms. We truly wish we would have read the trip advisory before booking at this nightmare hotel !!  PS we learned to research hotels before booking Melissa  Edgar  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>o-towntraveler
<Content>Forget the San Juan!!! Just recently stayed at this hotel on jun 1. the lobby is very nice but the service is awful. the power went off  only the casino was operating. the rooms were old  there were roaches on the carpet  in the hall. the front desk clerks were rude  the lobby had many clients complaining. the restaurant at the pool has terrible service. we waited 40 minutes to be served our first drinks. I will never stay at this place. I checked out  went next door to the intercontinenal hotel were everything was truly first class. FOLKS SPEND THE $30-40 and stay at the Intercontintel so that your trip to P.R. will be memorable and not disgusting and upsetting if you stay at this lousy hotel.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Juliess31
<Content>So-so stay at the El San Juan We just spent our honeymoon at the El San Juan Hotel. We were there from June 1 until June 9, and have mixed reviews. I will start with the positives:1. The lobby is beautiful and a fun place to be if you are staying in the Isla Verde area. Wednesday through Sunday there is a band playing in the lobby and tons of vacationers and locals come to hang out and have fun. It is a great spot.2. Javier, the bartender at the lobby bar, is GREAT. He is attentive, makes good drinks, and is very friendly.3. We stayed in a Garden Lanai room, by the pool. The rooms are spacious and have nice, private balconies. I will discuss the negatives attached to the room below.4. We thought most of the staff was very nice (bartenders, pool staff, engineering staff, housekeeping, bellmen, valets, and many of the restaurants).5. There is a world class italian restaurant in the hotel that is worth every penny (can't remember the name, but its next to the Palm). 6. Because it was our honeymoon, the front desk attendant upgraded our room from what we had originally booked.7. It is very convenient that you can book tours directly in the lobby, and rent a car if you wish.8. My husband and I both had great spa massages. I had an 80 minute hot stone massage, which was unbelievable, and he had a 50 minute four hand massage (two therapists administer the massage at the same time - we like to call it a menagessage......)On to the negatives:1. Although they tell you check in is at 4:00, we were unable to check into our room the day we arrived until almost 5:00. This especially sucked, since we arrived at 11:00 in the morning. When we asked at the front desk if we could please have something different than the specific room pegged for us, we were told the hotel was sold out. We later found out the hotel was only at about 60% occupancy.2. The day after we arrived, the power went out (Friday) from about 5:45 pm until after 2:00 in the morning in the main building. Luckily for us, we were staying in the Garden Lanai building, and the electricity came on around 10:30 there. However, there were several problems associated with this. First, the backup generator, while powering the casino and ice machines (so people could continue to gamble and drink) didn't power the air conditioning (it was like 100 degrees). This is a bad choice of what to provide power to in an emergency. Also, in the garden lanai building, NONE of the emergency hallway lights worked. It was pitch black and seemingly dangerous. We found an elderly woman kind of stuck in the stairwell not knowing what to do - luckily she was staying next door to us so we all walked to our room together. Also, there were teenagers running up and down the dark hallways, and security was nowhere to be seen. We actually went to the pharmacy and bought our own flashlights, feeling quite unsafe.3. There are proms at the hotel EVERY night! It appears the kids are allowed to rent rooms as well, so there are teenagers all over the place, using all the hottubs, being drunk, and generally making the resort less relaxing than it should be.4. Our shower didn't work correctly (there was a bunch of water trapped between the tub liner and the tub). It would leak out with a foul odor, and it took us three front desk calls to get engineering to come to the room. The engineer who did come to the room, Roberto, was great, and basically offered to come to our room every time it leaked and clean it up. Other than that, we were not given a new room or anything.5. The rooms need some sprucing up - definitely some wear and tear due to age. I hear a renovation is going to begin in six months.6. The restaurant The Ranch has a horrible manager. We were there at 5:20, told they opened at 5:30, and to wait ten minutes while they had their staff meeting. At 5:50, we decided to just leave - the manager can't seem to get her restaurant open on time, and didn't understand that she should try to prevent us from leaving and apologize. Overall, we would be unlikely to stay at this hotel agian, although we didn't think it was as awful as the other reviews indicated.On to the negatives:  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ESHA12
<Content>Has my heart..... I have been to this hotel more times then I can count. Yes, the rooms are getting consistently worse every time I go. But, the rest of the hotel is classic. Laying poolside, drinking an ice cold drink and listening to music is what I think about when I picture this hotel. The lobby in the evening is amazing....luxury at it's best. The restaurants inside the hotel (Palm, etc.) are expensive but what isnt in PR. I always enjoy the food here. The casino is fun and a lucky place for me. Never had anyone be rude to me in all the years I've been visiting this hotel. Once again, I agree....rooms need a HUGE overhaul but it wont keep me from paying my quick weekend getaway visits to the El San Juan. Oh, and did I forget to mention the absolutely SMOKIN spa and the unforgetable massages? Makes the whole trip worthwhile :)  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MMMT
<Content>PLEASE stay away! I stayed at the El San Juan three or four years ago, and I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. It is now dirty. The pool, the rooms, the common areas, everywhere is just disappointing and really below standard. Our room was infested with small white spiders or some kind of bug, and we checked out at MIDNIGHT and went over to the Ritz Carlton which is breathtakingly beautiful, and a resort with top of the line service, incredible staff and wonderful attention to detail. The El San Juan staff was unfriendly, uncooperative, and unphased by the pig sty they were trying to pass off as a high level luxury resort. PLEASE do not even attempt to stay at this place. Its truly bad.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five star in its prime, lots of stars have now fallen I am not surprised with the poor reviews. The El San Juan has a beautiful lobby and excellent location, but that is about all it has to offer. Service is extremely poor, i.e. maids and bellboys complainting in the corridors about how little they get paid and how the %$# guests are cheap and don't leave big tips, I heard this in spanish, but they should know bilingual people exist! The burgers are $ 16 poolside, coronas $7, tip not included, these are reasonable prices for a 5 star hotel, but trust me this is not one, I've travelled overseas extensively and if you want luxury you have to pay for it, but if you pay and get a run down building, lousy food accompanied by chips for big bucks then you are being ripped off. Power was out most Friday night, no apology from anyone, they gave me a 99 cent flashlight and there was no AC, they offered to relocate you at your own expense. (Not a good idea at 1:00 am) The high tax applies to all hotel in PR but you should be aware. Good number of the staff had an attitude and someone didn't know whether brunch was served in their restaurants. Valet parking is a beaurocracy, be ready to wait. Rooms are literally falling apart, UNBELIEVABLE. Poolside rooms can't close completely, have a lots of cracks, good rooms if you are adventurous and like to share your hotel room with all kinds of little creats. The pool area needs lots of fixing, it has a lot of potential, it's spacious and the beach is in front of the complex. Wyndham by the way is no longer affiliated with this hotel. Next time in PR, I'll stay somewhere else but wil most likely still come to the El San Juan lobby for drinks and entertainment.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute Joke I couldn't agree more with all the people who had an unpleasant visit. The staff is rude, the food is fit for dogs, and the prices are completely ridiculous. The rooms were disgusting, and the club that plays music until 5 a.m. on Thursday-Saturday will keep you awake if you're on the lower floors. DO NOT stay here.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to these Narcist spoiled crybabies! Hotel is FABULOUS! I've stayed at this hotel twice and both times were absolutely unforgetable. Yes the hotel is old in age but it is VINTAGE! Doesn't anyone appreciate that anymore??? The lobby is fabulous and it makes you feel like you're in a movie, especially on the weekends when it is completely POPPIN'! The ambience is tremendous! You cannot reproduce this beauty in the States. The hotel was built around these beautiful 50+yr old Banyan trees with the roots hanging down (pool area). You get a feeling like you never want to leave the island when you stay at this hotel. OK. The rooms are old and they do need to be renovated but if you're boring and don't like to party then stay at the Ritz with all the other boring slouches and play rich. Let's keep it real, the El San Juan is the way to go if you're looking for both relaxation in the day and getting Krunk at night!  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go next door... We when there for Easter with my wife and 2 children. We were with four friends. We look at three different rooms, all of them sub-standard. You would not believe the sate of the room we saw. The exterior is beautiful but, it is like a rotten eggs, just don鈥檛 go inside. The reception was helpful and reimbursed us. We even had the bell boy telling us how sorry and disgusted he was to see people paying $400 per night for such poorly maintain room. Wyndam has not invested a penny in the hotel in 9 years鈥?Avoid until it gets refurbish. Go to the Intercontinental next door, similar price but great room.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again - its a mistake not to trust the reviews here               More photos  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not listen to whiners... Won a corporate contest for trip to mexico in january, that was foiled by a hurricane and rescheduled for around easter to San Juan. Read all the negative comments about the El San Juan Hotel and Casino and expected a sub-par motel 6. Not the case at all. Yes, the property is older, but it was clean and very nice. Our room also was clean, had new carpet and a great view. The grounds were beautiful, great pools and beach. Yes, it is pricey but what premium resort is not. Security is tight and Secret Service like, which is good. It is what it is. Bring money and a good attitude, and you will have a great time.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travltm
<Content>This hotel should close for renovations, food is terrible, staff unfriendly We stayed at the EL San Juan Hotel Apr 2-6.2006. On check out you are hit with 2 room taxes you are not told about before this, $78/day.The hotel needs to be completely redone. Furniture is old and worn, even the patio furntiture was hanging on by a thread. Carpets were old and dirty with huge stains. Rooms were not clean if you looked past what the eye could see, behind the beds. The Veranda Restaurant's food and service was horrific. Staff made you feel as if you were bothering them. Coffee consisistly cold, staff told us they were waiting for a new urn but it hasn't arrived. After 5 pm you can not get any frozen drinks(Pina Colada) in the main lobby, they don't have blenders. You have to go to the roof restaurant and spend $14 for a frozen large Margaretia. Except for the guacamole at the Tequila Bar and Grill the food is inedible. Boring and nothing to do at night. Would not reccomend this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel is GREAT! I just got back from my trip to PR - we stayed 5 nights at the El San Juan from March 27-April 1. After reading the previous reviews I was a little nervous. I have stayed at this hotel before, 3 years ago and thought it was great. I thought how much can change in 3 years? The answer is NOTHING. The hotel is absolutely great. The lobby is grand, the front desk staff was pleasant  quick. We got there around 1PM and our room was ready. We got a room on the 3rd floor and it was modern  clean. The bathroom was nicely tiled and immaculate. I didn't see a speck of mold or anything these other people have spoke about on this site. The pools are fabulous! They are clean  well kept. We ate at almost every restaurant in the hotel and have nothing but stellar reviews. The prices are not any higher than those in New York City and since I am from there, it didn't phase me. The casino paid out handsomely. The dealers were friendly and sometimes helpful. All in all this hotel is perfect for a nice Puerto Rican getaway. As for the person claiming he found millions of roaches in his bed - he needs to get more familiarized with the species of insects he is talking about - from the picture he posted that looks to me like a cricket - and just for the record - I didn't see ONE bug of ANY sort the entire time I was there. I honestly think some of the people who write in on this site are the types LOOKING for an issue so they can get freebies. I am not one of those people, that is why I took the time to write this review.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont listen to all the bad reviews PLEASE! I just got home from puerto rico, staying at the El San Juan. I want to start off by saying, when I read some of the reviews on here, I almost switched hotels. I stayed at the El San Juan for 5 nights and can honestly say, I loved it! On a typical thursday night, you can just sit in the lobby, have some drinks and people watch for hours! Its amazing. All the locals, and the tourists come to the el san juan just to hang out in the lobby. Most of the people I met were staying at the ritz, and said they wanted to be staying at the ESJ. When we checked in, we had a room on the 3rd floor with a walk out balcony. Honestly, there was nothing horribly wrong with the room. I was expecting to find roaches and stained carpet, but I didnt. The only complaint that I would have would be the mattress was obviously old. Fortunatley, after 3 nights I was lucky enough to move to one of the ocean suites, and it was amazing. If you like night clubs, the hottest club in town is called brava, inside the hotel. On the weekends, theres a line of about 30-40 people, but if your a guest at the hotel, you walk up to the front of the line and get V.I.P. treatment. The rooms do need renovating, and I was told by my casino host there that they are putting in $20 million dollars in renovation. But overall, do not be afraid, the food is absolutley amazing, I recommend eating at pasha. Its a modern mediterranean restaurant. Also, the outside restaurant by the pool has a good breakfast buffet. Just dont order an omlette, it wasnt that great! I think the people who are so upset and writing these horrible reviews are probably just pissed that they spent so much money. The rooms could be a little less pricey. For 5 nights, I spent $1900 on the room. But I can say, it was well worth it! Keep in mind, i had a suite for a couple nights. So, if your planning a trip to Puerto Rico, dont worry, you will probably like the ESJ.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful time After reading some of the other reviews, we were a little hesitate about staying here. But we had a wonderful time, Room was very clean. Service from all aspects was great... room service, maid service, hotel and pool staff. Employees were friendly and most helpful with everything.Thanks for great time.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated - overprized We stayed at the El San Juan for 6 days in February March. As many, we were stunned by the lobby (except for the constant smell of smoke and alcohol even in the morning). The rooms could not be more different from the lobby: Stained carpets, ripped curtains, shabby bathrooms, etc. The worst was that our room had a connecting door to the neighbor's room and we could hear every single word the person next to us was saying. Several complaints to the lobby did not help (they did call security but to no avail). We asked several times for a new room but they were booked out. They only had rooms on the third floor but they openly admitted that these were even louder because they are above the disco which is open very long Thu-Sat. As a matter of fact, a friend of ours had a 3rd floor room and could not sleep. We ended up changing hotels to the Intercontinental next door - what a difference!! The El San Juan did not offer anything for our troubles.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Roaches In Our Pillows, Dirty        Roach in our bed!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>toughbunnyxx
<Content>It's just not the same..... Was a loyal El San Juan guest for years and years, but no more....my husband and I were married there this past July, and while the concierge and staff of La Piccola Fontana were wonderful, the upkeep of the hotel has really decreased. Once you get past the lobby, you can literally see this once chic and gorgeous hotel deteriorating before your eyes. It's too bad, really. It's almost as though they gave up once the Ritz Carlton and Water Club moved in....  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>deceived by the lobby My husband and I with 7 couples stayed at the El San Juan Hotel and Casino. A friend of mine booked the vacation knowing that the hotel rooms were not the best, but that it had a great night life in the lobby, and a great outside pool and beach area. A few days prior my husband went online and read a few disappointing reviews, but decided to think positive because we were only too happy to be going away with friends. Upon arrival to the hotel, the lobby was stunning I was just anticipating the room.  It was not bad at first sight, but then I started really looking around and I gasped! The bathrooms, yes they had nice tile, but they weren't tiled nicely. They were outdated. The toilet looked like a public restroom with the pipe showing half of a toilet seat, and to flush you had to use your foot. The shower/tub, old residue did not smell clean I wore my shoes the whole time while in the bathroom. The towels did not smell fresh. The bed was ok. I tried not to examine too closely being I had to sleep on it. The rugs were stained, the furniture was old and dirty looking. If I had to sit down, I sat on a towel. Thank god that we were there with friends! I cannot tell you how much fun we had at the pool and nearby resturaunts.  Service was really slow, staff not too friendly. We had the opportunity to have breakfast with friends who decided to stay at the Ritz, You can tell the difference in the class of people. The staff was so nice , they went out of their way to make you happy, the guest rooms were immaculate the lobby bathrooms, you could eat off the floor. Had an unbelievable time in Puerto Rico but would not stay at the El San Juan again... JANDJ Turnersville NJ  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it real puerto rico ! I just got back from the el san juan, she is still the most awesome destination in puerto rico. The guest room needs to be renovated but I go to puerto rico for the beach and the night life. And the el san juan has the best of both. Two thumbs way up  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kdmc
<Content>Thumbs up A 3-night getaway at the El San Juan in late January ... it was idyllic. We sent an email ahead of time requesting an early check-in. They wouldn't promise but said they'd try. Sure enough, a room was ready, and it was lovely. A garden room with a private patio and hot tub (somewhat worn but it worked). The room itself was spotless, charming and spacious. We had a sitting area, a huge walk-in closet, comfortable bed, more bureau space than we could use. We had no complaints. The folks at the front desk were helpful and polite. The lobby is drop-dead gorgeous. We spent an hour one evening there just watching the people go by. We only tried one of the restaurants -- for lunch, delicious but expensive, though really what we'd expect to pay at a similar restaurant in Washington (ditto for the drinks at the bars). The pool area is expansive and well-designed, never felt crowded despite the high season. Same for the beach. I'd read the many reviews of the El San Juan ahead of time and seriously considered changing hotels. I'm so glad we didn't. The El San Juan is beautiful, historic and well worth the tariff.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would never stay here agian!!! Feb,28, 2006. Just came back from this very bad experience at a hotel!!! This should not be a 4-5 star hotel. Was not worth the money at all. We even upgraded our room, there where bugs all over the room. the bathroom is so small you can not even dress in it. things are broken. We started by expecting to get a king size bed and did not, and we were told To Bad and for 400 a night you beter give me what i want!! The pool is the best thing about this hotel. The frony desk people were rude and unhelpful. You can not even walk through the lobby after 7 if you have on shorts, flip flops, or tank tops. I am on a tropical island?@?@?@? And if you try to you get stopped like a piece (---) walking into their hotel. If you are looking for a nice, relaxing experience this is not the hotel. I went on a cruise one month ago and really my cruise ship room was bigger than my hotel room here. (I upgraded on the ship also, but come on!!) This island is so pretty though!! Lots of things to see and do. You will love Puerto Rico. just dont stay here!!!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation My boyfriend and I stayed at the El San Juan for a long weekend in February. We booked 2 weeks before we left. The prices were high but Puerto Rico seemed a good choice for a long weekend. After booking I read some of the reviews on this site and to say the least I was nervous. However, we did not cancel as friends and family had been to the El San Juan in the past and loved it. I must say that I worried over nothing. Those who read this should know that my boyfriend and I are in our mid 30's, from NY and both have high paying jobs. We travel at least 3 times a year and stay at 4 and 5 star hotels.There are a lot of complaints about the rooms on this site. Ours was fine. Afterall, how much time do you spend in the room? I would not say that the room was a $455/night room however it was more than adequate and extremely comfortable and clean. For those who complain about the noise of the planes, I suggest that you do not stay in Isla Verde as the airport is literally 5 minutes away. We had a very nice view from our room, the ocean to the left and the mountains to the right. Our patio was very nice and we often sat there when we were getting ready and had a cocktail. I agree that the room is not a 5 star room but you are not paying for the room, you are paying for the hotel. The rooms do need an updating but it is still nice and I would definitely stay here again. On this site I've read complaints about the grounds. THe grounds are gorgeous. Yes, once in awhile you see some leaves floating in the pool but what do you expect when there are so many trees? Come on people this is a beach resort. There is going to be sand and leaves in the pool once in awhile.The hotel was beautiful. It is the hub of social life in San Juan. The club was alike many other clubs except that there are 2 floors with different music playing on each floor. The drinks are small at the club and cost approx $7.50. The hotel bars are beautiful. I drink Grey Goose and it costs $10 a drink. If you are from NY this is reasonable and it also is a decent sized drink. For those of you who are used to buy backs at bars, don't expect any. My boyfriend is a huge tipper (not a 20% tipper, closer to 30-40%)and we did not get one free drink.The Salsa dancing and music every night is great. It really makes you feel like you are on vacation and makes you want to learn how to do it. I loved sitting at the bar after dinner, having a drink and watching people dance.Every dinner that we had was terrific. The Palm, the Italian restaurant and the Mexican restaurant were all very good. Yes, the Palm and the Italian restaurant are not cheap but they are not any more expensive than the places we go to in NY for a nice dinner. It is not going to be cheap if you are eating lobster and steak for dinner. The Mexican Restaurant was reasonable. We had the breakfast buffet once. Yes it was expensive, $60 with tip. However, it is no different than any other Resort buffet breakfast I've been to. We are not big breakfast people but if you are, it was good. The food that you order at the pool was horrendous. For lunch one day I ordered a $16 turkey sandwich and it was gross. It seemed as though it was Oscar Meyer turkey. Yuck. My boyfriend had a hamburger which was okay but not for $18. We had burgers at the pizza place one day and they were huge and good.It was appx $10 a burger. The pizza was okay. For those of you who feel like walking, Lupi's is good for lunch. It is next door to the left of the hotel. Also if you make a right outside the hotel there is every fast food restaurant you can think of.I enjoyed the Casino. I think that it is great that they have $5 and $10 tables. That does not happen in Atlantic City. My biggest complaint about the trip were the dealers. Many were down right rude. Also if you play blackjack make sure you count your cards because on 2 occasions the dealer went to take my money when I had won the hand. However, if you sit at a table with a good crowd the dealers should not bother you. And don't forget... you are on vacation, relax.Overall, I found the service great, the restaurants great, the room sufficient and the hotel beautiful. I think that anyone can find something to complain about anywhere if they look for it. I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sathurston
<Content>Where is the value Just returned from SJ where we escaped the storm and spent a week. Actualy stayed at three different hotels over that period. This was my least favorite. Originaly booked through their web site at $259.00, two days later their site reflected $229.00. One toll-free call and they adjusted the rate. The hotel is very dark with massive wood paneling and cold marble eveywhere. This hotel has everything you will need but I found it hard to see the value. Our room on the 9th floor was just OK no robes, slippers etc. Upon check in there was a strong odor which the FD advised was acid as they were cleaning the air conditioners on the roof. They promised it would go away in an hour, we went out, and upon our return the odor was gone. I did enjoy the nice large balcony at this hotel. This hotel is trying to break away from Wyndham as a result there are mixed messages wihtin the property. Lots of Wynham brand items yet they refuse to honor By Request. (frequent stay program)Thursday night the lobby was a buzz with dancing and live music. As far as resurants go we ate at the pool bar nothing special assorted $14 salads and sandwhiches served in white boxes. There is a decent little sandwhich shop open until 3 am which has pizza, salds and great gellato. On the 10th floor is the spa containing a less than stellar gym and two resuarants. One of them is tex-mex which we love so we gave it a shot. Not bas really liked the BBQ sauce and dinner for two with one drink and app. sharing the big BBQ platter was $70.00.Total tab for one night as $399.00 including and outrageous resort fee of $32.00 (14%)  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tomby
<Content>Hmmm Well, tell me what you think about this. I was actually staying at the ESJ towers hotel next door to the El San Juan. I had thought that they were the same hotel, and that we could use the El San Juan pool and facilities. When I showed my ESJ Towers card we were admitted into the pool, no problem. I also charged a few drinks to my room--signing it with the correct number. The next day they asked my room number at the pool, and when I told them they said that can't be because there aren't that many floors at the hotel! So I was banned from the pool, which was nice and fun. In any case I wanted to pay for the drinks I had mistakenly charged to my room. I called the accounting office, gave them my cc, and nothing. So I finally found the receipts and mailed them a check, which they cashed. I thought the least I could get was a thank you note, even though of course I would not want to have not paid for the drinks. (It was about $30.)  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	2	-1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Roach Motel" Having returned from a one night stay (we changed hotels after the ghastly first night!), we regret that we didn't pay more attention to the other negative reviews of the El San Juan (ESJ). This is truly one of the WORST hotels ever. The lobby, after a night of large crowds, smelled like a frat house the morning after with lingering stale beer and cigar stench. The rooms were HORRIFIC at best. Dark and bleak, suited for one night stands in Times Square. Moldy and dirty carpets, falling plaster from the walls, uncomfortable beds, and dismal old accessories are just some of the higlights. The rooms at the El San Juan need more than a makeover, they need to be demolished and redone from scratch. This is at best a 2 star hotel and should be advertised as such.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful get-away in San Juan We all know that people are quick to write down their bad comments and not the good ones. Well this hotel exceeded our expectations. The staff was very friendly. The ambiance in the pool area was very exotic and unbelievable. They have a swim up pool bar plus tables in the pool. You can walk right up to the beach from the pool which was just as beautiful. We have no comments on the hotel restaurants as we did not eat in any of their restaurants. However, we did order room service which came quick. We definetly can recommend Edith's Cafe which is down the block. It's a small cozy restaurant, the drinks are cheap and their Bistek Encebollado (Steak w/grilled onions) is awesome. The only negative thing I can say about this hotel, is that their drinks are pricey.OverallRooms: decent and clean. Each room has a stereo system with CD player, an alarm clock, and VCR. Staff: friendly and helpful. Always would greet us, open the doors for us and give us directions to places.Food: Only thing we ate their was pizza in our room, service was quick and pizza wasn't that bad, expected worse.Drinks: Pricey We plan on going again, next time taking the kids.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mrsez
<Content>It's Not That Bad! Positive Review! we're just back from xmas at the el san juan - stayed for 8 nights...our travel agent said that we should stay there because of the action in the lobby for the teenagers in our group of 11...after reading all the negative reviews on tripadvisor we were a little nervous and wanted to switch to the ritz carlton...but i can honestly report that it was a GREAT vacation...yes, the rooms are a little shoddy and we're used to staying at Four Seasons hotels...but compared to what i was expecting - it was totally ok...we had two adjoining standard rooms on the 7th floor...the staff couldn't be nicer - everyone has a smile and is helpful...we had no problem with housekeeping or checking in...yes, you can hear the planes but that's the price for a quick drive from the airport...the beach was beautiful and we had no problem getting 11 chairs set up for us every day...the guy at the beach, chicky, was amazing...the 2 pools are beautiful and the grounds are a tropical paradise...we lunched at the beachside restaurant = or just ordered at the bar and ate at our beach chairs...or we went to pizza place in lobby to bring back the most delicious pizzas and sandwiches...the coffee bar in the lobby was convenient for tea, coffee, and pastries.. the kids had lots of stuff to do on the beach = water sports were right there..there was a drugstore not to far away to stock up on snacks for the kids...the lobby at night was really something = tons of kids roaming around...the lobby is gorgeous, sort of like a las vegas hotel on a small scale except that it's the real thing = old world elegance...old san juan felt like europe - really fun to walk around...every restaurant was amazing...some of the best food we've ever had and we live right near NYC...i would put the food equal to food in las vegas and aspen...we ate at the palm in the hotel,kudeta in OSJ, fontana di roma (above hojo hotel), tangerine at water club, pikayo, pamela's on the beach, parrot club and al dente - both in OSJ...pikayo was delicious but the atmosphere was a little corporate and antiseptic and a little too fancy for the teens...that's the only restaurant i wouldn't go back to - and they charged $25 for a really tiny bowl of plain pasta that one of the kids ordered... so i give the vacation a TEN and would go back next year...  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rrl1
<Content>Expectations were low but we had a great time!!!       Lobby at night  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of Moldy Mattress We stayed from Nov. 18 through Nov. 25, 2005. We made our Thanksgiving reservations the first week of April. I agree with most people describing the entry and lobby as beautiful. Unfortunately, we were unable to find a bellman when we arrived at 2:00 PM and proceeded to the front check in desk with our luggage. We were informed that check-in was at 4:00 PM, although it is still advertised on Wyndham鈥檚 web site as 3:00 PM check- in. By the way, we booked it because we are Wyndham By Request members only to find out that Wyndham sold the property. We came back at 4:00 PM and asked a front desk clerk for our room. He flippantly and rudely replied it wasn鈥檛 ready. When asked when it would be ready, he said, 鈥淚 don鈥檛 know, maybe around 5:00 PM.鈥?This was a Friday afternoon and the front desk area was virtually empty from the time we arrived until we got our room sometime after 5:00 PM. Any dealings with had with the front desk were well below satisfactory. (By the way, my sister arrived the same day at 11:00 AM and checked right in to the Intercontinental Hotel next door and got a beautiful ocean front room.) Although we paid for a 鈥渟uperior room鈥?which amounted to $320 for two of the nights, we were given a standard room that I can only describe as absolutely dismal. Our first room was on the 4th floor overlooking a well-worn roof. The patio and the furniture were absolutely filthy and the door only locked from the outside. We were eventually moved to a 鈥渟uperior room鈥?located on the 9th floor (931) directly above the original room (431). Although the view was better, the room was even worse. The patio was filthy, rugs stained and worn, moldy smelling, and bed covering appalling. In addition, all of the stereo equipment had been removed as well as the phone in the bathroom. The bathroom was extremely small and very well worn. We never saw the 鈥減lush鈥?robes that were advertised. If what I have already described is not enough for concern, we were abruptly awoken on the last night of our stay by water pouring down on us from the ceiling. We jumped out of bed soaking wet and looked at the ceiling tile gushing water and brown debris on the bed. We immediately called the front desk who sent two housekeeping people to our room. They took off the wet sheets, flipped over the soggy mattress and put fresh sheets on the bed. We asked where the water came from and they said the health club was on the floor above us. We never received any sort of apology from the hotel or even an offer of cleaning our wet clothes. If what I have told you isn鈥檛 enough to dissuade you from staying in this hotel, I advise you to beware of the beds you might be sleeping on, particularly in Room 931!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Firstman
<Content>A fine weekend getawat I hesitated to give 3 or 4 stars to this property. I would have given 3 1/2 if it was an option. The hotel itself is full of life and activity- much more so than the surrounding places like the Intercontinental. There is a lot to do here while primarily sitting around, and the restraurants are pretty good for a resort. I wished there were more casual places, like a coffee shop or decent snack place. The rooms are fine, although they could definitely use a facelift. Don't bother asking for a better room, they're pretty unaccomodating especially when only paying $169 a night. I think that when they renovate this year the place will be great. The people who work at the El San Juan are really nice, and they seem to be proud of what they do. Hardly any attitude and lots of smiles (other than the desk clerk who was rude when I asked to switch rooms, but there is a bad apple in every bunch.) Oh yeah- and what more could you want than lying on the beach next to Derek Jeter??  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs Up I never even thought of going to Puerto Rico Before. Booked the El San Juan a week in advance dispite some of the reviews. The staff was great, I couldn't say a bad thing about any of them. Drinks were a little pricey but for what I would consider the hottest night life there, you need to spend some money. If your single or just an energetic couple, this is the place. I will be back to the El San Juan soon.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Indian91
<Content>Mixed review of the Wyndham ESJ My wife and I just returned from a week at the Wyndham ESJ and had a mixed experience. I will provide a quick review of the positives and negatives:Check-in: PoorWe arrived at 5:00 PM and were told by the front desk clerk that our room wasn't ready yet, despite the fact that check-in was listed at 4:00 PM. The clerk took my cell phone number and told me that he would call us as soon as the room was ready. After 45 minutes and no call, I called to find out what was going on and the same clerk put me on hold for five minutes. I called back and asked to speak with the front desk manager, and presto, the clerk picked up the phone and told me that our room was ready and a key was promptly produced.Room: Below averageI concur with the other posters who said that the rooms were shabby. Our room (818), while clean, had a moldy smell and the carpet was worn in several places. The rooms could really use an upgrade. People considering this hotel should also note that a busy airport runway is located only a few hundred yards away from the hotel and during peak air traffic hours, the noise can be deafening. Maid service was prompt and reliable. The room was always cleaned by mid-afternoon. In summary, I expect a much nicer room for $275/night (all-in). Pool: ExcellentThe pool area is fantastic. The grounds are clean and well-maintained. The pool waitstaff is friendly and attentive, but never pushy. I often brought my own beer to the pool and was never hassled. My only complaint about the pool is that bad music was constantly being played at a high volume - it sounded like soft porn music. We asked the staff to turn it down a couple of times and they complied. The ocean beach is also nice and located just outside the pool area.Casino and Bar: ExcellentThis is what makes the Wyndham ESJ worth the money. On Thursday-Saturday, the stunning lobby, bars and casino explode with music, dancing and action. I really can't describe it - you need to see it to believe it. We were playing Blackjack next to Derek Jeter one night. We also bumped into Governor Pataki (NY) in the lobby.Restaurants: GoodThe Japanese place (Yamato) is very good and the teppanyaki chefs are entertaining. The food is decent at the poolside cafe and Palm is a solid steakhouse. These places are all very pricey - nine bucks for a rum punch! Go across the street and try Mi Casita and Metropole for reasonable, authentic Puerto Rican and Cuban fare, respectively.Gym: ExcellentPlently of treadmills and a nice assortment of machines and free weights. We had a really good vacation, but the next time, I will probably stay at the Intercontinental (for a nicer, less expensive room) and party at the Wyndhan ESJ.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beauty and the Beast I was in San Juan to celebrate my birthday and was very disappointed with this hotel. Upon arriving at the hotel and not being helped with my bags, I should have turned around and left then but I was happy to be away and thought no big deal. Let me start by saying that the entryway and lobby at first glance are breathtakingly beautiful. The employees are all rubbing and buffing the brass and polishing the old wood. You walk in and get an old world cuban feel. Then the lingering odor of stale cigars invade your nostrals. You approach the registration counter were in are given your key and directions to your room. (By the way if you were expecting a oceanview, don't. We were told the hotel was build perpendicular to the ocean so know one has a full ocean view except the $800.00 a day suites which are all ground level oceanview.)Once we walked a mile with bags in hand to the elevator that would lead us to our 2 flr room of the gardenview, panic set in because that's when all the beauty started to disappear. The carpets changed to a smelly moldy green floor pad. The carpet in front of my room 267 looked as if someone had spilled milky or soething white on it. I walked into the assigned room and could not believe what I saw in front of me. The ceiling tiles were wet and moldy. The dirt buildup on the sliding glass doors were so thick I thought it was tar. I could tell the carpet had not been vacuumed from the things I found on the floor and in back of the room chair. There was writting on the walls among other things on the walls. The vents had black sut masked across the entire opening. An once again the room smelled stale. I immediately called my agent who had me moved to another room until I could get out of that hotel the next day and into another hotel. The next room was in the Tower which I was assuming would be much better. Wrong again. I got to look at the roof of the building for my view. I had to clean the bathroom with cleaner I brought from the market across the street. There was rust in the tub and sink. There was no hot water. There was hair in the bed and it was not mine. Needless to say I was completely applauded. This place was a nightmare. I can't think of a better word to discribe it other than to say it was pure nasty. Just out and out dirty. I spoke with management who I must say was very receptive of my complaints and did make every attempt to correct what she could, but my mind was already made up to vacate this property. So much is spent on the lobby and it's upkeep that there probably isn't enough funds left to make the rooms nice. You go from Top of the line to bottom of the barrel in just an elevator ride. Not worth the money. Not worth half the money I spend. This should be rated closer to a 2* then a 4*.Motel 8 would have been better. What they need to understand is that the room is the first thing you see in the morning and the last thing you see at night. Vacationer should at the very least get a clean room. I ran into 6 other people who had at sometime or another stayed at this hotel with simular experiences. One couple stated that the hotel was being bought by a new company and that it would be updated soon. But they would not take a chance on returning. If dirt, mold and sut are part of your vacation requirements then this place is for you.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Lot418
<Content>Not the Best Place to Stay for the Money We stayed at the El San Juan from November 17 - 19 2005 before heading out to the BVI. Dont waste your $$$ on this place. The beach is nice and the pool area is nice but the rooms were not so good. The bathrooms have loovered doors and i dont like that. Second the showers are super small -- my husband had to stand sideways to take a shower. The patio was dirty with bird droppings and was not cleaned at all the entire stay. There was moss growing up the walls of the patio. And for the best of all we were in room 323 right above the DISCO which went till 2 a.m. and we did not get any sleep. I did not complain because they were not very helpful at the front desk and i was only staying for 2 nights. But we did not sleep at all. The restaurants looked nice but we did not eat at them. In my opinion stay at the Inter Continental. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay- will stay again The hotel has two huge pools with 3 jacuzzi- beach access-poolside bar. We stood in a standard room with the pool view and it was great. COMFORTABLE bed GREAT shower pressure, very very roomy. The only thing is save up money for food its very expensive a simple breakfast could cost around $15.00- drinks are about average $9.00- the only thing I was uncomfortable was the dress code- you have to dress casual night wear in order to enter throught the main lobby due to dinner, dancing and cocktails drinks taking place. I didnt like to fell like an outsider and have to eneter through the side when I came very tired from sight-seeing. They have many activities here and I rather stay at another hotel thats more affordable, then spent $$$$ here, on amenities alone.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CHNJ
<Content>Enjoyed our stay!!! I was quite worried about staying at this hotel after reading a few recent reviews. I must say I was pleasantly surprised how nice the hotel was when we arrived. The lobby is indeed very impressive. The hotel staff was very nice. Our room was ready when we arrived around 1:30pm from the airport. It was fine, the bathroom was clean, nice outdoor patio. The beds were a little old though. Unfortunately, we had to move because there was a vibration from the kitchen below us. Not a big deal, just down the hall.The room was pretty much the same. But in the end how much time do you spend there? The pool area was fantastic. The service was pretty good as well. We relaxed every day! What a view. We regret that we did not know about the rooftop restaurants until our last day when we started wandering around the hotel before going to the airport. What a great view and we were told a great mexican restaurant on the 10th floor should not be missed.We took a tour of the rainforest. We enjoyed the outing. We went to Old San Juan one day, I thought it was very commercial, not what we expected at all.I would prefer to stay further from the airport next time. You do hear the planes at night and a few during the day while at the pool. You also hear the music playing below when you are in your room.I would recommend the hotel though if you want to be in San Juan. We would consider staying there again in the future.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do yourself a favor, don't stay here. The hotel is not terrible, but this is only because the pool and beach are very nice (although the cushions on the lounge chairs need replacing), the lobby is stunning and the casino retains a sense of mid century elegance that is not found everywhere. You can enjoy those things, however, without staying here and save yourself a lot of aggravation. The hotel is not inexpensive; in high season rooms are $350/night. This was my second stay here, and it was complimentary due to complaints about problems the first time around.The main problems are the grudging service from front desk staff, which apparently stems from hotel policy, and the shabbiness of the rooms. The first time we stayed (March 2005), we had paid $350 for the first night in advance and arrived around 8pm. We were told there was no room for us, and given a room that was the livingroom of a suite, and had no bed. It had a small murphy bed on the floor, and we slept there. When I raised the issue of being charged $350 to sleep in a room with no bed with management the next day, I was told that the hotel does not accommodate the guests and that by virtue of signing the registration card I had agreed to pay $350 for whatever sleeping arrangement they gave me. I contested the charge, raised the issue with Wyndham International management, and received a certificate for two free nights. This time around we arrived early, at about noon, and were told that the hotel was overbooked and that we could check in starting at four. I gave them my certificate for a free stay and a letter from management that said that we were entitled to a room upgrade. The first time I was here was during the high season, but this is off-season and it was apparent from the pool area that the hotel was not full. But fine, we went to the pool to await check in. When I returned to the desk at four, I was told that the room still was not ready, and I asked about the upgrade. I was told that the room was a high floor room, and to come back between four and five. I returned at five, still no room. I returned at five-thirty, and finally was checked in to a room on the fourth floor directly over the roof and the air conditioning unit. I would not have thought it was an upgrade, and it was not a high floor. The room itself was spacious, but had the same issues that our room had the last time around: musty smelling rattan dresser (that you really can't put clothing in), outside furniture that is visibly very dirty, stains on carpet and curtains, musty smelling bathroom. One bedside lamp did not work properly.Poolside service was entirely absent; in two days sitting by the pool we were not approached by a waiter once. Not one time. In addition, our minibar was never refilled. It appears that the management is simply unaware that it is in a service industry, and that this is a for-profit business.This all may seem picky, but remember it is not an economy hotel, and bills itself as a luxury resort. I recommend that you stay elsewhere (the nearby Ritz-Carlton, for instance), and visit the lobby and casino in the evening.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Consider Staying Elsewhere Lobby: absolutely beautiful, lots of action at night--best in the Caribbean, tough to get a drink, rude bartenders, cigar and cigarette smoke filled (needs ventillation). If you want nightlife, this is the place, but staying elsewhere and visiting at night is the wiser choice.Rooms: outdated, beds and bedding need to be replaced, everything is worn, poor lighting (maybe to hide the room condition), bathrooms need to be renovated, carpeting is worn and dirty.Pool Area: beautiful, can get crowded, terrible service.Casino: beautiful, best in San Juan.Restaurants: lots of choices, reasonably good food and service except at pool and lobby.Overall:The rooms and service are poor. The hotel is not what it used to be. It looks like the owners sucked every dollar they could out of the place (and perhaps the staff too based on their attitude) putting very little back into the place. I do not reccommend the hotel for a stay, but a nightime visit is worth the experience.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay I just returned today and thought it be best to share my thoughts while it's fresh in my head. Ok, here is the scoop on the El San Juan. It's in Isla Verde, which is a beach community in San Juan. Apparently a wealthier area of Puerto Ruco. Lots of hotels and high rise apartment buildings. Althought lacking the charm of Old San Juan, the area has plenty of dinning options and amentities not too mention it's five mintues from the airport. Old San Juan is only a 15 minute cab ride away so it's very convenient. The resort is located on a the beach in Isla Verde. The water is nice, but not the crystal clear caribbean water you may find in other areas of the island. Don't get me worng the water is still very nice and it seems to get a pretty good surf. The beach was very nice with white sand.The resort itself is gorgeous. The grounds and and lobby are top notch. The lobby is simply one of the nicest hotel lobbies I have ever been in. It has elegance and a rich latin quality about it. Looks like it belongs in a movie. It is the place to be Thursday through Sarurday. The lobby is electric with classy locals and tourists alike. The casino was very nice and the dealers looked and acted very professional. The best live latin music and the hottest nightclub in all of puerto Rico are right there. People are dressed to impress and the atmosphere is perfect, very rich and very old world. There is something for everybody right there. There are several fine dinning options at the hotel as well, but the prices are through the roof. Nice places, but not worth spending that kind of money when Puerto Rico is filled with great restaruants all over particularly in Old San Juan.The pool and facilaties are beautiful. Swim up bar, plenty of lounge chairs and several hot-tubs. Prices for drinks and food are high and really not worth it. $22 for two avaerage pina colatas in small plastic cups. Service overall around the resort was very pleseant.We ran into a few problems with the front desk. They messed up on our billing and provided us incorrect and inconsistent information. We were not pleased, but we got the situation corrected. I think they need to get a refresher course in customer service. This is not the days inn hotel at some airpot. This is a resort where people are spending a lot of money and want good quality service. The rooms - bottom line, are Ok. They certainly do not match the ambience and cleanliess of the lobby. The rooms are spacious, but they are in desperate need of a face lift. This place is old and it's starting to show. Apparently Wyndham just sold it to Blackstone and they intend to put $140 million into renovating all the rooms. We'll see? Don't get me wrong, the rooms are not intolerable, they're just not worth the money. People love the El San Juan becasue of the grounds, ambience, nightlife and amenities. That's why we stayed there and it was a good choice. We loved it and I would return just for that.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aknannie
<Content>Trade-off The El San Juan is a treasure, but a mixed bag, to say the least. First of all, there is nothing like it, anywhere. The main bar is the extravagance you see as you enter this grand hotel. The casino is nearby on the first floor, as well as the music, tables and several of the restaurants (tucked away discretely). It is a scene! Stay here if you want a taste of the real culture of PR, and enjoy a good time! The local people come here to dress up and party...as do the guests (from other hotels, too). We were there with another couple, all in our 50's...every age from 20's up come to dance, party and gamble. We had dinner at The Palm...wonderful. The menu looks expensive, but isn't when you share...if you're familiar with this restaurant in other locations, lots of people do share the sides, too...who wants to have a 24 Oz. steak? The Italian restaurant is very good, too. Now, the down side. The rooms are in varying states of refurbishment, I guess. Where the rooms pictured on the website are, I have no idea. Our room was a disgrace for a high end chain like Wyndham. Dreary,with draperies from the 70's shredded on the inside. Old bed and carpet. But it was clean. Other people we met (and the couple we went with) all changed rooms 2 or 3 times. What to do? When we left, they had just started painting and redoing some rooms on our floor. I asked at checkout, why the rooms were so awful. Receptionist said that they redid rooms as Wyndham sent money for refurbishment. That was in Jan.2005. From the sound of other comments made last month, they haven't finished. The Ritz Carlton, a few doors down is, lovely. We stayed there one night in a standard room (cancelled flight)..fabulous bed and linens and all you'd expect from a Ritz. But a little corporate and quiet...you could be anywhere. We're going back this Jan., but can't decide..what to do? Maybe this review will help you decide where you'd rather stay.Travel PS- Dining in San Juan is excellent...explore. Also, You can walk from the El San Juan to The Ritz...But NOT on the beach at night. You're in a city, even if you don't feel that you are. Be safe, and enjoy.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>After 37 years.... After 37 years of travel to this property,I must say it gets better with age! The comfort zone of warm friendliness permeates every moment.From the casino managers to the beach help,we are provided with top notch care. Piccola Fontana is still the very best..Picayo in the Museum is excellent but not home. NO DOUBT..the rooms need upgrading......however, it does not stop us from returning year after year for this pleasantly consistant experience.. Nothing comes close to this exciting property!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Feelings If you are looking for THE hip spot to stay at in San Juan, this is certainly it. This place attracts the IN crowd especially because it is home to one of the only real popular safe nightclubs in the city Babylon. The club is just ok but you don't have many choices. I stayed at the hotel between Christmas and New Years and the place was mobbed. It was really tough to get a chair at the pool and the beach is stacked with chairs that the group next to you is a part of your every converstation. The restaurants were all packed and you really do need to make reservations early. Many locals reserve tables in the hotel lobby New Years Eve but to me it did not look worth the money. Hotel guests can roam the area for free anyway. We had two rooms. One was a lanai suite by the pool which was a little extra but well worth it. The regular room we had was a dingy old room with half of a window. It was totally unacceptable but for the time of the year we had no choice, they told us the hotel was booked. If you're looking for action this is the place. If you're looking for luxury stay at the Ritz.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of Fun over Labor Day Weekend My girlfriends and I stayed at the Wyndham over Labor Day weekend. For the price of the room, we were more than satisfied. The room was okay, but why stay in the room when there's a gorgeous beach and pool right outside...We spent the majority of our trip lying on the beach, listening to live music provided by the hotel, and drinking yummy pina coladas from the pool bar.Additionally, the club within the hotel was a lot of fun, and many locals told us it was one of the best places to go out in San Juan.Overall, I would return to this hotel and recommend it. Like I said, the room was mediocre, but if you're planning on going to San Juan, you shouldn't stay in your room anyway!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MarinaL
<Content>Amazing, beautiful, fun        singers in pool area  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hayliescomet
<Content>Great vacation, nice hotel, so so room... We just got back from staying in San Juan for a long weekend. It was a great time. 5 min from the San Juan airport. The hotel was nice. We stayed in a Casita near the pool. The room was a bit out dated and could stand to have a make over. My biggest complaint (if that is what your really want to call it) is that they need to add more lighting in the bathroom. There was this big beautiful shower that you had to step down into and it had 2 shower heads. Only problem was that it was kind of dark in there if you were showering after the sun went down. There is a skylight in the shower that lets light in during the day. Our room was clean and we had absolutely no problems. People were nice, pool was great. There were trees everywhere so there was no problem sitting in the shade if you didn't want to sit in the sun. Beach was beautiful and the resort provided chairs and there was a waiter/waitress serving you drinks on the beach and around the pool. Drinks were kind of pricey, but what do you expect from a resort??? We didn't eat at the hotel, but noticed that the prices for meals were expensive. We ate out side of the resort and had some wonderful food at reasonable prices. 2 nights we walked to dinner. Yes, there is a dress code for the lobby after a certain time, but we didn't find it to be a problem. We both wore jeans one night and no one said a word to us. A lot of people come to that hotel in the evening to go the club, casino or to hear the live band play in the bar area. It was really a good time.We went to Old San Juan and had a good time. Everyone was friendly, and you do not need to speak Spanish there. I did not meet 1 person who did not speak English. Some of the reviews mentioned that the town is kind of dirty. That is true, but I think if you can over look that you will be fine. Have you ever been to the streets of Newark? I think they are a lot dirtier.I wish we had more time there because there was so much more we wanted to see. We will definitely go back and I would recommend both the hotel and San Juan. Hopefully Wyndham will put some money into upgrading the rooms.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok Hotel... not very Friendly I stayed in this hotel with my husband in our first visit to Puerto Rico. Not only did we have to wait almost four hours for our room to get ready but they gave us a terrible room with no closet space.. facing the airport..After much complaining to the manangment our room was changed.. ( two days later).. The staff was not very friendly at all and the cost of the food in the hotel was ridiculous. A small can of soda was $3.50...please. two scoops of ice cream $7.00..( What !!!) The hotel lobby also has a very strick dress code.. Men after 7:00 pm no shorts or flipflops... Security also chases you around if you forget to grab a pool bracelet... I also heard that the club The Palm located in the hotel was one of the best in PR.. I don't think so...If you want a Pleasant Friendly Hotel Without Uptight Hotel workers.. then don't come here... Take your money elsewhere !!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Carolieri
<Content>Mixed emotions but cannot recommend the hotel .... I read all the reviews and was concerned about the cleanliness of the hotel. I faxed the Asst. Manager with my concerns and received reassurance that our 5 rooms would be thoroughly cleaned and were upgraded to Garden Lanais. We arrived on 8/18/05, Room #1was old but clean. Room # 2 was so moldy that a dehumidifier had been placed in the room. The bedding and couch were wet and the smell was unbearable. Rooms # 3 and 4 had dirty bathrooms and were worn. I did not get into my Room # 5 until 6:30 PM. A new comforter and shower curtain were provided but the hotel rooms are something you would expect at a cheap motel. I am shocked that the hotel received 4 diamonds from AAA.It took a lot of coercing and explanation to get switched out of moldy Room # 2. The replacement room was drier but provided a daily parade of ants in the bathroom. YUCK! We gave up changing rooms because the standard answer was that the hotel was overbooked. Judging by the amount of pool and beach chairs occupied....I don't think so and was told by the toll-free reservationist that other rooms were available. We decided to concentrate on having a good time anyway and enjoyed the pool, beach, casino and lobby. The lobby is exciting on Friday and Saturday nights.Bottomline, adios El San Juan! We are not returning.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mmorano07
<Content>best time ever!!!! Like many of you , I was a little weary about booking the Wyndham El San Juan. I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised! From the minute we checked in till the minute we checked out, we were treated wonderfully. My husband and I were there with our 2 children (18 and 22) and they had the time of their lives. Not only is the resort beautiful but it is so safe. Our room was upgraded to ocean front from garden view and the service from all the employees that work there was very pleasant. On WEd., Thurs, Friday, and Saturday there is live entertainment right in the lobby area by the casino and boy is it jumping! The restaurants are great (yes, they are a bit pricey) but we found two great places right within walking distance and for breakfast we ate at a little cafe within 2 minutes of the hotel. Old San Juan is wonderful and we spent a day and a half exploring. You must eat at the tapas restaurant at the El Convento hotel, make sure you order the drink Mojito it is fabulous. Luqillo Beach and El Yunque are breathtaking and the Bacardi rum tour is well worth the time. Overall I would visit Puerto Rico again and stay at the Wyndham El San Juan. Both my children want to go back next year....Hope this helpsMCM from Long Island  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TVI
<Content>Nice Hotel but rooms need to be remodeled       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like the hotel, didn't like San Juan The lobby is exceptional and it feels like a gangster should be lurking about. The beautiful wood carvings and chandeliers are unbelievable. Just sitting in the lobby is a treat. This hotel has just been purchased from Wyndham to an independent firm. So rennovations are in the future and the rooms could use some major upgrades. The fitness center is nice  the spa area is clean. The girl from Arkansas at the Spa was very helpful with information, suggestions, dos  don'ts, etc. The pool area is nice, the beach is the nicest in the area but not top notch.Overall, San Juan and Old San Juan were too metropolis for us. Dirty, scary, and very Un-American even though they enjoy all the benefits of the US (not bad  no US taxes!). I found the people in San Juan overall Rude and if you don't speak Spanish---you have a 50/50 chance of a pleasant experience  attitude. Watch the beggers in Old San Juan--they love Americans. I would prefer Aruba to Puerto Rico as a carribean island. We spent 8 days throughout the various areas of PR and dollar for dollar, I spent more money there than I ever spend in Aruba. But the cultural experience I walked away was a good one because as a healthcare worker, I can now understand the relationships, living conditions, emotions, and why we see the behaviors we see. Put it on your list of carribean islands to see but don't make it for any longer than 3-4 days---that will give you enough of a taste of the island.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice We stayed at the El San Juan (8/9-8/14) it is a very nice hotel. I read some of the reviews and was nervous about booking this hotel. We have a very nice room the garden luani, it was big and comfortable. The restaurants were very good. Breakfast was pricey, we went to Denny's.The pools were nice and they were cleaned every morning. There is alot of trees around the pool areas and leaves do get in, so I could see how people would think the pool is never clean. The staff was very nice. My daughter who is 10 was a little bored. We went to the courtyard by Marriott , it seemed more kid friendly but did not have the restaurants the wydham had. We also had one dinner at the ritz, very expensive but pretty. It was a nice trip and we may go back. I would not recommend it for honeymooners, but the hotel was fun and lively.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>irvpost
<Content>A fair and honest review My wife and I travel extensively and are not what you would call top of the line travelers. We try to stay at places recommended here by people in our area. I have noticed that places New Yorkers find appalling, I find pretty nice, but on this occasion I will have to say they were right on the money.The hotel is a 2 hour drive from the Airport and it is an easy drive and I recommend it. Keep in mind that it appears red lights are optional when in rural areas. The Hotel. The grounds and facilities Are some of the most beautiful you will find and I compair them to the old Ritz on the Big Island. The elevators and the Trolly train to the lower villages are in excellent shape and work great. They are not as slow as some here have posted. The pool and Cabanas are very nice with all the lounge chaises having a 2 inch foam pad atop them which is very comfortable. The Resort is very large and is laid out nicely for strolling, however it is not very friendly to folks having difficulty with stairs. The rooms are very nice and comfortable with a mix of summer wicker and hardwood furniture that is up to date. The views are amaxing if not blocked by the numerous palm trees. We did not eat at the hotel so I will not comment on them other than to say they looked very elegant and others commented they food was excellent.The Service. We went in May and this is the end of the tourist season. BIG mistake. The week we were there they had opened the pool to all the locals and they did not hesitate to take advantage of it. The Hotel was 40% booked but the pool was 210% full. The day we checked in we were pleasantly suprised by the Friendlyness and hospitality. The bellman spent almost 40 minutes giving us the latest on everything from weather to best dinning. The Television wouldn't work and we went to call the front desk but the cordless phone in the room would not work. They said they would have it fixed in a few. We went to explore the grounds. We saaw a large sign that said no shorts or jeans in the common areas durring the evening. Wow. We asked at the desk and were told that all dinning was formal and that jeans adn shorts were not allowed in the main facilities after 6pm. That was it for eating at the resort. ( on vacation I'm a jeans and buttondown type ). Good thing we rented a car. That night the elevator stuck open at about 1 am. every five minutes the alarm would go off for 1 minute. We had to call the front desk but they had not fixed the phone. We then got a corded phone from the desk and it took a maintenance person 2 hours to fix the elevator. The next morning they began repairs on the common courtyard wherea fire had broken out in a birdnest built on a light. 6 am they began woking on it. This occured every morning and the work continued till about 10 pm some nights. The 3rd day the hotel began preparing for the Christion Dior fashion show. It was at this point it seemed that all guests became a nuisance. The hotel had placed a hold on our credit card for $300 per day. We went shopping and my wife went through the roof. She went to ask why so much was held and that is when The desk clerk threw a pen at my wife and Said I am not putting up with this ---- My wife can be a little demanding but she is not the type to get insulting ( she sorta kills them with kindness ). Over all. The hotel is Beautifull, the grounds imaculant and the little island is a charm. The problem was with the service. It may have been the season but there was definatly a sence that we were there to provide them with a job instead of they to provide service. This problem was limited to the front desk service only. I want to mention that everyone else at the Hotel was very nice and accomodating.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great R My wife and I recently spent our fourth wedding anniversary in Puerto Rico from August 2nd to August 5th. We were both looking for a quick getaway to spend some time on the beach, relax and to get away from our children. Initially, we were booked to stay at the Wyndham El Conquistador. I am sure it is a very nice resort but when we learned that it would take us 15 minutes to get to the beach and possibly over an hour to get there from the airport we decided to switch. We decided to move our reservation to the El San Juan in the Isla Verde section of PR. It was right on the beach and it was recommended to us by family. Let me start by saying that was a great move. We landed at 11:05 and we were on the beach by 12:15. Our room was not ready until 1:30, two and a half hours earlier than check-in, so our bags were checked and brought to us later while we relaxed. The hotel is very close to the airport so after 10 minutes and a $9 fare we were where we wanted to be. The hotel itself is an older hot spot of SJ life. The lobby was gorgeous and a fun place to be at night. Guests of many other hotels in the area and locals come for drinks here at night, Thursday night being the biggest evening by far. Food and Drink- The restaurants are top notch. We ate dinner at the Italian restaurant, the Palm steakhouse and the Asian restaurant. All the reviews I read complained about the prices and while they were high, they were not highway robbery. You paid for top quality food and service. It was expensive, NYC prices, but the food was excellent and worth every penny. Service was equally as good. We also ate at the pizza place and had a very nice lunch that was reasonably priced. As one might expect, drinks were pricey but I think when you are traveling to a resort you need to set your expectations properly. If you think you are going to get off cheap you're better off staying at a Holiday Inn. Beers were $6 and mixed drinks closer to $7-8 but that is what you would pay at most restaurants or bars so I don't see a need to get bent out of shape about it. If it that much of a problem, go buy a 12 pack and a bottle of rum from the grocery store down the street. It costs $25! Local restaurants, Metropol in particular, were good places for good regional food and a break from resort prices. Accommodations- They were nice, not spectacular. I suppose if it rained the whole time I was there and I was forced to be confined in my room I would have more bad things to say about them as cabin fever set in and the booze ran out but we had beautiful weather (more on this later) so it was not a problem. Furthermore, I did not go to PR to sit in my room all day nor should anyone else. We had a standard room with a king bed. The rooms, quite simply put, were clean, neat and functional but need updating. The bathrooms must have been redone recently as they were nicely appointed and nicely decorated. The room could have used a coat of paint, new carpet and a new bedspread but there was truly nothing wrong with it. Perhaps I could have requested a nicer room if I cared to complain but I had the vacation mindset and I did not want to complain like a typical NYer. They were clean and functional. The balcony was a little beat up. One last note on the rooms: remember, you are close to the airport. While it is not busy all night, flights leave early in the AM and you can hear them in the room. Light sleepers might want some earplugs.Service- I read a lot of reviews complaining about the attitudes of the staff. I found them to be completely and totally unfounded. The staff and people were all wonderfully polite and helpful. I also think if you are polite and respectful, you should get the same in return. This was true in PR and at the Wyndham. Weather- Every place looks better when it is sunny and PR is no exception. Despite numerous forecasts for rain every day for a month, the only adverse weather we had was a minute of rain when we landed and a cloudy day. Otherwise it was beautiful. That certainly has a lot to do with my positive review! I am sure if it rained for four days I would be complaining a lot more! Hotel grounds- The beach is right there and it is white sand with warm, calm water. No hawkers peddling there wares walking up and down the beach. The pools were very nice, with swim up bars and great chaise lounges. I hope this review helps someone out there. I thoroughly enjoyed my trip. While the trip was nice and perfect in many ways, I am not sure I would go back to Puerto Rico. It is a fairly developed country and it loses some of that island charm that is more abundant in the smaller Caribbean islands. But if you are looking for some rest and relaxation, this trip was great. As an aside, I usually don't like to write these types reviews as I find they are inherently biased. People who have horrible experiences are more likely to go on a discussion board and bash the hell out of a place or a hotel if they had a bad experience. So for every five bad reviews, you might get one good one. It doesn't paint a fair picture. Those people are more than entitled to express their opinion but I think someone who has an average or above average trip should be as quick to review a trip as well as someone who did not. Thanks.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great I spent 6 nights at the Intercontinental at San Juan an it was great.I truly enjoyed the service provided by the staff at the Intercontinental. The staff was always helpful. polite and smiling. The rooms were clean and spacious. But the best about the hotel is the price/quality.The hotel was the best about my trip since Isla Verde is not the best place to spend a vacation. The restaturants and stores were overpriced in comparaison of the quality they offered. However, there was a restaurant right accross the hotel that was fair.Old San Juan is really nice and worth seeing, specially el Morro and the little plazas.Puerto Ricans are extremely frienldy and helpful.Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated the service!!! We just returned from a trip from puerto rico. My family and I stayed at the wyndham san juan hotel and casino. Let me begin by saying that it was the worst service I have ever experienced. First, our room was not ready until after check in time which was ridiculous since we were travelling with children and this is a headache. Also, we requested a crib which took numerous phone calls in order to have one sent to our room. Also, They have a rule that every guest should be dressed up after7pm which is okay, but if your out sight seeing with your kids and get in passed 7pm- they stop and make sure your part of the hotel every single day you are there(they have such attitude about this). The hotel should have a seperate entrance in order for guests not to be hassled like if you don't belong there. The buffet - we tipped the service cash and the hotel tried to charge us when we were leaving. I didn't know we needed to get receipts for cash tips- it was unbelievable. We had late flight and were told we could get late check out, which was not true(it's based upon availability). Finally- this hotel is suppose to have kids activity(not true- only babysitting service available) I think it was a horrible vacation and will never recommend them to anybody.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abaykowal
<Content>Dirty Dirty Dirty I recentyl went on a girls only vaction getaway. WE choose the El san juan because of it's exciting night life. Yes, there was plenty of night life, however the hotel reallly catered to locals. We encountered some predjudices agianst us because of our non - hispanic looks, especially at the bar. When it would take 20 minutes or so for a drink. Not only that but if you ask for a frozen type drink, the bartender told us he was too busy to make it. However, many others were drinking frozen drinks.Also, before going we read many of the reviews concerning the hotel and it seems to be the were right on. The hotel grounds and rooms were shabby and dirty. My particular room was not vacumed and I found toe nail clippings on the carpet. The walls were extremley dirty especially in the bathroom. The pool area was not cleaned day to day. There would be cigarette butts and old cups from the prior day. At the end of the day after the Towel return hut was closed , people would pile up the dirty towels next to it because there was no place to put them or just keep them on the lounge chairs for you to enjoy the next morning. At one point we asked one of the workers to please remove the dirty towels so we could use those lounge chairs, he called some one else to come over and that person picked up the six or so towels and threw them on the chair in back of ours.These are all things that can be avoided with a little attention to detail.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lastguyontheright
<Content>Good but not excellent       second room bed  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nunca Mas My husband and I stayed at th El San Juan for 6 days in July and were very disappointed. The lobby is lovely and very nostalgic of an elegant bygone era and the live music was great but that is all this property has to offer. The rooms and hallways were dirtyand rundown. The entire hotel, including the pretty lobby had a musty, moldy smell. The pool/garden area and beachfront were all substandard. The beach is in fact a public beach and the hotel seemed to be full of very rowdy locals. This is at best a 3 star hotel. The Intercontinental and Ritz seemed seemed to be much better maintained and to attract a more exclusive crowd. The employees seem very used to hearing complaints and were not responsive. I really wish we had read these reviews beforehand.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keysgirl
<Content>Mixed Review We just returned from our vacation in Puerto Rico. The last 3 days we spent at the Wyndham El San Juan Hotel and Casino. We were travelling with 4 adults and 7 children (ages 16, 14, 14, 12, 10, 10, 9). Our overall opinion of the hotel was mixed. We arrived at the hotel at 7:30 PM after a full day at the Camuy Caverns. We were all in comfortable clothing (shorts, sandals, etc.). Boy did we feel underdressed when we walked into the lobby of this hotel. Maybe it was because of this that we were checked in VERY quickly! Our friend was parking the car, so 2 of the kids (16 and 14) sat in the lobby right by the Front Desk to wait on him so they could show him to the room. While they were waiting, a Security Guard came up and told them they had to leave because of their attire - their is a strict dress code after 7 PM in the lobby. They explained that they were waiting for their dad. The Security Guard said they had 5 minutes and then they had to leave. Thank goodness their dad walked up just after the Security Guard. The rooms are definitely not up to the Wyndham standards that I am used to. We had a great view of the pool and the ocean. One great safety concern that I had was the fact the the sliding glass door opened VERY EASILY and although there was a concrete railing on the other side of the door, it would not take anything for a child to open the door. The bathrooms were VERY small (just big enough for 1 person) and definitely showed signs of age!!!!! Our bathroom had plaster falling off the ceiling, and the bathtub / shower enclosure was so narrw that if you had a weight problem you might not have been able to use it. The bathtub had been recovered and their was water trapped underneath it. When you stepped in you felt as if you were on a waterbed. We called Engineering, who came up quickly, slit the plastic cover to release the water and glued it up. However, the next morning it was back to the way it was before. Due to the fact that the door to the bathroom had slats in it - there was NO PRIVACY whatsoever. As for sound proofing in the rooms - there was none. You could clearly hear EVERYTHING that was going on in the rooms around you. My daughter and 2 other teenage girls we were traveling with all had to share a room since they only allowed 4 people in a room and they have no roll-away beds available. They were on the same floor as us, but a few rooms down. When I asked why they were so tired the second day, they said that they were up all night because the people next door were having sex all night long. They got to listen to moaning, groaning, and the bed banging on the wall! Then the room on the other side of them had a little baby who cried all night long! This is not exactly something the front desk could do anything about! The lobby was gorgeous - with wood and chandeliers everywhere! And it came alive at night! There was live bands, Salsa dancing, a man rolling hand made cigars, and of course - the casino! The food was mixed. We ate at the Italian Restaurant on night and had a fabulous dinner! The service was great and the food was wonderful. We ordered dessert from Room Service one night and were terribly disappointed and it was very expensive - $25 for 3 pieces. The Carrot Cake was dry, as was the triple layer cake and the Flan was rubbery. The Deli in the Galleria was very expensive - $14.95 for a cheeseburger and $12.95 for a Tuna Sandwich. The pool and the beach are fabulous! Overall, the lobby is beautiful, the casino is fun, the entertainment is great, but the rooms (which is what you are paying $225 per night and up for) were a total disappointment.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please, please heed my warning... If you have to stay at this hotel [i.e. you have no where else to stay] please read the previous and current warnings and take heart. I attended my friend's wedding at The Wyndham where nothing--and I mean nothing seemed to be in order. Could it have been the early check in that was never granted that almost made me late for the wedding? No. Could it have been the room we were sent to where the ceiling was incoveniently covering the floor and the ladder was straddling the room? Maybe. Was it the next room we were sent with the rotten door to the balconey, the mold in the bathroom and mold within the pictures and the enormous lip on the bathroom floor that was a death trap? You are getting warm....The exit to the beach and the pool area is nice, but the entire hotel is like a cheap Vegas resort. If you consider this hotel in the realm of a 5 star resort you will be tremendously disappointed. The food is lacking in style and substance and the staff seems to be oblivious to the needs of the guests [and please watch those room service trays that litter the halls]. Had my friend had not been getting married I would have crawled to any other hotel in the area.....Other people in our party had no internet access as promised, also had moldy rooms, remarked on the poor quality restaurants and had to have charges removed from their bills for services not rendered. I read these reviews before I embarked on this trip. I could not believe that the reviews were indeed true. Be wary traveler! There are fabulous places to stay on this globe--this hotel will surely disappoint....  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to visit, but.... Just got back from 5 nights celebrating a friends birthday. The good: Hotel lobby is beautiful (old world opulence and charm). Great scene in the lobby on Friday and Saturday nights. Most of the restaurants are suprisingly good for a hotel. Casino is friendly to veterans and novices alike. Most of the staff is helpful and friendly,  Pool and beach area is very nice (their beach is nicer that the one at the Ritz Carlton).The bad: Rooms are old and in serious need of updating. The two rooms I saw had large wet spots (2' diameter) on the rug from air conditioner condensation which gave them a musty/moldy smell (we were told there was nothing they could do to fix the problem). Bedspreads had miscellaneous stains on them (I don't want to know). Poor soundproofing- you can hear conversations in the neighboring rooms, phones ringing, room service and maid carts moving down the halls, vacuuming (at 7am) and of course the airplanes. My room actually vibrated from pipes whenever the room above used their shower or opened their closet slider! We were all supposed to get upgraded and were told they were unavailable because the hotel was sold out (I called a reservation line and found this to be a lie). My friends used the spa- massage  manicure and were overcharged even though they presented a buy one service get one at half price coupon all guests were given at the pool.  Unable to get into my room until 4:30pm (suprising because check-out is at noon and it is almost impossible to get a late check-out).Lastly, when I checked out, the woman at the front desk never even asked how was your stay, etc. - a basic customer service question.In summary: With some renovations and more attention to customer service, this hotel can be restored to its former grandeur. If you can get by the above issues, enjoy. If not, stay somewhere else and visit on a Friday or Saturday night for great people-watching.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Walk on Beach! - Beautiful and comforatable Pools! - Ok Hotel I just got back from my Honeymoon and had a great time. My intentions are to leave an honest feedback for future travelers. This Hotel is on the main strip next to the Intercontinental. The Restaraunts were all superior. We mostly enjoyed the luxory the the well maintained pools and walk on access to the beach. Security was excellent! The hotel also provides free beach chairs and the most comforatable lounge chairs at the pools. The water in the ocean wasn't clear but was extremelly warm. We could have spent the whole day in the water. Yes the airport is about 1 mile away but that didn't bother us at all. Once an hour you could hear a loud jet taking off. The lobby is beautiful and made of all hand carved wood. Dark and classy. The room was also beautiful. Bathroom was marble but some other guests said their bathroom needed a makeover so make sure your bathroom is newly renovated. My only complaint is that the bed linens did have random hairs and ants in it - Their may even be bed bugs! We were both biten on the legs while watching movies in bed. Their are two restaurants on the roof with an amazing view of the city and ocean. Other than the bed; the place is great!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stop the complaining it is wonderful there! I have never in my life had such a wonderful time. The room was lovely and very very very clean! The staff and atmosphere was outstanding! I guess I am ot one of those people who pick at every single detail. I mean really....give me a break. The food was great...a little pricey but that is what vacations are for! The only time we left the hotel was to get breakfast at a little bakery down the street. My fiance and I are training so we needed extra egg whites etc that the hotel obviously could not provide. We had the best time ever and boast this hotel to all of our friends. We have stayed in bad places before and actually left a day early from one resort beacuse the conditions were not up to my standards. Never the case here! We loved the Wyndham so much that we just booked at trip to the bahamas and insisted on staying at a Wyndham Hotel and Casino.  Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reauxdog
<Content>peaceseekers beware This hotel is an old classis but a few tips that you will not know unless you have been before. The hotel is literally a few minutes from the airport and we were constantly disrupted by planes flying overhead very loudly! The hotel is very elegant and popular with the upscale locals who frequent the lobby bar and casino area. There is fantastic music nightly in the lobby at different hours. However, our room was in the main tower over the entrance. It was quite loud all night with the whistling door man. This is because there is a nightclub and bar that stay open throughout the night. A young crowd comes to party and they leave at late hours into the night, thus the doorman whistling for cabs, etc. The pool and beach were very pleasant during the day and we enjoyed dining in the various restaurants. However, we would not stay there again because of the close proximity to the airplane traffic. The dark wood lobby also smells of stale smoke from the bars.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst luxury hotel ever!!!! Beware!!!!! ------------------------Luxury at it's worst!-----------------------------------Worst Everything!Worst Sevice!Worst Maids!Worst bell hops!Worst security!Worst Concierge!Worst rooms!Worst TV!Worst Casino!Too many employes sitting around not doing a darn thing!$7 water bottle was charged to my room, after one of the employees had came in to the room and opened it. If you want luxury go to the Ritz-Carlton, they know how to treat people. I'm not trying to seem pesimistic, but this hotel is just that bad with their employees running a mockery of a hotel.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time!!! My husband and I stood at the Wyndham El San Juan June 16-20. It was our 5 year wedding anniversary, and decided to get away from the kids, work and NYC. I did read all the reviews on this website before booking, bu took my chance anyway.Check in: The wait was about 10 minutes to check in, our room was not ready yet, but they did take my cell phone # down and promised to call us as soon as the room was ready. They directed us to the pool area and changing rooms, and told us to enjoy the hotel while we were waiting. We checked in about 2pm, our room was ready at 3:30 and we rec'd the phone call on my cell letting us know. We were having so much fun in the pool that we didn't rush to get to our room.The room was very clean and had a view of the pool and ocean. We stood on the 6th floor of the tower. I looked around for the stains that everyone spoke about, nothing. The bathroom was beautiful and smelled like it had just been cleaned.Friday and Saturday night we went for drinks in the lobby. Very nice atmostphere. Drinks are a bit pricey but it's worth it. We also went to be Babylon club. I'm 28 and hubbie is 34 and we had a great time there.We ate at the Palms Restaurant. Had a lobster dinner, great food, wonder ful service. Very, very expensive.....We enjoyed the beach, the pool, the club, the atmosphere of Friday and Saturday nights. We also took a .25 cents bus ride to Old San Juan and had a wonderful time..All in all the vacation did what we wanted. To relax and unwind. I would def recommend this hotel and we plan to go back..  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>superyooch
<Content>Some flaws but not as bad as every one says!!! I just got back from my trip to PR on Wednesday. I have to say I had THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME! I will try to write a detailed review because I know how much reviews help a traveller out. I stayed at the Wyndham El San Juan for 3 nights. Check in time for the hotel is 4:00 pm so please be prepared to wait if you get there any earlier especially if you have preferences (king size bed/ non-smoking...etc). I arrived at the hotel around noon and was told that there were no rooms available because housekeeping did not get a chance to clean them yet (check out time is noon). I left them my cell number and the bell boy took our luggage and locked it in a room where it was filled with other people's luggage. Apparently, this was a common occurrence. I wasn't to annoyed because there were a lot of things to do around the hotel. We walked around the pool grounds, the beach and explored the different shops and restaurants. We had a snack and played in the casino to kill some time. I got the call around 2:20 and was told that my room was ready. The hotel-The hotel is about a 7-10 minute cab ride from the San Juan airport. The cab costed us 9 bucks (.50 for each piece of luggage). I loved that the cab ride was short. When you first see the hotel, the exterior is nothing special. It's actually very plain and you begin to question whether or not you made the right choice. However, once you enter the hotel lobby, you're immediately awestrucken by the lobby. The lobby is furnished with dark wooden furniture with a bar and a huge chandalier as it's center piece. There are a numberous amount of chairs and tables around the lobby for people to lounge and people watch. There is a dress code if you plan on lounging in the lobby or casino, and if you're eating at the restaurants in the lobby. If you're just passing through, they didn't say anything. We didn't have a problem being scolded.The rooms-We were told that the last time the rooms were renovated was in 1988. That's about 20 years ago so there is bound to be some wear and tear. The carpet in the hallway are a bit dirty but I didn't care because I wasn't sleeping on them or walking on them barefoot. The room I stayed in had a balcony with 2 chairs (dirty) but we never used it. We were hardly in the room. There was a ceiling fan which was nice. However the rooms can get quite cold. Housekeeping always sets the thermostat to 70 degrees with the ceiling fan on high. We tried to set it lower because it does get quite cold, but the room just got humid. I'm guessing 70 degrees is the happy medium. The room really is no fuss. It had the regulars: bed, armoire with tv, nightstand, etc. My boyfriend and I are not picky people so long the bed/bathroom were clean and they were. The bathroom was also no fuss. Toilet seat, sink and a bath tub with shower head. The carpet in the room were stained so we opted not to walk around barefoot. I have definitely stayed at better places but at the same time I could see how the hotel is a 5 star hotel back in the early 90s. If you're used to present time 5 star hotels, I would have to say you would be disappointed unless you were staying at a suite. The restaurants at the hotel-We ate at the Veranda restaurant near the pool. DO NOT eat outdoors. We ate inside and watched the people outside get bombarded with pigeons and baby crows. It was pretty unappetizing. We ate there during lunch time and I guess they were short staffed so it took a while for the busboys to clear the table which meant feast time for those birds. The food was mediocre and overpriced like any restaurant in a hotel. I had the cobb salad and my bf had the calamari. My advice is to stick with the no nonsense, can't mess up type of food. The calamari was horrible. We never went back there again. We also ate at the Bistro. It's the only hotel that is opened passed midnight. The food is pretty good but again expensive. The prices increase when they start using a late night menu. We also ate at the Palm Steakhouse which was delicious. It was a bit pricey but we were on vacation and wanted to splurge a little. The service was excellent and we left stuffed and satisfied.The restaurants around the hotel-We ate at Edith's Cafe. Excellent authentic Puerto Rican food. Really cheap too. Another restaurant we tried was breakfast at Piu Bella's. The food was mediocre but decently priced. I wasn't particularly impressed with the restaurant but it was a lot cheaper than the restaurants in the hotel. Pools/Beach-We didn't hang around the pool during our stay but it looked very nice. There were 2 pools and 1 hot tub. It never looked crowded, I'm guessing because the beach is a few feet away. The beach is very nice and clean. The water is always warm! There's chaise lounges you can lay on and the cabana boy will bring it to whatever spot you want to sunbathe at. A beach in the hotel's backyard is definitely a big plus for me.Excursions-I booked 2 tours from GSI tours who had a booth in the Wyndham (near the entrance to the pool). The lady that was there was very helpful and explained everything to us. I did the Biobay kayaking tour in Fajardo for $88.00/person. THIS IS A MUST. The $88.00 will buy you round trip transportation to Fajardo (about 1.5 hours from Isla Verde), the biobay tour and some snacks after the trip. The tour guides are excellent on this trip. They were funny and informative. I do have to warn you that this is a kayaking tour. You will be kayaking for a good amount of time in the dark until you reach the biobay. The reason for this is because power boats harm the biobay so this tour company does not offer that service. I also booked the Old San Juan/Bacardi Distillery/El Morro Fort for $40.00/person. I loved this tour because you learn alot about the culture and history about PR. I absolutely loved Old San Juan. It was such a cute city! There are tons of shops and restaurants and you can easily kill a whole day there. We decided not to leave with the tour when we got dropped off at Old San Juan (it was the last stop of the tour) because they only give you an hour to walk/shop/eat. I didn't think that was enough time. We took a cab ride back to our hotel from Old San Juan and it was a flat rate of $16.00, which isn't too bad if you just wanted to go to Old San Juan on your own. I'm sure I could've gotten better deals on the tour but we wanted to have a sense of security that we would be going with an organized group. Other hotels-We went to the Intercontinental and Ritz Carlton just to compare the hotels. They were both very nice and newer than the Wyndham. However, I did notice that the lobby at both hotels were dead. At Wyndham El San Juan, the lobby was always busy with people having drinks and lounging. A dealer at the casino told me that this was where the local rich people dress up and hang out at. All in all, I loved PR and I felt that staying at the Wnydham was an integral part of that. The location was nice and the service was excellent. However, when I do visit PR again, I will be staying in the Condado area. We passed by on our way to Old San Juan and it looked more tourist oriented and had more shops/restaurants whereas in Isla Verde, it's more relaxed.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs a serious make over The El San Juan Hotel  Casino was once the it  Hotel...I had not been to Puerto Rico since 1985 and I actually stayed there...it was amazing, back then. I figured I stay there again...well I was horrified!!!...You walk into the lobby you can't help but smell the smoke. The room in the main tower old and digusting...I never walked barefoot in that dump. Too old... hasn't been updated since my last stay there over 10years ago. Service and Security is Excellent...pool area beautiful. The Galleria Shops old and horrible stores. I strongly recommend The Palm resturant-great!!! and The Ranch-western style resturant on the roof So if you don't mind an old room..stay there otherwise Stay at the Ritz-Carlton...beautiful hotel you walk in and you smell the difference. I will be staying there next time. El San Jaun needs to move with the times and get out of the 80's. Isla Verde area not much to do but hang out at your hotel...Old San Juan very nice old Europe/Spain great places to eat. Condado area hotels and Condos and lots of construction If you don't want to be around hotels and condos I suggest you don't stay in San Juan and venture out into the island for a diffent feel and a more relaxing carribean getaway.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>3	1	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>malaplan
<Content>Not particularly family friendly I stayed with my family (wife, 1 toddler son) at the Wyndham in May 2005. It was part of a business trip and we stayed the better part of a week.The location, 5 minutes from the airport, was both good and bad. It was right on the beach in Isla Verde and a short drives (about $15-16 taxi fare to Old San Juan and the Plaza Las Americas) from major sites. Because of its proximity to the airport, there was frequent noise from planes landing and taking off.The facilities, overall, were fantastic - with a casino just off the lobby, good sized rooms, beautiful pools, and multiple (expensive) restaurants on-site. There are several hotels/restaurants within walking distance and a strip mall with very reasonably priced restaurants and a grocery store a 5 minute walk away. Some areas of the resort were very shabby, with a clearly visible office/now storage room in disrepair, not far from the pool area. Their business center was well-equipped.Apparently Puerto Rico allows smoking in public areas, and the first thing noticed is the smell of smoke. The hotel is a busy one, with our one week there showing a graduation, a prom dance, TV cameras and a local celebrity, and a live band which played (very loudly) into the night.Service is spotty, from downright poor (front desk, who basically do not do as promised - we waited 4 hours for a room and 1 hour for our luggage and they never notified us about the room although they requested a cell phone number for that purpose) to passable (maid service - our room was not the cleanest we've been in) to excellent (room service and concierge). They did not seem to be interested in feedback as customer satisfaction questionnaires did not seem readily available.Also, I would caution you about the tipping service - often tips are included in the restaurant bill and room service, but this feature is spotty with some restaurants having it and some not. If you are impressed by the service and want to tip above the included gratuity, by all means do, but check your bill carefully to see if it is or not.All told, a great place for a short stay (it's very expensive) and you're not going with a family (it's exciting and a place to party). But if you're going with a family, it might not be a ideal place.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>milhouse
<Content>Hip Lobby -- Disgusting Rooms Stayed at the WESJ after a 7 day cruise and have to say that most reviews of this hotel hit the nail right on the head. While the lobby seems to be an epicenter for activity in San Juan, the rooms appear not to have been renovated since Freido Corleone's days. They're quite simply dated - with a popcorn ceiling right above the shower and toilets similar to those I used back in grammar school in the 70's (with a big industrial metal flush). The biggest problem involving the rooms, however, is the fact that they're filthy. The first room we we're given was too dirty to describe (plus it was a handicapped room and we didn't want that -- my wife and I are 35 and in good shape). When we complained, they moved us to a room which, at first glance, appeared to be decent. But the filth of the rooms runs deep and what you don't catch at first glance you'll surely discover maybe an hour or two later. The bedsheets, as it turned out, we're covered in filth -- blood and other stains. Plus, they were infested with fleas -- we got bit from head to toe. The a/c unit dripped water constantly right into the middle of the room leaving a big puddle (I kid you not). The soundproofing for these rooms is simply ridiculous -- even had all the other problems not occurred, it would have been impossible to get a night's sleep at this hotel. We heard everything happening on our floor (the 8th) the entire night. When we complained to hotel management of these problems and notified them that we wanted to leave early they charged us $75 for early departure. While I realize that we had booked via the internet and chosen the non-refundable rate, I had no idea what kind of hellish room we would be getting. I chose the non-refundable rate with the understanding that the room we would be getting would be of a certain resort standard. The room we received barely met cheap motel standards and the $75 charged to be allowed to leave this dump-with-a-beautiful-lobby is asinine. Do yourself a favor and check yourself in at the Ritz -- it's where we moved to and we were quite happy with our accomodations. If we ever visit PR again (doubtful) I would only consider the Ritz or the El Convento Hotel in Old San Juan (we stayed there 1 night before our 7 day cruise).  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel We just returned from the Wyndham EL San Juan on Saturday, let me start by saying this hotel is a four star resort. Now that being said let me start by saying the pool set up and the grounds are wonderful. The beach is just ok, the rooms as many people said are older but nice. The staff at the hotel was very nice and helpful. The restaurants were very expensive if you ate at the resort. We found some local restaurants close by that were good. There is a little Mexican restaurants outside the hotel called Lupis, it was very good and cheap. The main downside we had with the hotel is that there were alot of young kids (18-21) , I don't now if it is always like that but they were very loud and out of control on the beach. All in all it is a very nice place and I would recommend the Wyndahm EL San Juan. One last thing if you are looking for blue water and white beaches this is not the place to go.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>susiebnl
<Content>Wyndham El San Juan - a happy medium I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Wyndham El San Juan Hotel  Casino with my husband. I had read some of the negative reviews prior to leaving and was somewhat concerned but overall I had a good experience. Your experience will depend on your expectations and what you鈥檙e looking for in your vacation. I was looking for a nice hotel with emphasis on a good pool area a location convenient to area attractions. While I would be content sitting by the pool all day, everyday, my husband likes to have activities and things to do and see. We spent some time at the hotel pool and beach area but also spent a good part away and ate the majority of our meals off premises. I had no issue with our room. It was nice, clean, and had a very nice view. My biggest complaint is about the check in experience. I was disappointed in how long it took us to get to our room on arrival day. We arrived at the hotel at 1:00pm and our room was not ready until 4:00 pm, which is technically check-in time. However, I found the service at arrival to be terrible. When you walk in there鈥檚 no one directing you to the check in area. You walk in to a large lobby but there is no sign or person directing you the registration area. When checking in we were directed to the pool area but no information was given about the hotel or what to do for the 3 hours that we鈥檇 be waiting. We were able to fend for ourselves and actually walked outside of the hotel area and found a great little cheap restaurant across the street. I was disappointed that they didn鈥檛 direct us to a changing area (I found out about it when reading the hotel guide in the room) or any of the restaurants on site (lost business for them). The comments about service are probably accurate. It鈥檚 ok if you are fine w/self service, which for the most part we are, but if you really want a 4 or 5 star service experience you won鈥檛 find it here. The pool area is nice and spacious and you can be at the pool w/a view of the ocean. The pool/beach area is important criteria for me and I was happy here and the outside bar service was good. We spent only a little time on the beach after jet skiing. We took over some lounges and an umbrella and I was annoyed when I watched an employee talk to my husband and take the umbrella that other guests had left for us away. Once I got out of the water I found out that it鈥檚 $10 to have an umbrella on the beach, which I think is ridiculous given that I鈥檓 already a guest at the hotel but since we weren鈥檛 staying at the beach long I didn鈥檛 make it an issue. There is security around the pool and I did not find this to be an issue. I like that only guests are allowed in the pool area. I found outside pool area to be better and more spacious than that of the Ritz and could see people staying at other hotels looking to spend time at this pool instead. The lobby was nice but after reading about how great it was I didn鈥檛 find it that grand. We only spent a little time in the casino and it was also fine. We didn鈥檛 really participate in any of the lobby night life aside from walking thru or stopping at the casino. On the last night we found the rooftop bar/restaurants and spend some time at the Tequilla bar (on the 10th floor). This is worth the trip on the elevator and had a great view. The bar tender was great and we had great service and a fun night. We only had one meal at the hotel 鈥?breakfast at the Veranda. It was very good but I found it expensive. We were able to eat offsite for 录 of the price. A great place across the street is call Mi Casita and was great for breakfast or lunch. They had excellent coffee. A walk down the beach is the Blue Dolphin which is an interesting outside bar that you can walk to for a very casual atmosphere (walk towards the big restaurant sign). In Old San Juan we had dinner at Caf茅 Puerto Rico, which was also very good. There are plenty of restaurants around the hotel within walking distance if you don鈥檛 want to pay hotel prices. The tours offered by the hotel seemed very overpriced. We rented a car one day and went to the rain forest on our own. It was a great day of exploring. We arranged for the car through the concierge and it was very easy and convenient. For less than $50 (car rental + gas) we did the rain forest and beach tour plus our own exploration. With a tour it would have cost $132.00 for two of us. At the rain forest we did two short hikes 鈥?one up Mt Britton and one down to a waterfall where you could swim. It was fun and it wouldn鈥檛 have been included in the tour. We also went to Old San Juan a few times. One time we went via cab - $32 round trip + tip and the other times we took the bus for a $1.00 total roundtrip for two of us. The bus is fine. The stop is outside the hotel. It does take 30 minutes longer than the cab but it鈥檚 an experience in itself. Old San Juan is nice walking tour that you can do on your own. The forts are worth checking out and there are good restaurants. The weather was hot and humid. It did rain every day that we were there but usually only for an hour or so. We were there in May 21-26 and it was not crowded at all. Overall, Puerto Rico was pleasant and an interesting vacation. The hotel atmosphere was nice, the service was ok, some employees were great and others could improve, and the prices on the premises were high. Again depending on what you鈥檙e looking for this hotel might be the right fit. My husband would have preferred to stay in Old San Juan and I would prefer the Conquistador so Wyndham El San Juan was a happy medium for us.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Temporary
<Content>Okay, but a little too expensive for mere mortals I was invited to a special conference in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and the conference activities took place in this hotel.The first thing I noticed when I got in the room was the air conditioner running at full blast. This was necessary in order to keep the tropical humidity from making the room a soggy mess. On the other hand, it was very cold and made sleep difficult at times.Also, the hotel is very close to the airport, and the jets taking off and landing were very loud. (The jet noise was especially unnerving three months after 9/11!)Other than that, I didn't find anything really wrong with the place. I didn't get to try the restaurants (always found better, cheaper food on the outside), but did enjoy some munchies and an adult beverage in the upper-story bar...There were some classy-looking (and probably expensive) shops selling jewelry, clothes, shoes, etc. in the lobby. There was also a small casino, where I won a few bucks playing video poker. Beware, there is a casino dress code in the evenings; people in shorts, etc. will be turned away.The conference itself kept me too busy to enjoy the beach, pool, and other resort features. However, I did get to sneak outside at times, and explore the neighborhood just outside the hotel. Safe and full of tourists (and a few bums hanging out around the liquor store). Be careful crossing the street, as there are few traffic lights in this area and traffic isn't always looking out for the lowly pedestrian....If you want to be adventurous, pay $.25 for the A5 bus to Old San Juanand save your $25 tourist cab fare for something fun. (The bus runs through a few dodgy areas, though, and the last runs leave around 9 p.m, so be prepared....)A final note: I was comped for my stay by the conference organizers, but I later found out that the cheapest room here is about $350 or so. Yikes! I didn't feel that this hotel was worth *that* much!  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The ESJ has seen better times The El San Juan Has seen better days.Gone are the days of luxuriously appointed rooms, prompt and curteous service, and attention to detail.On our recent stay at the ESJ Hotel and Casino we were dissapointed and surprised by the lack of professionalism and poor attitude of some staff members, and inadequate condition of our rooms.Mildew smell, stained carpets, and room that looked old and in a state of disrepair gteered us as we checked in. We changed rooms three times in an attempt to find one meeting the good reputation that this property has earned with us in the past.It looks as if little or no upgrading has been done with these rooms.While the elegant lobby retains its glamour and glitz, the rooms and service surely do not match the 4 star rating and costs.While attempting to upgrade to a better room at additional cost, we were quoted a rate of 3x our rate and then some. Not only was this offensive, and gave us the feeling we were being taken advantage of, but the facial expressions and lack of professionalism displayed by the young lady at the front desk really added insult to injury.The final let down was at checkout, having no bellman to assist us with our bags, and then having to walk down the driveway at 6 am to flag our own cab to the airport.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>smileman
<Content>Security staff out of control OUT OF CONTROL staff caused an inexcusable scene at the pool the second day of our stay. My brother and I decided to get a bagel, OJ and coffee from a nearby bakery that featured healthy breakfasts. Since it was a gorgeous morning we decided to eat it at the hotel pool while enjoying the sunshine. Immediately a pool waiter told my brother that we had to move to the beach (incidentally the pool area was only 30 % full at this point of the day) My brother and I refused since we were paying guests at the hotel, we figured this is obsurd, as this occurred, we continued to eat our bagels. Soon security was called and we found ourselves surrounded by 3 security officers, two uniformed, one in a suit, the bar manager, and the bar waiter. I asked  what's the problem One of the security guards replied that our eating of food at the pool not purchased at the Wyndham was against hotel policy I replied that it was against my own policy to pay for a room that was dusty, had a leaky air conditioner, and a out of order cordless phone. We continued to eat as they tried to determine how to handle the situation. I actually feared that they would attempt to bodily remove us from the pool area.( the suited guy was big!!!) I finally stated to the bar manager that they were all beginning to look foolish. (as I took my last bite of my bagel) I told the bar manager that the way that I would have solved this was to politely ask the person eating to finish up and dont do it again for the rest of the stay. She agreed. ( she was reasonable and polite) The bar waiter then used profanity without provocation. Incidentally no one really knew where our food had been purchased of them since the bakery used plain white bags and generic coffee cups. The security staff then scattered and I left the pool area while being stared at by all of the other guests. I announced to all of them that I was only guilty of bringing outside food, thats all. ( If I had winessed the response, I would have assumed that the perps were doing drugs or something!!) Most seemed surprised by the response of the staff. I promptly went straight to management and was given a hollow apology and was told that my AC leak and cordless phone would be fixed. Neither was, they simply unplugged the phone. I promptly called Wyndham and explained my situation, they said they would address the situation ( I phoned Dallas headquarters) Needless to say that was the end of my dealings with any management. We later found out that a bagel and coffee in a plain white bag with OJ could have been purchased from the hotel, that there was no way they could have known it was from outside unless we admitted it or failed to show a receipt. On our last day of our stay we repeated our sequence , this time purchasing all from the hotel premises. My brother was stopped and checked prior to entering the pool area AFTER purchasing these items from the hotel. He promptly shoved the receipt into the guards face. I also witnessed them pointing at us repeatedly during our stay at the hotel when we went in the pool area. What bothered me most about all of this was that THERE WERE NO WRITTEN RULES ANYWHERE to tell the guest that eating off-site food in public areas was not allowed. This hotel has the most unruly, unwelcoming staff at any hotel, cruiseship, BB that I have ever stayed. I was actually was glad to leave this most unfriendly and over-priced hotel. I stayed at Howard Johnsons 4 months prior and had a better experience, cleaner and better appointed rooms with a better view of the ocean for half the price. It was the first time I was glad to return to Michigan after a stay in the tropics. Stay away, stay away, stay away!!!!!  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most Reviews Are On Target I didn't want to believe the negative reviews of this place since I was looking forward to our vacation in Puerto Rico. As stated by others, this is not a four- or five-star hotel. The rooms are dingy and old. (They are updating the rooms beginning August 2005). I did not mind so much b/c I don't tend to stay in the room all day. There were 2 tiny bugs in our bed and that freaked me out.The lobby is nice, but not as spectacular as some readers say. It is hopping on the weekends and a nice place for a drink during the week. Even though it is not as magnificent as I imagined, it is the best lobby of the other hotels I visited. The casino is so-so. The casinos at the Ritz and the Intercontinental were 10 times better. The dealers at those casinos were also nicer than the dealers at the El San Juan. The pool area was nice, but again, it was dirty. The lounge chairs were dirty, the pool was rarely skimmed out, and the bars at both pools were dirty. If you touch the wall in the pool, it feels slimy. The pools at the Ritz and the Intercontinental were just as nice, but cleaner. The concierge at the ESJ helped me book reservations for dinner. We booked Tequila Bar for a Tuesday night, only to find out that it's closed that day! I would've thought the concierge would know this!The restaurants we went to were great. I recommend the Palm (steak!), Piccola Fontana (excellent Italian) and Yamato (great, fresh sushi).All in all, I would not stay here again, but I was able to enjoy my vacation.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not nice! Let me just say first that we did not stay at this hotel but visited it for dining while staying at the Ritz next door. I also visited it for dining and nightlife two evenings last Fall while staying at the Intercontinental. Even though I had read numerous negative reviews in the past I was considering staying for a future visit because I had enjoyed the nightlife there and found two of the restaurants to be very good (the Palm and Fontina Piccolo (sp?) which had excellent Italian food!), (don't visit the Mexican restaurant as we found the service to be horrendous and the food mediocre). I was curious to find out if pool area at the Wyndham was nice and thought if so maybe it would overcome the negative comments I have read about the state of the rooms. Upon inquiring if I could look at the pool area I was treated so rudely by the people at the front desk that I would never consider staying there. It is strange that you must use the restrooms out by the pool area but when I approached the pool for a closer look the security guard insisted I move away. It was only about 20 to 30 feet away but since there were no pool lights on and the area was poorly lit I couldn't really see it at all. This lighting situation seemed strange considering how concerned they were about security! I then explained at the front desk that I was considering a future stay and would like to see what the pool area looked like. Rather than offer to give me a quick view I was lectured about security. I have never encountered this type of rude unwelcoming behavior at any other hotel I have stayed at or visited. Most hotels are proud of their properties and would welcome future business and gladly show you around. I guess here they only really care about making a profit off the casino and bars and restaurants in the lobby area. Since a nice pool area is an important feature when I stay in Puerto Rico I would not consider staying here. I also found the security presence to be extremely heightened compared to the Intercontinental and Ritz that I would be concerned that the Wyndham does indeed have some sort of security problem there. Since the lobby and casino is heavily used by the general public I guess this would make sense. Although the security is oppressive they don't seem to be taking care of what is going on around the exterior area - we were practically run down by a car that accellerated upon seeing us crossing the street next to the hotel only to slam on the brakes at the last possible moment with the occupants laughing hysterically. This was upsetting enough but since I was crossing with my two children I found this to be extremely frightening. I just think the casino and lobby area attracts some unsavory characters which you can witness just by entering their parking lot. This didn't seem to be the case at the other two nearby properties. We also have stayed at the Marriott Stellaris Resort and Casino and found this to also have a safer feel around the immediate area. The bottom line is I would not recommend staying here. I have always loved Puerto Rico and have felt everyone to be so friendly and nice there in the past. The staff at this hotel soured me on that feeling. I definitely got the impression that their priorities were not set on their hotel guests but rather their business in the lobby. Do yourself a favor and enjoy the Ritz, the Intercontinental or the Marriott Stellaris. The staff at all three of these were so wonderful to deal with including the friendly and kind security. They also have great restaurants and lovely well lit pool areas. You can always visit the Wyndham for dining, nightlife or the casino if need be although personally I will make sure I go out of my way not to drop a dime there again!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Wyndham is definitely 4 -star (but not 5 star) We were looking at tripadvisor trying to find a hotel for our 1st trip to P.R. I couldn't believe how people could give the same hotels both excellent and awful ratings. We were extremely unsure making our choice. We considered Wyndham Conquistador, the Westin Rio Del Mar, the Hilton Caribe, the San Juan Ritz and ended up picking the the Wyndham El San Jaun.Before I talk about the Wyndham ESJ, let me tell you what I learned about the different beaches in Puerto Rico. The Wyndham El Conquistador and Westin Rio Del Mar are about 1 hour from the airport/San Juan in an area called Rio Del Mar. The area around it is very poor and depressed so you are stuck on the property/their restaurants. I cannot tell you anything about the resorts themselves.The Wyndham El San Juan  the Ritz are in a section of P.R. called Isla Verde, which is literally 5 minutes from the airport. They all sit on this beautiful stretch of beach (no vendors, riff raff, etc) and you are a 15- minute ($16) cab ride to Old San Juan, which has GREAT restaurants. Plus, the area around the hotel has a lot of little restaurants as well as the fast food chains, so you are not stuck eating on the property.The Hilton Caribe sits in an area called Condado, which is about 1/2 way between Isla Verde and Old San Juan, so you would prob. get to San Juan in 5 minutes. BUT I noticed that it is in an area where the beach looked more rough/rocky - it didn't have the nice Isla Verde beach.I have stayed in some of the very best resorts in the world so I know the difference between good and outstanding. As for the Wyndham ESJ, it certainly provided a great resort vacation. The grounds, the lobby, the beach, the water sports, the pools, the restaurants, the landscaping, the entertainment, the service - all were typical class A resort. In fact, the entertainment/nightlife was especially great - there was tons of live music in the huge marble lobby on the weekends and there was certainly a buzz about it. We ate in Old San Juan almost every night and walked (less than 5 mins) to the local Caribbean restaurants for breakfast/lunch. It was totally safe and busy.The only drawback is that while the bathrooms are all refurbished, the rooms are fine/clean/standard but nothing special. Plus, they have to upgrade their HVAC system because while you can certainly freeze yourself as much as you want with your air-conditioning - there is always a slightly humid or clammy feeling. I asked the manager about this and he said the hotel was working on upgrading their HVAC system and was also renovating all the rooms starting this August so they should be done by next season.There were a couple of destination weddings there, lots of kids and teenagers. We were very pleased with our choice and actually after seeing other hotels we could have stayed at, we were thankful we had picked the Wyndham ESJ. The only better hotel would have been the Ritz - but there's not reason to pay for the Ritz since the ESJ is great. The Intercontinental, Hilton Caribe, etc., on the other hand, looked old/tired.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elevator Kissing Couple       View from the back of the restaurant  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really need to update rooms The hotel lobby is the draw at this hotel; it's the reason we've gone 4 times in the last few years. However, having said that, the rooms are in desperate need of refurbishing. The prices charged seem to be more for the lobby  the convenience of the hotel than for the rooms, which are run-down  threadbare. On our last trip in March we heard that the hotel is supposed to be renovating all the rooms this summer. I do think however, next time we visit P.R. we might try the Ritz Carlton where I hear the rooms, pool  service is excellent.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>WULAX18
<Content>Very Good Time I stayed at the El San Juan from April 6th to the 10th. The reviews I read were all terrible, and I don't see how. I stayed in a Garden Villa and had my own pattio and jacuzzi. I went with my girlfriend, and it was a very nice getaway. We ate at all of the restaurants, and they were all very good. The lobby is awesome as well as the casino. I would go back at any time and plan on going back by next year. Keep in mind that the hotel is old, and is under some construction, but that will not spoil your time. I can't wait to go back!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great weekend I'm a very critical person and I have to said I had a great weekend. I think people that wrote bad reviewsof this hotel didn't stay on it. I stay at the casitas near the pool area and the rooms was great. the badroom and shower were very spacious and the balcony lookingN out the pool. You can't beat the nightlife at this hotel. The casino was great fun and very lively. The hotel has two pools, in one you can really do laps because is so big and the other on is resot looking with two big jacuzzis and the beach was great two. if you going to eat at the hotel I recomend to go to the top of the tower to the Ranch and order the churrasco or anything you like they really can cook there. The staff was cool and one thing that I like was that they don' let every no one who isn't stay at the hotel in to the pool area. That give you more privase. I really recomended you would have the time of your life.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cbrhNY
<Content>Loved it! We stayed here in August 2004, and hardly ever left the grounds of the resort! The only thing I agree on with all the negative comments is that our room wasnt ready when we got there, and when we finally did get to our room, our Wyndham By Request member special gifts werent in the room (they were there the next day, around mid-afternoon) The lobby of the resort is beautiful - it has numerous bars (at least 4 that I can remember) and comfy chairs to sink into. It was also The Place at night - locals come out for the live music and dancing, and it was so much fun to watch. It's true that at night they have a dress code in the lobby due to the fact that it becomes a club of sorts, but we thought that added to the ambience. (After all, who really needs to see people walking around in bathing suits, flip flops and short-shorts at 8 pm in the evening when you're trying to sit down to a nice dinner?) Food was excellent, but not anything different from what you'd find in NYC. We asked the guy at the front desk to recommend a great local restaurant in town, and boy, did he hit it on the head! Ropa Viejo was AMAZING - we walked out of the restaurant wishing we were staying another night just to enjoy dinner one more time! The pools at this resort are really what made it for us... we lounged out all day long at the pool with the swim-up bar and waterfall.. there are also jacuzzis hidden all over the place (I saw at least 3). The casino was ok... If you are expecting something like AC or Vegas, you'll be disappointed - its much smaller than that - there's only a few tables - but they do have plenty of slot machines. (The casino at the Wyndham Old San Juan was a bit bigger) They also had Texas Hold-Em every night we were there, which my husband loved. All in all - I'd definitely go back. I do recommend it, especially if you can get a good deal online (we got 4 nights and airfare from NYC for about $649 a person)  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Service, Overall Very Disappointing The rooms at this hotel are dirty and run-down. Stains were all over the carpet and our patio was littered with glass, trash and cigarette buts. Additionally, there were holes in the dry wall. The pool is filthy as is the beach. While the accommodations, pool and beach were certainly a disappointing aspect of our stay, the service at this hotel is absolutely appalling. I was asked repeatedly for evidence that I was staying at the hotel (as if I did not belong there). This was not only obnoxious, but also insulting. The service in the restaurants, bars and casino is poor at best. Many nights we waited 20 minutes before a waitress would take our drink order. Finally, the prices at this resort are out-of-sight. A bottle of sunscreen sells for $16 ($6 at the local grocery store). I am well acquainted with outlandish resort prices - but the prices at the Wyndham San Juan far surpass anything I have seen.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the lobby and nightlife, but that's all I loved. My husband and I went to San Juan with 3 other couples and were very apprehensive about staying at the WSJ after reading so many negative reviews. Here is the lowdown as we saw it: everyone who raves about the lobby and nightlife aren't exaggerating. It is vibrant and VERY fun! The restaurants are also great. The pool area is pretty nice, although I've certainly been to as nice if not nicer pool areas in other hotels. The service is VERY mediocre. Now, for the room low-down. I saw a couple of different rooms, and they vary greatly. While one couple was first shown a casita room (and refused it because it was so scary) the rest of us were placed in the tower. The rooms aren't horrible; just what you'd expect from a Holiday Inn...not filthy; just old and tired. The spa is quite disappointing as well. While I would love to return to San Juan, I'd stay somewhere else and just aim for returning the the WSJ at night.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Last Time for Me This was the fourth time I stayed in this hotel, and very much enjoyed the first three stays, and the first time that I received an upgrade to a garden room. While it was definitely the nicest room it was also the dirtiest. Our feet were black from walking on the tile floor, the shower was disgusting with soap scum all over the door and mold on the tile floor. There were no hand towels or washclothes, no bottle of water...though a charge slip had been marked and left in the opened mini bar but was never picked up. The safe in the room did not work because they were installing new safes and couldn't open them yet?? The carpet in the hall looked like it had not been vacuumed in a month. We went to the Palm for dinner and the food was very good but the service left much to be desired. The other hotel staff was quite pleasant and did receive a questionaire by email that I have responded to. I am afraid that I will not be going back.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our 3 day stay... My husband and I just got back from staying at the WESJ for 3 days and had a very pleasant experience. Although we had read the negative reviews prior to making the reservation, we decided to just go ahead and book the hotel since we were doing this trip at the last minute and there really wasn't a lot of availability at other hotels located on the beach in this section of SJ called Carolina. It turned out to be not so bad afterall. We stayed on the 5th floor overlooking the pools (not the beach - those rooms were taken of course). The room was better than what we were expecting - clean and spacious - and the service was very good. Since we were here just for the weekend, the hotel was very busy with conferences going on and locals dressed in fancy attire (ball gowns and tuxes) coming to the hotel for various functions. The best part was watching the locals salsa dance in the main area where there was a band. We came home wanting to take salsa lessons for our next visit to PR. Great selection of restaurants on-site. If you want to go to a restaurant off-site, I'd highly recommend Pamela's, Caribbean menu, and is located on the beach at the Numero Uno Guest House, (787) 726-5010. It's about a 10 min cab ride from the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Before I went to Puerto Rico I kept coming to this website and seeing bad reviews about this hotel. Boy were they wrong. This hotel is wonderful. I had the best vacation ever. Sure the rooms are not that big, but how often are you in them? The rest of the hote is great. The lobby is to die for and is always pumping. There is no reason to even leave the hotel. I was blown away by the lobby. It is so ornate and beautiful. The casino is so fun. There are two restaurants on the first floor that over look the beach. They are great. The pool area is great too. I can't say enough good things about this place. Do not stay anywhere else if you go to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! Everything was great. We stayed on the 9th floor with a beautiful view. The room was spacious and clean and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Our room was ready when we checked in with very little wait in line. The food was terrific and the grounds were spectacular! The beach was beautiful and i just cannot say enough good things about this property!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great, not just good! I saw reviews here that were negative, and as of February 2005, I can't see how anyone could say such things. I found the hotel to be outstanding and plan to visit again many times. It has probably the nicest, most interesting first floor I've ever seen, with about an acre of gorgeous hand-carved wood. I've stayed in nice hotels all over the world, but I've never seen a better first floor, including the Plaza and Pierre in NY and many other places. It's eye-popping. The rooms are clean, despite what I've read here, and unless you shampoo your rugs every day at home, I can't see how you'd be disappointed. I saw no stains or dirt. There are 12 places to eat in various price ranges, including the fabulous Palm steak house. The pools, beach and hot tubs are all great. On the downside, when I arrived I was told by a guest in the elevator that there had been no hot water for two days and she was upset. When I got to my room, there was plenty of hot water. So, never an issue about that for me, but she said otherwise. And, my internet connection in the room never worked, so don't count on having that, unless it was just broken for the four days I was there. The casino was quite nice and the lobby seems to be the center of night life in the area, although I was on the second floor and had no noise issues. I thoroughly enjoyed the place and my kids said we're staying here every time we come to Puerto Rico!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerDeb
<Content>Great Stay! We stayed at the Wyndham El San Juan on Saturday, 2/5/05 prior to leaving on our cruise. Our 9th floor ocean view room was very spacious, nicely furnished, and clean. The balcony was large enough for a table and two chairs. We are Wyndham By Request members and received a very nice welcome gift upon arrival. As others have stated, you can't beat the nightlife at this hotel. The casino was great fun and very lively. They offered so many different entertainment options that we couldn't check them all out in one evening. A Latin dance band played in one of the lounges and another band performed in the casino. They also have a nightclub with DJ that caters to a younger crowd that was a lot of fun even though we're in our late 40's. The hotel offers 8 different restaurants in various price ranges. We ate dinner at The Ranch, which offered great views and good Mexican cuisine. The hotel grounds, pools and beach are beautiful and well maintained. The Wyndham El San Juan offers one of the nicest beach areas in San Juan. We truly enjoyed our stay and wouldn't hesitate to return.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!! My husband and I stayed here and we absolutley loved it!! It's a one stop shop. The room was perfect, restaurants are amazing, the pool was fabulous, and the club is terrific. I would love to go back.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Filthy and Discusting Do not let other reveiws fool you. The rooms are very old and dirty. Stains on the carpets and curtains. There is so much dust behind the bed I don't think they have cleaned there since they opened. The ironic part of it is the hotel agrees with you. They explained it is in the process of being redone. They changed our room to a different one, and it was actually worse than the first room. So why are they getting away with the rates they are charging? Someone needs to review this hotel over and make it a one star!! Stay at the Ritz!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>People are overly critical of esj I stayed at the el san juan this past October. This was my third stay here and agree that for the most part many of the reviews have a grain of truth. The grounds are absolutely fabulous, the restaurants are top notch (but as most top notch restaurants in San Juan they are pricey), the staff are very eager to please, you can't beat the lobby for the nightlife. The best part of the hotel is the atmosphere. Here you feel that you are in a true Latin atmosphere with old fashioned luxury. Now for the bad part. The rooms do need some work. They are a bit run down but i disagree that they are dirty. During our stay the housekeeping staff were incredibly diligent even washing down the walls of the room. Unfortunately everything could use a good updating in the rooms which may give it a dirty feel. But they definitely were very clean and a reasonable size. The housekeepers were friendly and unlike many other 4 star hotels would make up the room almost immediately after we left and were very attentive. Although the rooms need work, i think the positives of the resort far outweigh the negatives for anyone thinking of staying in San Juan. My wife and I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton and have chosen the El San Juan instead so that we could get less of the generic luxury hotel feel that you get at the ritz.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would never stay here we were supposed to stay Jan24-jan29. When we Booked the room, I didn't really care if it was ocean view. I thought for over $300 a night it would be a nice place. The first room they gave us was on the third floor which was dirty and had the view of a unkept falling apart cement patio and was dirty, outdated, and smelled. the second room was higher up and the street view looked like a slum. We were very disappointed. We decided to go get something to eat, looking around the pool area was far to be desired. The restaurants are very highly priced. We went exploring to another hotel because we knew to either check in somewhere else or go home. We went the Intercontinental resort next store. Much nicer and updated, beautiful pool area. the hotel assistant did not seem shocked when we told him we were from the Wyndham and not happy. The room there wasn't worth over $300 per night but much improvement. the weather was cloudy every day, we left early and would never go back  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>etro
<Content>No Praise for Wyndham Anyone who has given this hotel a good rating must have been drunk their entire vacation. When I started staying at the El San Juan, it was managed by the Williams Hospitality Group, and it was, without a doubt, the most elegant hotel in the Isla Verde/Condado area. It was spotless, inside and out, and the service was warm and personal. Since Wyndham took over management, the hotel has changed for the worse. I was there in November, and I experienced the same check-in problems as other reviewers. I arrived 12:00 noon and finally got into my room at 5:00 P.M. The 'pager' sure was a waste of time. I have found the last few years that many of the employees have been rude. Surely no one cared that we waited all afternoon to get the room. In fact, when we complained at 4:30 P.M.,the front desk person said the hotel has until 5:00 P.M. to get the room ready. Rude? You bet. Our room was O.K., and when I spotted the coffee set-up, I was anxious to have a cup of coffee. By the way, Puerto Rican coffee is one of the best coffees in the world. When I looked closer at the coffeemaker, there was about a quarter of a pot of coffee left in the carafe, and it was molded! How long had that been sitting there? I lost my taste for coffee. I later requested a clean carafe, but believe it or not, that same carafe (with the molded coffee) remained in the room for the four days I was there - proof that the rooms aren't cleaned too often. Two years ago the concierge booked the wrong restaurant for my daughter and her husband, and shrugged and said, so go to the one I booked. Acouple of years ago my friends were at the pool area without their pool wrist bands, and were treated like criminals by the Security force. I could go on and on, but you get the idea. Maybe these misses don't seem too important, but I've never paid under $300.00 for a night at this hotel, and so I would expect much better treatment. Why return? It's like everyone says, the pool area and the lobby are great and there's always activity around. I guess management knows what the draw is, so they cut corners on customer relations and cleanliness. I took a walk to the Ritz Carlton during my trip and, quite frankly, it felt creepy, it was so quiet. By the way, one reviewer mentioned the beach being shared by the El San Juan and the Intercontinental. Well, actually the entire beach is public, so anyone can sit on the beach in front of either hotel.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Humiliation I and 7 friends walked into this hotel to eat at the rooftop resaurant. One friend in this party had a small knit cap on to hide his ravaged hairloss from cancer treatments and was stopped and asked if he was staying there. The friend Richard said no, we were there to eat dinner. He was then asked to remove the cap. I stepped up and said my friend is wearing the cap to hide his hairloss from cancer treatments. He was told by this hotel person it was their policy and asked him again to remove it. Richard did and was very humiliated by this. I then told this person, Shame on you and this hotel for their incensitivity. We did eat at the Mexican resaurant, but did not stay to use the casino. We were never told what this so called policy was. And what difference did it make whether Richard was staying at the hotel or not. We wondered did the hotel have different policys for patrons who stay there and people who just wanted to try the resteraunts. Think twice before you stay here or just go to spend your money here if you have cancer.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Rooms for the Price I just recently returned from this hotel and completely agree with the Pros and Cons review below. The hotel does have beautiful grounds and the pool area is lovely, but the interior of the hotel was horrible, particularly for the price. The room was dirty with mismatched furniture and the shower head was so clogged that the water came out as a drip. Additionally, the water barely reached a luke warm temperature. But, perhaps the most impressive feature of the room was the window that was 3 feet high and began 7 feet off the ground so as to provide no view (unless you are a giant) and limited light.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelBeard
<Content>How sad! If a housing project had glass elevators, what would these look like? The answer to this, and other questions associated with the decline of a once great hotel can be yours if you were to choose to visit Wyndham's El San Juan Hotel. We checked in with a front desk agent whose demeanor was less five star hotel and more prison warden. Despite it being after 4p, we were told that our room was not ready. The agent, clearly allergic to smiling, provided a vibrating device that would prompt us to return to the front desk when the room was ready--a pager similar to those a Chili's patron gets when waiting for a table. As we went over to check our bags, another front desk agent, this one much more pleasant, rescued us, and had found us an upgraded room in the garden section.We proceeded over to the garden wing, in a lush banana tree and palm grove. Overall, the property was a bit overgrown with such foliage--a bit of manicuring would have gone a long way. The elevator, glass fronted, may have been the single most disgusting elevator in a hotel I've ever experienced. Filthy floors, smeared fingerprints on the glass, scratches on the metal, and for toppers, dead insects collected on the light cover on the elevators ceiling. Scuffed walls and unkempt tile floors provided a sequel in the hallways after we exited the famed elevator.In some hotels, you find your room with the room numbers posted outside the door. Here, you could also place your room by the unique stain on the carpet outside. The good news is that room was better than the trip there. The bad news is not by much. It was spacious, with a large balcony--the bathroom was also roomy. Everything would have benefited from a good cleaning, however, and dusting from the housekeeper appears to be a twice-annual luxury.I would have loved to have done a walk through the property with the general manager, who clearly has no pride in a hotel well kept. Wyndham showcases this hotel as a fine resort, but this once-proud San Juan landmark is disgusting on so many levels. How sad! Until Wyndham gets its act together here, best to stay away.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3 1/2 Stars out of 5 Ok, heres the skinny on this hotel. I went wit my girlfriend from December 15th thru December 19th. The good parts about this hotel is that the workers are extremely nice, the restaurants are pretty good and the pool scene is amazing, not to mention the pool and jacuzies are open all night. My girlfriend and I brought a bottle of champagne to the jacuzzi at the late hours of the night and there was no problem. The casino is nice, although its not like Vegas or Atlantic City. The casino is small and don't expect to sit down at a $25 black jack table and get free drinks at the snap of your finger. I found the service slow and the dealers rude, but it was fun. There is also an nightclub and live music every night, although it is most busy Thursday - Sunday. The nightclub seems to be a lot of upper-class locals, while the live music is somewhat decent. The cigar rolling guy was an interesting touch to the lobby, which is decent. If anybody has been to a nice resort, you will know that just because the lobby is decent, does not make this hotel amazing by any stretch of the imagination. My girlfriend and I spent maybe an hour each night people watching over a drink. The location of the hotel is great, only 10 minutes from the airport and close to Old San Juan, for those that want to do some shopping. The only bad parts of the hotel are the rooms. As stated before, they have mold everywhere, the sheets are not changed unless requested and our shower water was never hot, only slightly warm. We're not huge complainers and since we were both there to sit by the beach and spend minimum time in the room, it didn't bother us as much as the families with kids. Over all, we had a great time and would return to this hotel, although if you can afford it, the Ritz is down the street and much nicer. Good luck!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PlateMan
<Content>Mixed Reviews of the WESJ We have gone to this 鈥榬esort鈥?for about six years now. It has many pros and many cons. They seem however to equal each other, and that鈥檚 why we keep returning.Ill start with the Pros: Restaurants are really good but quite pricey. Lobby is amazing, and the staff does give the general can help attitude. The grounds are what the make the hotel so special, the two pools are really nice, big and clean. Don鈥檛 let the ads fool you however; when it says three pools, one is only for certain guests. The adjacent beach is quite long and the ocean water a perfect temp.CONS: Rooms, Rooms, Rooms. The rooms are in dire need of repairs, they are old, and dirty, and have some serious mantience problems. The most serious being as we heard from other guests one water pump was 鈥榖roken鈥?and the top floor of the hotel receiving no hot water during prime hours. (4-8PM.) The front desk just told them go to a different room and shower, and they were given a key to that room to use for an hour. Hot water is always a problem though in the hotel during those hours as is water pressure. We had the same room the last two years, and the broken doorknob last year, was still broken this year. We had two rooms; in one room bathroom towels were repeatedly dirty. Most shocking however, was the stained sheets left one night. They were immediately changed upon request, but this should not happen in this first place.I probably would return to the hotel, but all in all in needs a major facelift, as the price they are getting does not match the rooms they offer.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 stars? Not worth the 4 star rating. Stayed here post cruise in November and room was located on 5th floor directly across from the elevator. It was very noisy, heard elevator bells dinging in my sleep. Shortly after checking in we were greeted by maintenance men who said they needed to work in the bathroom. After some discussion between them and two trips to the room, they decided to change the toilet seat. Later we figured out what they should have been doing, as the shower was barely a trickle of lukewarm water. You had to put your head against the wall for the water to even hit it. Obviously, the prior guests had reported the problem, hence the visit from the maintenance men. When we checked out, I told them this room should not be rented again until the problem was fixed. The lobby, shops, and restaurants are nice, but the rooms need a facelift. Stained carpets, water stained ceilings, and non-functioning showers are not my idea of a 4 star hotel. And, do not go down the staircase in lieu of waiting for the elevator! It is disgusting and scary! We also stayed at the El Convento prior to our cruise and found this to be far superior to the Wyndham El San Juan. Given a choice, I'd stay at the El Convento any day, and it was cheaper.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely no complaints! I stayed here in Sept 2004 on a long weekend with 5 other women, all in our 30s. I was prepared to have a really terrible time after reading all the reviews here but ended up having a great time with no problems. Our rooms weren't ready when we checked in, so what, we changed into our suits and went right to the pool. They gave us a pager to let us know when the room was ready. We had three rooms, all adjoining, one on the corner two on either side of the corner room between the street and the pool. The pools (all three) were great, we met nice people and had a great time. We walked through the lobby in our suits to the elevator, so what, who cares! If you're looking for a quiet, not much happening, do nothing hotel, this is not the place to go. This place was fun! (especially for the price)  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't go back We stayed at the Wyndham from Oct 14 - 18 and if you have any kind of allergy go somewhere else. The hotel is old and hasn't been renovated that we could tell. The carpet on the 5th floor across from the elevators was soaking wet all days due to a leaky ice machine we were told, and they had fans attempting to blow it dry. The mold was horrible. Oh, if you're a tennis player, although all the signs and web site say tennis courts ... there is only 1. As others have mentioned, we got in at 4 p.m. and the room wasn't ready. It was 2 days before we received any Wyndham By Request items. No room upgrades were available. The pool and beach are nice. The casino is small. The lobby has a nice atmosphere on Thursday and Friday nights, but was not lively on Sat - Sun. The restaurants are OK. Next time we go to Puerto Rico we won't be staying here.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kschnauss
<Content>Loved this hotel!!!! I stayed at this hotel last summer and absolutely loved it. I am very spoiled and LOVE luxurious hotels. I think the person that didn't like the rooms is crazy or didn't stay in the same hotel I stayed in. I was there with a group and I don't know of one of us that was unhappy. The moment we walked into the lobby, which is amazing, I knew I would love it. Who wouldn't! A bar, casino and cigars within 10 feet! And it is very elegantly done. Quite impressive. But it only gets better from there. The pool area rivals any luxury hotel I have stayed at! It is beautiful. Be sure to have breakfast at the coffee stand downstairs in the lobby. The coffee is amazing and they have this pasrty with cheese in it that compares to none I have had. The other food in the hotel is ok but Puerto Rico has some amazing restaurants so don't let that scare you off. Besides, who wants to stay in the hotel the whole time anyway. Make sure to take a day trip to the rain forest and to Old San Juan. They are both lovely. All in all I loved this hotel and would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AstridWilson
<Content>Great Location, Beautiful Grounds       Puerto Rico Wyndam El San Juan Hotel Beach View 01  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay somewhere else My husband and I stayed here at the end of August. We arrived at 11:00 and our room was not ready, a little disappointing as most hotels can accomodate you but we sat by the pool and made the most of it. But, our room was not ready until close to 5:00 so we spent our whole first day with our carry on luggage and not able to freshen up. The rooms are musty and old. Our first room was on the 5th floor with a view of the building next door. It sounded like we were on the airport landing strip it was so loud. We called and complained but they had no other rooms. The 2nd day our air conditioner leaked all over the floor so we called for maintenance since we had to jump over a big puddle. We asked to switch rooms again and they would not accomodate us. Maintenance was in our room for over 4 hours so we could not enjoy our room, when they left, they left an industrial sized blower to dry the floor and the entire room smelled like bug spray. They finally changed our room that evening but by this point we were very frustrated. The service was not good and we were extremely disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jessile
<Content>Friendly Service I booked my vacation 6 months out so I was constantly checking this website for updated reviews of guests who had just returned from their stay at this hotel. I had second doubts about placing my money here as I read review after review of guests who relayed their various dissapointments and dislikes of this Wyndham property. My friend and I opted to keep our reservations and checked in late on a Thursday night (September 2). The hotel was indeed bustling with people as the prior reviews read. I signed up for Wyndham by Request but was dissapointed when I got to my room and none of the perks that you are supposed to get were not there...no welcome beverage of choice...no snack of choice...no robes as requested, etc. So much for taking the time to fill out my requests! You could probably find similiar beds in a motel...the comforters must be at least ten years old...the decor (pictures on the wall, side tables, etc.) was fine as was the television hutch (which included a CD player inside). The bathroom in our room appeared updated (although some other reviews noted that they were old, outdated and needed a good cleaning!) and modernized with marble flooring and a long glass shelf along the wall above the sink. The one thing that I didn't like was that the bathroom entry way went up from the rest of the floor about an inch or two and I keep stubbing my toes! Our room overlooked a portion of the pool grounds and looked out over the ocean (6th Floor); I would recommend staying on this side of the hotel. Once your curtains are drawn, the view from the room was absolutely beautiful! Getting to the nightlife scene in this hotel (by the way, I'm 25 and my friend who I went with is 31)...I have read several reviews that Club Babylon was the spot to be at! We also chose this hotel based on the convenience of just going up to our hotel room after staying out late partying. A few notes to single people: The drinking age in Puerto Rico is 18 -- which means that you should plan on partying with a VERY young crowd almost all nights. Also, couples arrive together...being from Los Angeles, I was expecting to see the normal pack of girls and pack of guys arriving separately...not the case here. Guys and girls come arm in arm here! And boy do they love their own wild music! Thank God that the DJ did play a variety! The pool grounds are open 24 hours so that's cool and the beach outlet from the pool grounds has a security guard positioned, so that was a little comforting for those who desire to stroll the beach late at night or dare stay out long enough to watch the sun come up in the morning (and who wouldn't want to in Puerto Rico!?). I was starving reeeaaalll late one night and was glad to find that the hotel had 2 places that were open 24 hours. I had pasta at 4:00 a.m. and as hungry as I was, I didn't mind paying $20 for it and a soda! It definately wasn't worth the cost because it didn't taste that great but at the moment, it filled my craving so I can't really complain. Be sure to check out Tequila Bar  Grill on the 10th floor -- you can catch a great sunset view while sipping on your favorite drink. I can't tell you much about the casino because I didn't step one foot into it...but its a nice thing to have the hotel...just another one of the many things to do here. All in all, the staff was friendly, the checkout was easy, and the location was prime. If I may suggest....St. Thomas is so close to Puerto Rico that you should really get over to this magnificent island (and St. John is only a 15 minute fairy ride from there!)...we broke up our trip to include these two spots and it hurt to board a plane and come back to PR! As it turned out, the Ritz Carlton, where we stayed in St. Thomas, was cheaper than the Wyndham, and the grounds and atmosphere don't even compare! It was so peaceful and tranquil but yet the hotel was still close enough to those seeking nightlife! Wherever you decide to stay while in Puerto Rico, enjoy your trip to the latin country!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE Rooms My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham El San Juan from 8/12 -8/19. Unless you are planning on sleeping in the lobby, Don't stay there!The first 2 hours in the room I had the glass shower door fall off the track and on top of me, the front desk was not even concerned if I had gotten hurt or not. The rooms are very old and very dirty, if you have any allergies to dust, especially the carpets- think four times.We had to wait four days to have our room changed. What was supposed to be an uprgrade was actually moss infected.The only thing that this hotel has going for it is the entertainment and the restaurants which are top notch.The hotel is situated on a beautiful beach, and with the entertainment and food choices the hotel knows they are guaranteed to get the business. Guess this is why they do not take complaints to seriously.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nglaw
<Content>Very Good but not for kids!!! Spent 5 days here with my 2 little kids and their cousins. This is the place to be in San Juan BUT not the place to be for kids.Honostly, this hotel does not cater to kids as their are no real activities for kids. Yes, they cater to adults but think twice before spending time with the children here..The rooms were average to abover average.Originally, we were in the tower and the room was old and drab then we moved to the lanai by the pool which was much better but still not what I would call excellent..They can get away with it because they are who they are.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely not a 5 Star Hotel Very nice hotel, one of the more beautiful hotels in San Juan. Okay enough with the smooching! First of all, DO NOT get the so called superior lagoon view! You will not get a king size bed, you will get two full size beds. Now unless you are traveling with your buddies its okay, but when I was switched to my requested king size bed, it was on the third floor. The roof of the next build blocked the lagoon view. It was butted up right against the terrace. This has to be a security problem because anyone could walk right onto your terrace. The mgt offered no help. The restuarants were excellent!!!! Expensive but excellent. The weekends are way too crowded.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel!!! My mother and I stayed at the El San Juan from 8/3/04-8/10/04. I was a bit concerned about all the negative reviews. We stayed in the main tower. The room was in excellent condition, nothing like what other people have described. We arrived at 10:30 am and there was a room ready for us. The staff was extremly polite and helpful. The resturants were delicious, some a bit pricey. The lobby is great, however it was a little too crowded on Friday and Saturday night. The hotel grounds are well maintained and clean. There is no other hotel in San Juan that can compare to this one. The Ritz Carlton could not even come close. The trip was one on the best trips I have taken. I would absolutly stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is Overrated!!!!!!!!!!! Stay at Marriott!! Let me preface my review by stating that my fiance' and I did not stay here and after our brief encounter, I wouldn't. (We stayed at the Marriott Stellaris and Casino.) We drove to the Wyndam El San Juan hotel just to take a look because we had heard it was so pretty, and after looking at the lobby even actually inquired as to availability for the rest of our stay. The lobby is gorgeous, but don't be fooled by the facade. We ate the breakfast buffet out by the beautiful gardens and pool one morning. The grounds are gorgeous but the breakfast was really nothing special. The buffet at the Marriott is much better and even a few dollars cheaper!! Plus at the Marriott you don't have to fight with the black birds that attack your plate and try to drink your orange juice! A few nights later we came back to the Wyndam El San Juan to check out the casino night life and ate dinner at the Mexican restaurant on the 10th floor. The view was nice if you are standing up. While dining you can't see over the white picket fence. The food is way overpriced and wasn't even good. You would also expect exceptional customer service...not here. The waitress came to our table to take our order, bring us drinks, bring our food and we never saw her again. After our meal we left to play a little blackjack downstairs. None of the dealers smiled, they wouldn't joke around with you, they didn't even act like they wanted you there. Just rude I'm telling you! (And I know what you are thinking that maybe we weren't dressed appropriately etc.--That wasn't it. I had on a nice sundress and sandals and he had on khakis.) Even the players didn't seem like they were having fun. After an hour of play we decided to leave. It was just boring! There were lots of people, but the place was quiet except for one guy that kept getting excited and the pit boss told him to shush! Once we went to pay for parking we were told that it was $25.00 for 2 1/2 hours because we were not hotel guests. We asked to have our parking validated, afterall we ate dinner and played in the Casino there, but were told El San Juan did not validate. To the hotels credit, they did drop the price to $15 after we spoke to a manager. All in all we decided that pretty lobby or not, we would not be returning to Wyndam El San Juan and were happier up the street at the Marriott where the staff is friendly and happy!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's what you make of it! My boyfriend and I traveled to the El San Juan July 18-22nd. We were both a bit worried because of the bad reviews, but we decided to keep an open mind. Our first impression of the hotel was very good. The lobby is beautiful! Dark wood, nice bar areas, very glam! However, it was very dark. We thought maybe this is the 鈥渓ook鈥?they are going for? We looked over to the receptionist desk and were a bit puzzled that they would leave it so dark they would need flashlights to check people in, but we held our breath (the place stunk of cigars) and made our way to the receptionists. Upon check in they told us that our room was not ready yet (check it was at 3 we got in at 1) and then they gave us the real kicker鈥o electricity!! Apparently, they were doing some emergency work nearby and the electricity would be out until 6pm. Not a very good start especially after reading the reviews. We finally got into our (dark, not air conditioned) room, put on our bathing suites and heading to the pool (very nice pool and beach area!!!). Our room was clean and very large (ask to stay in either the garden suites or ocean view rooms they are the best-the tower rooms are supposedly horrible!). Long story short, we didn鈥檛 get electricity until 9pm we had to cancel our dinner reservations and couldn鈥檛 shower. We ended up heading to the tower having dinner at the pizza place in the hotel (very very good, but expensive) and drinking at the palm court (excellent selection of wine!). The next day we got the whole night comped (after some argument with the manager). All in all, it was fine. The place is what you make of it鈥he staff is pretty rude and not very helpful, but there were a few staff members that were excellent (bartender at the tiki bar is great!). The restaurants are very good, however very expensive. Old San Juan is overrated, but take a cab there ($16/way) and spend a few hours it鈥檚 worth it. The hotel has a great nightlife! It is definitely for a younger crowd. Make sure to spend a weekend there because all the good nightlife starts on Thursday. Best piece of advice: become a Wyndham by request member (it鈥檚 free) and get the free room upgrade. Go and enjoy yourself!! It鈥檚 worth it!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms are terrible I just got back from Puerto Rico's Wyndham  I wish I would have used the reviews posted here regarding the rooms. These reviews are helpful and I am glad people are giving their honest opinions.-- PLEASE BE ADVISED---the lobby and the rooms don't correspond!! The rooms are old, carpets are green and gross looking, our toilet had black stains around the rim--just not a very hotel-like experience. I stayed there for 6 nights and tried to spend as little time in hotel room as possible. Speaking of a great romantic vacation-- Also, the rooms are extremely small and customer service is very slow at the reception desk. I hope this helps!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nclove
<Content>not a 4-5 star hotel, not really! I stayed at the this hotel in March 2004. It's ok if all you're looking for is to spend the night here. The rooms are dirty, the carpets are so stained with God knows what. We changed rooms because we made our reservation for a single bed with ocean view and when we got there they want to stick us in a double bed room. Why would I want double beds when I'm traveling with my husband alone? The front desk personnel was less the interested but did moved us to a single bed room, according to them this was an upgrade!! Well the room was as nasty as the first one, nice view but dirty. The night life is good, is happening. But really I would not stay here again. I can not believe the fantastic reviews some people give of this hotel, I wondered if they stayed somewhere else or they have ever stayed at a real 4-5 star hotel before. This is really a 3.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Jewel68
<Content>The other reviews are right on target!!!! I just returned from a trip to the El San Juan as previously stated if you are going to the Wyndham El San Juan for the hotel room this is not the place for you , but if you are going to enjoy the beach, the pool, casino and nightlife then this is the place for you. I def. enjoyed my stay the rooms were not terrible i think they were a typical hotel room, kind of spacious, pastel colors nothing out of the ordinary the ocean view rooms were wonderful) the view was breathtaking - pretty much what i would expect of any carribean hotel room, but the hotel was great the service at the pool- the salon- room service everything was great!!!!!!!! I am def. looking forward to returning to the El San Juan by the way this hotel is great for all ages my parents had the time of their lives and they are in their 60's and I am 23 and I loved the hotel too!!!!!!! You cannot go wrong w/ this hotel!!!! P.S. say hello to Angelo at the front door he was the friendliest staff memeber at the El San Juan !!!!!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Okay, if you are looking to stay in your wonderful room during your vacation, you may want to stay elsewhere. We found the rooms adequate, but clean with excellent service: twice a day, clean towels both times, with fold-down service that includes music and chocolates. The real treat is the property itself. No where have I seen a greater lobby bar(s) with live music. It is a truly happening place. The pool area is just what you would expect in the tropics - first class with excellent landscaping. If you like to move about your hotel and have bars and great food with lots going on, this is the only spot to stay. If you want to spend time in your room, stay elsewhere.   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Grounds, Rooms need an update I booked this hotel about 6 weeks prior to my arrival, and was concerned once I had read all the negative reviews. I was expecting the worse, but was actually pleasently surprised. Upon check-in, I asked for a room upgrade and received one in the beautiful garden lanais area. Walking to the garden, I was very impressed with the care in which the grounds were kept. The gentleman who showed us to our room was polite and informative. The room was large, with double sinks in the open bathroom, and a balcony overlooking the tropical foliage and one of the pools. At first glance, the room seemed lovely and clean, but a closer inspection revealed mold and rust and tiny insects. The sprinklers in the ceiling were caked in dust and dirt, the door stoppers were melting and caked in dirt, the bathroom had a bare lightbulb near the toilet. Plus, everything seemed damp all the time.The pools were really cool, but had leaves in them, and the whirlpools had all sorts of mold and chemicals along the edges. The beach was lovely, with tons of water sporting options. The food was really great all around, not a single complaint there. The waiters were friendly and quick, anticipating your needs before even calling on them. Just be sure to expect that the food will be expensive in the resort.Lobby was very lively, with live music and bars and the casino. Lot of fun!In sum, staff, security, grounds and food were fantastic. Rooms really, really need an update. Surrounding neighborhood is a bit shady. Even though I had a lot of fun, I will not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible hotel, great service My husband and I just returned from our 5-day stay at the El San Juan last night. We booked our stay months ago (also signed up online for the free Wyndham by Request program at the same time) and since then I have checked this site and was very worried about our stay based on other reviews. So about two weeks ago, I spoke to the asst. manager of the hotel and told her about the negative reviews here and that we were Wyndham By Request members and would like a nice room when we arrive for our 1st wedding anniversary. She took our member #, dates of stay, and said she would see what she could do. When we arrived, we walked through the beatiful lobby to a rainforest-like walkway to the a beautiful oceanview suite. There was symphony music playing on the CD player and juice, bottled water, cheese, and crackers awaiting us. I have traveled all over the world and this was by far the most clean and beautiful room. We are 35 and were very casually dressed most of the time on this vacation and received excellent service by all the hotel staff with or without a tip. Our room was extra clean as were the pool and grounds. We were able to walk on the beach at night because it was well-lit and there was always a security guard there. We did not eat at the hotel but instead chose to eat authentic Puerto Rican food at the nearby restaurants which were excellent. We ate breakfast at Mi Casita (one block away) every morning consisting of eggs, potatoes, and french bread for $5.00 for both of us.I cannot recommend the El San Juan highly enough. We don't know how the other rooms we have read about could be so awful and we did not see the city/tower rooms. My husband worked out in the gym in the tower building and said it was nice, clean, and very cold like he likes.We suggest signing up for Wyndham by Request program for free to get the upgrades when you arrive there or any of their locations.   
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Drunken kids raising hell The Windham El San Juan is a dirty place in dis- repair. Liberty Travel suggested the place and We were naive enough to book it. I will never use Liberty Travel again. Problems with room:ants or some type of bugs in roomcigareetes burns all over the rugs.Can not sleep at night because of the drunken kids raing hell in the hallways and roomsmold all over the roomfilthy bed cover and throw pillows on the bed.paint falling from the ceiling.Believe me do not stay at this facility the restaurant menu's had dried food and dirt on them.How this place rated a four and a half star is ridculous. Liberty Travel is just as bad not telling there customers the truth about this place.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>relaxing 5 days!!! returned from san juan pr 5/14/04. spent 4 nights at wyndham el san juan. rooms slightly outdated, other than that , hotel lobby was great! many bars , restaurants were excellent. we ate dinner one night at the palm meal was excellent, marcus our waiter took special care of us! my wife and i arrived early at 11am and were checked in right away. room had no view and no balcony, but was very large and had a jacuzzi. the room was clean and was kept that way by excellent housekeeping staff. we enjoyed the beach and the pool very much. beach was good for swimming and long walks. area around hotel sought of run down, but we found a local small restaurant called mi casita down the road for inexpensive breakfast and dinner.took a cab 2x to old san juan, definitely worth visiting. in old san juan ate at the parrot club  aquiviva both owned by same people, excellent meals and service! our wyndham by request manager yvonne ramos was a tremendous help thruout our stay especialy with a late checkout!   
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a disappointment!!!!       dirty bathroom  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a bit disappointed I always heard about the El San Juan and was very happy to finally experience it. Let me say that my husband and I are world travelers of mainly 4 and 5 start hotels. This hotel was about three stars. Yes, the lobby was nice, but extremely smoke filled that it was hard to stay there too long. At night the live music was wonderful. First problem was checking in. Check in time is 3pm. We arrived at 4pm and they had no room for us and there was a giant line waiting also to check in. The problem was that we had our three and a half year old daughter with us who ended up having a fever on the plane. She was sick and we needed to get her into a room. They basically told us to sit in the lobby for a few Hours. I ran around looking for a cool wash cloth for her head and some ice cream to get her to take some motrin. After about two and a half hours they gave us a room.The room was just ok. Nothing special for the large sum we paid. When we finally made it to the pool a day later, we saw that it was desparately in need of some upkeep. The bar wood was splintered and the edges of the pool weren't kept that clean. The food in the hotel is expensive but supurb. Equal to NY level of prices and quality. So that wan't a disappointment. All in all we had a good time but don't think the raves are on par. We will find another place to stay if we go back.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't waste your $$$ We were very disappointed with the hotel rooms. If you expect the beauty of the lobby in you rooms - don't. There was mold growing on the walls in the bath; water dripping from the air conditioning vents in the room  bath. Wyndham by request brought us our Beverage of choice waiting upon arrival 4 hours after we checked in. Best available room was overlooking a rooftop  sounded like an airplane was going to land on the balcony. For $400 a nite - it was rididculous. Will never stay again. Hotel staff at desk was rude and did not care. Groups arrived later in week  they staff held elevators for them as if we weren't guests as well. Bed sagged so badly. Hotel needs an update!  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please dont go!!!! This resort is poor in apparance, rocky beaches, very expensive but that is not what bothered me. There is no I mean NO medical care. My mother had a brain aneurysm rupture while there and was diagnosed by the hotel doctor (with no check up) as having a bug. If you get sick the hospitals aren't any better. It is very poor quality....be careful.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>killian02
<Content>Beautiful  I had seriously considered staying at this hotel on my trip last week, but ulitmately chose Hotel El Convento because I found a good rate online. I was very curious about El San Juan - so I took the bus from Old San Juan to check it out. I walked all around the property. The lobby, gallery of shops and restaurants are beautiful. Stopped for a 10 oz Coke in the little ice cream shop - $3. Had a margarita with chips and salsa in Tequilla's upstairs - $25. The pool is beautiful. I'd describe the hotel as a very small version of the MGM in Vegas. The beach area in Isla Verdes remind me of Waikiki Beach - lots of older hotels/condos. Overall, I was glad I chose Hotel El Convento instead. Lots more charm and in a much better location for walking around and tourist stuff.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bika
<Content>Disappointing Details Stayed at this hotel with family to celebrate my father's 65th. It is a beautiful hotel, with a good amount of action at night and a great beach and pool area. However, there are details that I think should be seen to in hotel service, that disappointed me on this trip. Upon arrival, the doormen continued to chat while the 8 of us piled out of a taxi/van, then the woman checking us in could barely be bothered by our presence, but perked up once she realized the amount of money we were spending to stay there. Some of us stayed in the Casitas, which were nice and private, but one day the cleaning staff left the bathroom dirty and the shower drain barely worked. There is a lot of beautiful tile everywhere, which is great, but makes it slippery. My brother fell and no one was around except a staff person, who just looked at him and walked by. My father got the infamous bad beach treatment : he asked for a table and was told by the man who gets your chairs that they were all reserved (they were never used). It appeared that the people who kept handing over money to this man got the best treatment (surprise!). I wrote the manager after this trip and never heard anything (surprise!).  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VWMAYER
<Content>Wydham El San Juan Is El Terrifico! After reading the mixed reviews on Trip Advisor about the Wyndham El San Juan, I was mighty nervous about staying there. Well, you can't always believe what you read. Because, the hotel was very nice! The lobby was emblematic of an elegant hotel right out of movie set in old Havana. There was live music nightly and a nice casino right off the lobby, with a no-smoking area! By enrolling in Wyndham By Request, I was upgraded to a spacious garden room not on the airport side of the hotel. The room had double bath vanities and a walk-in closet and dressing room, as well as a balcony. Wyndham By Request also had a complimentary fruit basket sent to my room. The membership also waived the regular $2 charge for a credit card call from the room. The pools and beachfront location of the hotel were superb. The only thing that was mediocre about this hotel was the concierge. For some reason, the concierge at the hotel was positively uninformed about San Juan! The sushi restaurant at the Intercontinental, next to the El San Juan is terrific. Loved their sushi pizza!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Low-down Here is the low down. This hotel is great if you are looking for: 1. great nightlife and being the center of the action 2. fun place to people watch by the pool or by the beach 3. a heavenly poolside massage while coquis chirp in the background 4. a fun place to gamble 5. you are paying $175 or lessThis hotel is not for you if: 1. you are looking for quality hotel food (the restaurants are mediocre at best... touristy, bland and unoriginal. don't waste your time or money. old san juan (aguaviva and dragonfly) and the water club are the places to go for good food.) 2. you expect to be pampered and coddled by hotel employees 3. you are a light sleeper (a good portion of the rooms face the airport and it is very true that it sounds like an airplane landing in the room. the ritz carlton is no better in this respect) 4. you expect rooms to look very new and renovated 5. you are paying over $200 for a regular double roomIt's all about preferences and expectations, people. everyone goes on vacation with a different set of them. the ESJ is where i stay when i want a party vacation with my girlfriends and i want to blow off some steam at night (drinks at the lobby bar, wonderful food in old san juan, after dinner drinks at the water club rooftop, and dancing in the ESJ club), and alternate between sleeping on the beach and people watching by the pool during the day. when i come with my boyfriend, you'll find me at the water club, the el convento or on vieques.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IowaSunLovers
<Content>Loved the El San Juan We just returned from a seven day stay at the Wyndham El San Juan and it was great. The night life was unbelievable. We have never seen such a hopping lobby and we have traveled all over the Caribbean. The rooms were hotel rooms. If you're looking for a fancy room you won't find it. But the nightlife, combined with the pool and the beach more than compensate for the room. We toured the Bacardi factory, golfed, went to the rain forest, Old San Juan and the island of Culebra. My advice is to rent a car and see the sights. Puerto Rico is a beautiful island and we will definately be returning and staying at the Wyndham El San Juan.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing Like The Windham El San Juan I have traveled extensively here in ther US and abroad. The Windham El San Juan is an experience I would recommend to anyone. This is a first class facility. If you want to go somewhere and wear shorts and a tanktop all day and nite, this is not for you.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star resort - 3 star room Stayed at this hotel from 2/27/04-3/2/04. This was a special trip for my husband's 50th birthday and our 1st trip without children. We asked upon checkin for an upgraded room, as is a benefit of all Wyndham Request members, but was told we would have to take a smoking room in order to be moved to a higher floor with a view. We wound up with a room on the 5th floor facing the city and boy, were the airplanes noisy! We had a great time here mostly because we were looking to relax and the pool area is one of the most beautiful I've ever seen. It's like a tropical paradise. We enjoyed the music in the lobby each night, playing in the casino for a while and the new restaurant, Pashas was great. They had a belly dancing show on Fri  Sat nights every 1/2 hour or so. The only negday, the lamp by the bed was broken and the toilet sounded like a fog horn. We complained to the hotel manager, but he didn't seem too concerned and offeredative was the room. It was small, dark and badly needed a remodeling. Paint was peeling off the door to the balcony, the carpet was filthy, although we did get someone to shampoo it on the 2nd no accomodation except that he would take care of us if we came back for another stay. Otherwise, we found the entire staff at the hotel very nice and helpful. Great group at the concierge desk. Not sure that I would stay here again as the price was steep and I really did not enjoy staying in a dingy old room.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Perfect, But We Had Fun ! Stayed here Feb 28 - Mar. 1 2004. Got a Partial Ocean View Room with balcony on the 9th Floor. Room 921. Room was okay - obviously older, but it seemed clean. Bathroom was done in beautiful tile, but had fairly standard fixtures, normal size tub/shower, etc. Pool area is pretty cool - swim up bar, 2 hot tubs, good service. Lobby is very cool and hops on the weekends - salsa band(s), dancing - everyone having a good time. Casino was fun - won a little money, so that helped the overall experience. No service problems. Great time in the Mediterranean themed restaurant - good food, beautiful belly dancers ! Mexican restaurant on the roof was pretty good - huge Margaritas (should be for $15 bucks, but it only takes one..) Concierges were helpful. We'd stay here again, but would be sure to insist on a room on the ocean side and would see if we could get something bigger. Very pleased with Wyndham by Request - cold beers waiting, free internet access - as advertised.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time at the Wyndham! My fiancee and I along with my sister and her fiancee stayed at the Wyndham in Juhne 2002. We had a great time. The service was great. We enjoyed the experience so much that we are getting married this year June 2004 at the same hotel. This year i would say that the only thing that bothered us was that the Wydham does offer a free honeymoon on their web-site, although we will spending a huge amount of money at their hotel , they said that we did not qualify for it. But all in all I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Abysmal service at the El San Juan I made my reservations for the Wyndham El San Juan over the phone for 2/19-2/22. I paid in advance to get the Webrate. I never received any type of confirmation, so I called Wyndham about 4 days before our trip to get a faxed confirmation. The dates of my reservation were incorrect, and had me arriving on 2/20 instead. The hotel was completely sold out, as well as almost every other decent hotel in San Juan. Since we already had our flight tickets, I was extremely upset. The woman on the phone insisted it was not their error--that the reservation was read back to me when I made the reservation (which it was not). We had to share a room with friends at the Embassy Suites that night. When we finally checked in at the El San Juan, the women at the front desk had an unwelcoming attitude. I told them about how Wyndham had messed up our reservation, and that I would hope they would at least upgrade our room to make up for the huge inconvenience to us. We received a low-level room with a view of some cinderblocks which were laying on a low-level roof. Our bathroom was also dirty. When we went out the beach, we were greeted by a rude hotel employee who refused to give us an umbrella. He said they were all reserved, even though we saw at least a dozen umbrellas on the beach unused. Then another hotel employee, who was moving chaise lounges on a rusty cart, scraped my husband's leg, causing him to bleed from the resulting gash. Neither employee was apologetic. When my husband finally complained to the security guard, amazingly an umbrella became immediately available to us. Although the hotel was definitely a hotspot at night, with an attractive lobby, I would not recommend staying there. This was without a doubt one of the worst hotel stays I have ever experienced.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>From the jewel of San Juan to a sewer... This hotel has gone from being the jewel of P.R. to a sewer...Theres no other words to explain it. The rooms were filthy, The service was horrible, the workers in the WH smith shop are incompetent and rude... The hotel is definitely over rated. I heard from the staff and bartenders that they are selling the hotel and that wyndham does not want to put money into it.I will never stay there again  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pingle
<Content>Nice resort! We stayed here Jan 22-26, 2004 and enjoyed it. The room wasn't that great, we could see the airport from our balcony and the planes were loud, but we got used to it. Other than that, we had no real complaints, they are not 5 star rooms, so don't expect top quality rooms. The resort was a blast though... we spent our time going from the beach lounge chairs to the different pools and hot tubs, and the pool bar. The lobby and clubs of the hotel were the place to be on the weekends, and the live music in the latin club was great. The location(Isla Verde) overall was pretty good, we walked to the nearby mexican sports bar/restaurant when we started getting tired of paying for expensive hotel food and drink. And there's a small market and Subway down the street that you can walk to... We took a day trip one day to the Wyndham El Conquistador.. this place was amazing, but probably a lot more expensive. about 45 min drive from San Juan, just beautiful! We paid $215 on Hotwire and it seemed to be a good deal for high-season at a resort.. can't complain!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay at the Wyndham EL San Juan When we arrived on the January 19th I could not believe the state of the hotel rooms that they gave us to stay. The rooms they gave us were in horrible condition. In fact we have digital pictures that we can download to you and everyone else as evidence of how disgusting the hotel rooms were at the Wyndham El San Juan. Here are some examples of the horrible conditions, the plate of the door knob was hanging off the door, the bathrooms shower stalls were broken, the front door by the lock was broken and glued, there was mold in every room, in the hallway there were huge mold spores growing inside the light fixtures, smelly moldy rooms, dirty old rugs, dirt behind the bed and under the bed, the patio in the garden room they moved us to was missing concrete on the walls and the bricks were broken and filthy, the jacuzzi was disgusting it was old missing handles, moths in bathroom, our safe was broken, the beach chairs and pool chairs were filthy, the shower by the beach was broken, the fountain over-flowed, the spa sauna was moldy and filthy and the spa smelled Mexican food (the Mexican restaurant was next store) not to mention the airplane noise from the airport. We spent days switching rooms and complaining but we were told there were no higher quality accommodations on the premises. The El San Juan would not assist us in transferring our reservation to another Wyndham or resort in the area. I called the corporation and they could not help us. We would have left but could not find any other accommodation last minute. We travel multiple times a year and have never experienced such inadequate maintenance of hotel rooms. I felt like I was in a cheap motel room rather then a Wyndham luxury resort. I have put in a complaint with Hot Wire for false advertising they state this is a five star hotel. The lobby is nice but even the workers know the hotel rooms are in horrible condition.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A First Class Experience at the ESJ...... My Stay at the El San Juan was a perfect, memorable, first -class experience that I will never forget. The puertorican people were lovely and proud to show their neighbors from the States the tropical paradise they call home. The pools and beach below are beautiful, and the service was incredible, with attentive waitstaff who are at the beck and call of those who are pleasant and respectful of their home and culture. Those who perpetuate the stereotype of the Typical Obnoxious American Tourist need not apply. All that you need to enjoy this beautiful paradise is an open mind and a respect and appreciation for the Puertorican people and their culture. And an attempt to throw a few courtesy words their way en Espanol would not hurt!! Overall, I'd reccommend the ESJ to everyone, and I will be going back very soon...... To the Negative Reviewers, you get what you bring to the experience - stop the ignorance, please!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crazy, Sexy, Cool My husband and I went to PR for MLK weekend 1/16/04. I was concerned because of the wide range of opinions in the reviews, but we loved it. Arrived at the hotel at 9:30pm Friday night to a wonderful, festive lobby full of all sorts and all ages - we're mid 30's and felt very comfortable. Yes the music is loud (don't plan on going to bed early). The pool and hot tubs are open 24 hours if you want some quiet time.The hotel atmosphere is sexy and fun. Leave the kids at home and enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ingrid2000
<Content>Nice lobby, terrible servcice Room was not ready until 5:30 pm at check-in. Garden Lanai room was overpriced and we moved to the Water Club instead (which was great). Can't beat the casino and lobby bar at the ESJ, it's best in the caribbean. Gamble and drink here, stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great time! My husband and I stayed here pre-cruise. The hotel lobby and facilities are beautiful. The location is convenient compared to the Caribe Hilton, where we stayed post-cruise. The rooms are definitely average, as mentioned in previous reviews. I paid under $200 for our room, so I'm sure I didn't get the best one, but I'd like to think $200 could've paid for more. It seems like you're paying more for the luxuries around the hotel and not necessarily in the room. For booking online, we got a free breakfast buffet, and that was definitely a treat. All in all, a great visit and location. I just would never pay anything above $200, let alone the average rate of $300-400.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awaywegoboston
<Content>great time at the wyndham el san juan we spent xmas-new year's at the el san juan. What a beautiful beach and lovely pool areas. The dining was excellent, the service almost perfect, and the staff very helpful. The only problem we experienced was a lousy room with inadequate airconditioning at check in. After complaining adamantly, they moved us to another room. The rooms need renovations, for the price- but they are larger than most. Haven't found many rooms in puerto rico that are luxurious. We will definitely vacation at the el san juan again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again We spent 5 days at the hotel over New Year's Eve and would never stay there again. While the pool and beach areas are lovely, the service was attrocious. We had a garden room that was poorly maintained and very very loud. We were told that each room had a VCR, needless to say our room did not, and it took about 1 1/2 hours of our first evening there to have one installed. Service at the pool side restaurant was very slow. We made dinner reservations for each evening of our stay 6 weeks prior to arrival because we were traveling with a toddler. Upon arrival I checked with the concierge to reconfirm and he did not have over half of our reservations, even though they had all been made with the concierge. Upon arrival at dinner our second evening at Yamato, the much touted Japanese restaurant, we were told that they had no high chair available for our daughter. I asked if they could get one from elsewhere and both the restaurant manager and concierge refused, although the pool side breakfast/lunch restaurant had ample high chairs and was closed for dinner. My husband booked a scuba trip with the tour operator, and the scuba operator never showed up to pick him up, another hour wasted waiting in the lobby. Overall the service was horrible. For $800/night I would have expected better accommodations and better customer service. I would never stay at a Wyndham hotel again because of the unfriendly poor service.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!!! I stayed at the Wyndham El San Juan during a conference Dec 11th-17th 2003. In reference to some of the previous negative posts I have to comment in response. The person complaining about the teen magnet night clubs....well, um yes, it was, and I am 36 and female and thoroughly enjoyed it myself. I however like the other poster was not threatened by all of the gorgeous young girls in attendance. The restaurants and room service are fantastic as well as the little dive looking restaurants outside of the hotel nearby on Isla Verde Blvd that the snobby people making negative comments probably passed up based on appearance. I stayed on the 3rd floor and had a patio outside my room. Yes again to the negative posters...the AC IS cold (that's it's purpose) when the people in the room don't know how to move a knob from 50 degrees to whatever temp is comfortable for them. The thermostat is in plain view and has 3 fan settings as well as temp settings ranging from 50 to 80 degrees. Mold??? it is nearly 100% humidity all the time in SJ...but we didn't see any anywhere in the hotel and we had a huge block of rooms for all people with us...as far as the staff goes they couldn't have been more friendly!!! Everyone from door men to the front desk to the maids all greated us with a smile and a GREAT hello. I can't say enough about the beauty of the grounds. We even had a midnight glimpse of the actor Samual L Jackson while we were there. He was staying in a private area of the hotel with it's own gated pool. Obviously he thinks it is a GREAT place too!!! As far as leaving the Wyndham for the continental next door....ICK. They have pool hours and beach hours at the Continental but at WyndhamEl San Juan you are free to enjoy these things 24 hours a day with security up to keep things safe on the beach. I couldn't have had a better time! The Wyndham El San Juan is the BEST!!!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not as expected we heard great things about this place..the common areas are beautiful. The standard rooms are very average and old.. nice marble in the bathroom, but the balcony doors stick, air conditioner leaks, rooms not as clean as should be, welcome drinks/fruit, did not happen. The staff is VERY slow. tipping or none, it does not make a difference.Pool beautiful, plenty of hot tubs. If I would go to there, i'd suggest the garden/ocean villa/rooms.Standard rooms are average for the money you will spend there.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Never again. We stayed in the garden rooms touted to be really nice. The a/c was so cold (in January) that everything fogged up and was moldy. Everything is old. The casino was crappy and the nightclub was a teenager magnet. I thought the food was mediocre. The only nice things about this hotel are the lobby and the Palm Restaurant in the lobby.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>El San Juan is a complete hotel!! From the word go my wife and I had a great time on the island and at the hotel! Our room was automatically upgraded because of Wyndham by request and the fact it was our honeymoon. We had a large, clean room with a view of the ocean. A bottle of wine was waiting for us upon arrival and more free beverages and snacks arrived within minutes of us getting in our room. The pool and the black bottom hot tub were both very relaxing and never crowded. The staff was very friendly all the way from check in to check out! My wife won a little money in the casino and I enjoyed the cigars and rum in the lobby while we people watched. I honestly can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay at the Caribe Hilton instead! Trust me. The most dissaponting stay I have ever had-not worth the money! The lobby and nightlife at the Wyndham El San Juan is very Titanic-like- big, bold and a magnet for all of the young and short skirt wearing in San Juan. That was great and fun. The rooms however are nowhere as elagant and stately( they are just a step above a Days Inn). After waiting until 5 pm to check in (no rooms ready yet), I recieved no welcome package as a Wyndham by request member until 2 days later. And the small room... mold and cracks everywhere, dirty chairs on the balcony, paper thin walls, iron was broken, the toilet looked like it was from a bus station and one outlet in the wall dangerously overloaded. And the staff- not friendly at all- Rushed, very cold, rude, no smiles. And be careful of additional charges- we had charges made to our room that we didn't make and had to fight them at checkout. We stayed here at the end of our trip to Puerto Rico- we began our trip at the Caribe Hilton- which was hands down the BEST! Beautiful everything! Room, pools, beach, lobby and service. Wyndham take notice- this hotel can't live by the nightlife alone-your guests need to be happy too.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time!!!!! Well before i planned my trip i was suprised to read so many mixed reviews. Some very positive yet some very negative. I stayed at the wyndham el San Juan on Sept 24 through oct 3 and i must say it was first class. I did not experience any of the negative comments that others had described. In Fact i was their during that fasion show and I could not fathom how many beautiful people i saw. I though vegas had hot women! Man During the fasion show every women was breath taking! Anyway my experience was very very positive during a very very busy time. In addition i got a photo with Felix Trinadad World Renoun former IBF, WBA, Welter Weight Boxing champion...Many other famous celebrities were there during this time. Some things to be aware of though, Parking Is extremely difficult to find during this fasion show which is held twice a year MARCH, SEPT....you will be charged hourly if you are not a guest...$8 a day for a guest...In addition you are not to ware shorts after 6 pm in the gallery. All in All had a blast coming back....Side note I also stayed at the intercontinetal two hotels down both very nice...  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Broken Hearted at El Conquistador My wife ane I visited in September 2003 and also about five years ago. Staff service, housekeeping and maintenance have significantly declined since our first visit. Over the past 5 years we raved about El Conquistador. Sad to see this hotel go from a 5 star to 2 star. We won't be back.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoriZ
<Content>Fun Time, Great Resort We went to the Wyndham El San Juan after 5 days on Vieques. Vieques was the quiet, relaxing part. And El San Juan the party part. Planned it so we arrived there on Friday, so we could have the weekend nights there. The lobby is huge, and gorgeous. Dark paneled wood, with 3 lobby bars, casino, Latin Dance club with live music, and disco. This is supposedly the most happenin spot in San Juan on weekends - with lots of locals coming by. Best part, with 2 kids along (7  14), didn't have to leave the resort to enjoy some of the nightlife. At one point, my husband and I just sat at a table in the lobby, Martini's in hand, people-watching. It really did give the impression of Havana during it's heyday. Good security - so only hotel guests could enter certain areas of the resort. We got a very nice room in newly renovated 3 story portion of the hotel. At first I was disappointed because I thought the main hotel was the better place, but room was nice where we were, more private and convenient to the pool. Grounds are beautifully landscaped, lush and clean. Even though one pool was being redone, we didn't miss it much. The other pool and several hot tubs were plenty and kept the kids happy for hours. If you want great, local food at reasonable prices and very reasonable breakfast, there is a restaurant called La Casita in little shopping center 3 blocks right as you exit the hotel. Also, the rainforest, El Yunque, is definitely worth a visit.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wedding Plans I have stayed at the El San Juan before, but this time August 9, 2003 was the ultimate. I am now planning my wedding there. It was excellent the services was of highest quality. Thanks for making my stay beautiful.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Hotel is Lovely I have stayed at the El San Juan many many times,,, there is none other like it and the nearest thing to Havana that we will ever get close to for us here in the states.. The hotel lobby is lovely and if you want some entertainment you must be there to watch the puerto ricans dance on saturday night... There is none other like it,, Lovely.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Anniversary "Surprise"! I booked a three night stay for my husband and I at the Wyndham ESJ for our 20th wedding anniversary (it was a surprise for my husband). Who would have guessed that the real surprise was going to be on me!!!! I called the Wyndham ESJ to make dinner reservations and set-up some in room surprises for my husband (for our arrival date and anniversary, August 27th). The receptionist told me that I should contact Wyndham by Request and become a member so that I could personally request exactly how I wanted our room set-up. I spent over 20 minutes filling out forms and requesting special items to be placed in the room. What a great idea...or so I thought!! When we arrived at the hotel, we went straight to the By Request desk (holding our membership card in hand). We gave them our membership card and waited as the gentleman punched in our number. I'm sorry, but we have no record of you in our computer we were told. You'll have to check-in at the main reservation desk. Okay, little bump in the road, nothing major, I thought, and we proceeded over to the reservation desk. The specialist confirmed our reservation and asked us to check the dates of our stay. Excuse me, I said, this isn't right. We are supposed to be staying three nights (27th - 30th). Oh, no, I'm sorry, but we've overbooked the hotel and your final night has been cancelled. SURPRISE!!!! Happy Anniversary!!! Of course my husband saw that I was slowly having a major melt-down, so he came to my defense. After several minutes and no resolution to the situation, she said they had given us a wonderful room with an ocean view...one of our best, to make up for the mix-up. While we waited for her to see what she could do about our reservation, or lack thereof, she gave us the key to our room and we decided to unpack and relax. Now, of course, I'm thinking at the price I'm paying, and the looks of the lobby (which was gorgeous), that our room would be wonderful (just as she described). If you call mold around the air conditioning vent, cigarette burns on the carpeting, and broken wood slats on the window wonderful, then this room was WONDERFUL!!! And, not to mention, the room smelled like dirty socks. If this is one of their best, I'd hate to see their worst. To make a long story short (if that's possible) we checked out the Intercontinental (a couple of doors down...where they were going to send us for our third night's stay). We ended up being so impressed by the staff and the hotel that we immediately booked three nights there instead. We returned to the Wyndham ESJ, cancelled our existing reservation, and headed back to the Intercontinental where our anniversary trip ended up much better than it started off. My advice to anyone considering the Wyndham ESJ....call ahead to make sure they didn't overbook and that you still have a reservation, or you too, might be SURPRISED!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BraunyTosa
<Content>Some good - Some bad Stayed here on business for a week in August. The rooms are worn and could use some paint and new carpeting. Did not have any problem with noise from the airport. The lobby bars seem to be the hopping place in town. Stayed at the Ritz in June and if you want quiet, service and nicer rooms I would recomend it over the El San Juan.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a very good experience for a party of 19 After reading some negative reviews on this site, we emailed ahead to the WyndhamByRequest manager. We were an extended family of 21 on a reunion. Our experience was quite smooth. We were all upgraded to the Garden lanai rooms near the pool on the same floor. The casino is one of the largest with a variety of games and we all won money. The restaurants can be pricey but by being in Isla Verde, you have the option to walk and eat closeby. Metropole, a local renowned restaurant, is within walking distance. There are also your usual American places like Burger King, Ponderosa Steakhouse, Wendy's, Outback Steakhouse, etc. and are cheaper options for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Our floor was a nonsmoking room but one room ended up smoking. With a complaint, the manager apologized and provided complimentary full breakfast vouchers. By the poolside, one day, our lunch order took 50 minutes. With another complaint, we got free drinks. The bigger pool was nice and the kids and adults had a good time - there is pool volleyball, a swim up bar, and the lounge chairs all have cushions. The beach is okay but the water is rough. We stayed close to the Wyndham just in case and experienced no trouble. We did hear the planes but it didn't really bother us. Wyndham was the happening place Saturday evening where people dress to the nines. After 7, there is a dress code but you can wear shorts and exit on the side without any commotion. Being close allows us to take a cab to Old San Juan for sightseeing and shopping, and to Condado, another nice area to visit. Overall, we had a good time and a smooth trip.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>qwerty45
<Content>Honeymoon Nightmare We were going to spend the first six nights of our honeymoon at the El San Juan before flying on to Nevis. The first night (July 14, 2003), we were robbed at gunpoint on the beach right outside the hotel. Apparently the beach is not safe, but they don't tell their guests this (we heard they warn their guests at the Ritz Carlton). They refuse to recognize that it is unsafe. When the manager asked if there was anything she could do, we asked her to help us find a way to leave as soon as possible. She said I'm sure you'll feel differently tomorrow, it's very safe here. The staff at the hotel is trained to repeat the phrase I'm sorry, but it didn't happen on our property. Also, while we were talking to security fifteen minutes after we were robbed, another couple walked past us to go out to the beach. We had to tell them what happened because the security guards made absolutely NO attempt to stop them.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time at ESJ. Just returned from a 5 day, GoGo tour, to San Juan. Stayed at the El San Juan and loved it. The staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful. The restaurants were very good, except for the western one, that was just OK. Loved the beach, the pool, all the bars and nightlife at the hotel. The salsa bands were super. The room was fine, just a small amount of condensation from the air. We hung out our Please make up room sign each morning and had no problem. We even had a turn down service each evening and a newspaper delivered to the door each morning. There was an international Police Assc. Convention being held the last few days, so it was pretty crowded. The planes didn't bother us at all. You would expect to hear some plane noise being just a mile or 2 from the airport. In all it was a very relaxing vacation. Loved the resort and the Puerto Rican people!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great resort I stayed at the El San Juan with my girlfriend for four nights in early July. The hotel was excellent, and I really cannot understand the negative reviews. Perhaps it is just an expectations game.I got an excellent package rate on expedia.com, including the flight and the hotel. Check in was simple, the staff was without exception friendly and helpful, and the guests were very high class (Jets quarterback Vinny Testaverde was a guest). The hotel lobby was fabulous, and it was a great place to hang out in the evening. The pool was also great. The beach seemed nice, but it was very windy, so we tended to stay at the pool.I was prepared for the worst, but my room in the main tower was fine, and well above Holiday Inn quality. This is the Carribean, and the humidity is going to affect the rooms. There was some condensation dripping from the A/C vent in the ceiling, but that was no big deal. The bathroom was huge, and the furnishings were very nice.The hotel did seem relatively empty, and it is possible that service is not as good during a busy period.I would stay at the El San Juan again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joangszy
<Content>Isla Verde....nice getaway We just returned from the El San Juan and we had a great time. Granted, it is not the nicest hotel I've ever been to, but it was worth the money. We got a great web rate on Wyndham.com. So, since the rooms weren't that $$$ I wasn't too concerned about the rooms being outdated. The casino was so fun and the restaurants were great. Yamato is better than Benihana here in NJ. The food there was outstanding. The beach is so-so. I grew up on the Gulf of Mexico so I'm a beach snob. It was just ok. The pool was great, swim up bar, lots of palm trees. Wonderful! The pool chairs are so comfy too. Well, all in all it was a great mini vacation. I'm not sure if we'll go back because we never go to the same place twice, but it was fun. Oh and yes there is a lot of airplane noise, but for the life of me I don't get why that bothers people. I hear planes all the time here in Philly. No big deal. Maybe the people complaining about the noise live out in the country or at least far from a metropolitan area and aren't used to city noise. who knows.... If you want complete peace and quiet go to the West side of PR. Isla Verde is loud and action packed. I've heard Ricon is awesome too. One more thing, try Maria's in Old San Juan, they serve enchiladas and tacos for lunch and make the best frozen drinks! It is located on Cristo Street I think.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel at all costs! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 days, 4 nights in June, 2003. We arrived at the hotel at 2:00 pm, and after waiting to check in at the front desk for 45 minutes, we were told that our room would be ready fairly soon. After checking back with the front desk numerous times, we were told at 5:30 that our room was finally ready. We retrieved our luggage from the bellboys, without so much as an offer to bring them up to our room. When we got to our room, we opened our sliding doors to reveal... a beautiful view of the parking lot and the airport runway. All we could hear for the next 5 days were airplanes taking off and landing. It was truly terrible. The room smelled like mildew, the walls looked dirty, as if they had not been painted in decades. We tried to make the best of the situation, as many often say, You don't spend your vacation in your hotel room. So we made our way down to the pool. And it is here, where the El San Juan slightly redeems itself... Slightly. The pool is beautiful, the grounds are very attractive. The beach, however, was not attractive at all. To your far right are decrepit, run-down local restaurants. As you walk onto the beach, you are immediately accosted by the chair man, who, like the rest of the El San Juan staff, immediately sizes you up in order to determine how much assistance he will provide you with. Apparently, my boyfriend and I did not seem to be wealthy enough or mature enough to garner much attention from this person, that is, until it came time to tip him. After he practically threw our chairs in the sand, he stood over me, waiting for his tip, and sucked his teeth in disgust after I handed him several dollar bills. This, I'm afraid, is a very common attitude amongst the staff at the El San Juan. Waiters and waitresses practically ignored us, and the concierge and the front desk staff sneered at us every time we came by with a request for information. We couldn't figure out if it was because we were not dressed in three piece suits or because we couldn't speak fluent Spanish, but for some reason, we were treated with not one iota of respect. The hotel has a dress code, where shorts are not permitted in the lobby area after 7 pm. I could understand this policy, as the El San Juan is a fairly fancy hotel, and offers a great deal in terms of nightlife, i.e., casino, cigar bar, clubs, etc. What I didn't understand was why, when we walked through the lobby in the afternoon in our bathing suits/shorts/coverups, we were stared at as if we were walking around naked. Now, understand, at night, we did dress up. We live in New York, and are accustomed to having to dress up in order to gain entry to finer restaurants, bars, clubs, lounges, etc. So we couldn't figure out why we were continually treated with such rude and unfriendly attitudes. Food was ok. I've had better. Lunch options at the grill beside the pool are limited, yet extremely pricey. We ate at two of the restaurants in the hotel, on the top floor, overlooking the beach. It was pleasant, but the food was still not worth the price we paid for it. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone I know. The service we received was completely awful. After the constant exposure to this rude and unfriendly staff, we even began to feel uncomfortable, as if we did not belong. My word of advice: Your money is better spent somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Batroun
<Content>Dreadful Experience at the el San Juan My wife and I called before we left JFK to say that we had read enough negative reviews about the Hotel that we wanted to make doubly sure we would not get a bad room for a week. We were told that we would be looked after. We were given room 731. The view of the empty beer cans and the roof were so moving! The aircraft noise? Woke me up from a dead sleep at 3.38am, 4.00am, 4.45am, etc. And if that wasn't bad enough, there seems to be a have at it policy for the guests, consisting of screaming, yelling, door slamming......all night long. Soft pillows? They don't exist. Wyndham By Request? Forget about it.Call security? Yeah, they really care. They have a restaurant there called the El Veranda. It is a breakfast buffet and luncheon place. The wait-staff is amazing. That is, you will not believe how any group of people could be this lazy. They want you to order from the buffet, give them a tip and leave. We ordered tomato juice and items off the menu--2 waiters in succession just walked away. And the rest rooms at this place? Off the main lobby the men's room reeks of urine. It is literally never, ever washed with a disinfectant. As for the El Veranda men's room, you need to wear Off!. It is also never, ever properly cleaned and the standing water breeds dozens of voracious insects. Save yourself the aggravation and go to the Ritz-Carlton next door or the Wyndham El Conquistador. The El San Juan is an expensive disaster.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to return! My husband and I stayed at the El San Juan in June. The hotel was great. A true resort with live entertainment, excellent dining, hand-rolled cigars at the cigar bar [my husband loved that] and a classic casino.We booked the standard room without an ocean view in the main tower. The room was large but the bathroom was small and outdated. The view was less than spectacular [we had the city view]. But for the price, we were happy. When we return, we will pay the extra for the ocean view or the garden room.Also, this area of san juan is very close to the airport. You could hear the planes taking off from the room, as well as at the pool or beach.We also checked out the Ritz-Carlton [it's right next door]. If money is no object, that is the place to stay. But it was an older crowd along with some newleyweds. But, as it's in the same area, you could hear the planes from their pool area/beach also.Make sure you join the Wyndam rewards club, because they brought wonderful snacks and beverages shortly after we checked in.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love Puerto Rico!   showReview(1099796, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The truth   showReview(1031626, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>On my list of Top 3 Worst Hotels   showReview(931920, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why do people complain?   showReview(930129, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here at all costs   showReview(908839, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Time to renovate   showReview(859889, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Blessed!!   showReview(646699, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice Hotel and Nice Puerto Rico   showReview(642095, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Worst Case Scenario!   showReview(567369, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice but overpriced   showReview(407288, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout y est.   showReview(18532855, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

