<Author>AoraKuching
<Content>Tiny with Good Location (Malaysia) The hotel was recommended by a travel agent because I wanted a cheaper hotel in a strategic location. I did read about how tiny the rooms are but I thought hey, it cannot be that bad. We arrived in Singapore on Friday and were put in a double room. Like the other reviews, I was really suprised to see that the room is the tiniest room that I have ever seen. As my booking was a twin room, I went to the front desk to ask for a change. They quickly obliged and that was a relief. For breakfast, we had American Breakfast for 4 days straight as our stay was for 5 days. As Asian, I guess my taste is more for Asian cuisine though I did not mind the American Breakfast.The location of the hotel is very strategic despite the tiny room we were put into. Little India is just a stone throw, Orchard Rd is just a few minutes walk form the hotel and there are plenty of food stalls and restaurants in the area in case you go hungry. For a quick bite, you can go to 7-eleven that is located next to the hotel. They have a variety of sandwiches up for grab. Going around is also easy. At the lobby, there is a travel agent desk ready to take you around to interesting places in Singapore. The service provided was good and the guides are well-trained. There is a public bus right in front of the hotel and we tried getting on that one too. It cost us a dollar each to get to the hotel from the Singapore Flyer.Overall, our visit to Singapore was a really good one. We managed to see what we wanted to see and experienced the best of Singapore. Well the hotel is just a place to rest after a long outing. Just close an eye to the size of the room and ENJOY SINGAPORE.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Kiwijock
<Content>Not for the faint-hearted. There was no room on the floor to open suitcases, or to store them flat. The shower was literally over the toilet because the bathroom was so small. The rooms upstairs were clean and quiet, but we had horror stories from other guests about conditions lower down - holes in doors and so much noise all night that sleep was impossible. Breakfast was an experience to be missed. We were told by taxi drivers that this a leading love hotel where rooms are let for short term assignations. Taxis are not allowed to stop outside during the day as there is a bus stop there, so beware if it is raining.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>BlueHeeler777
<Content>Clean but really really small       It's called a 'wet toilet' (it gets wet when you shower).  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>privateidaho1
<Content>unfair treatment we booked 2 superior rooms through agoda .one for us and one for our friend,both at the same rate.we got room 805,after entering our room we discovered the room was not much bigger than the bed and the bathroom was not much better. we went down and complained and and were told if we wanted a bigger room it was going to cost an extra 32.10 a night extra. we agreed to pay the extra. a few days later we went to visit our friends room as she went to malaysia for a visit and had left us her room key . upon entering her room 706 we were shocked to find it totally different to what we were originally allocated. much larger bigger bathroom and it had a tv which i am not sure we had in our first room. we complained to the front desk and have tried to get a refund of 160.50 singapore through agoda without any luck. my point is this if we booked 2 superior rooms paid the same for each of them ,then surely as a customer we should have the same quality ( size) i would still like to get a refund as i am not happy. but i do not no what to do next.the staff behind the counter are very nice and i get the impression they have had this problem before  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	3	4	3	2	

<Author>shirin
<Content>The tiniest rooms I've ever seen When we booked this Hotel, we had already read reviews saying that the rooms were really small. However, we could not have imagined HOW really tiny they were ! There were three of us ( my husband, adult daughter and myself ) in a so-called FAMILY ROOM, which literally did not have space to put a suitcase flat on the floor -- we had to put them on the beds whenever we needed to open them. There was not a single shelf or cupboard -- and just enough room to walk around the 3 beds !!The bathroom was about 3' x 3' big -- but I must say that it somehow fitted in a toilet, shower and basin -- and there was plenty of hot water.My main gripe, however, is that we were travelling with my other daughter and her small and fretful baby -- and the management kept us sitting in the lobby for FOUR HOURS and would not allow us to check in even a little earlier than the fixed time !!To be fair -- the rooms and baths were sparkling clean, and when the AC conked out late one night, we were immediately moved to another ( equally tiny !) room. And the hotel was very centrally located.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	5	1	2	3	

<Author>Vincesmith_UK
<Content>Disgusting This is the most disgusting place I have ever come acrossRooms, or should I say boxes 3 meter sq maxFirst room I was offered had no windowsbathroon as wide as a hand washbasin abd you can literally sit on the toiet and take a shower at the same timesI had a so called superior room I shidder to think what a standard room was likeBreakfast frugal and coldAvoid it at all costsOne word diescribes it for jne and that is disgusting and a total con  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>jaedyn6
<Content>Small room But still ggod Overall the hotel was good. rooms are small but clean.Bathroom is small(you can sit on the toilet and wash your hair at the same time). No joking.breakfast was goo and the cafe has a great menu for lunch and dinner options.5 mins to mrtGreat locationWould stay againgreat pool too  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Kiwi2222
<Content>Rooms too small I don't like to be a negative person, but I have to say this and warn others about this 'hotel'.The rooms are far far far too small. Our room had NO window and could only fit a small double bed in it, with no room to place our bags or walk around the bed. It felt like a prison cell. The bed was basically a hard foam slab - and it has a vinyl cover over it. It was extremely uncomfortable and we had two nights of horrible sleep. The room was exceptionally noisy with the sound of water flushing around. The corridors are very noisy and the cleaners kept insisting on shouting and dragging equipment around at 10-11pm. Why so late?On the positive side, the location of the property is excellent, is very clean and tidy, the staff are very friendly and oblivious to their guests pain. The combined TV/DVD player is a nice touch - but only if you've got DVD's to play. The range of TV channels is like 5 channels, mostly in asian languages and with terrible reception.We booked on Wotif and paid SGP$171 per night for a 'superior room' which was cheaper than the rack rate. For this price, this property has no right to call itself a Hotel. The room size will leave you feeling ripped off, tired and grumpy. We hated our stay in Singapore because of our experience here. If the owners would only just halve the number of rooms and double their size then they'd have a terrific hotel, rather than the upmarket prison cells they currently have.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>yogobashi_akiba
<Content>Great Location, small room Location-wise this hotel was perfect, walking distance from Orchard Road, Little India, MRT. From Changi Airport to the hotel the taxi journey was about forty minutes long, the cost of the ride was very cheap in comparison to the UK. The staff were always friendly towards me and would always go out of the way to tell me how to get to various places such as Sentosa, Bugis street market etc. As part of my one week stay at this hotel american breakfast was included, the breakfast was good. I didn't use the swimming pool or internet access in the lobby. The room was fairly small, adequate for a single traveller. The bathroom was very small but kept in very clean conditions.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>P0014
<Content>Things to prepare if you stay here...         
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	3	3	4	

<Author>TravalMumma
<Content>Small but excellent The room was small but clean and very comfortable. The staff were excellent and went out of their way to upgrade our room at no extra cost when they saw that we were travelling with a baby. The location was very convenient and most importantly safe. Would stay here again on future visits to Singapore.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bluering73
<Content>Worse hotel I have been The room is so tiny that you can hardly find a place on the floor to put your luggage. Nosiest hotel I have ever been. 5 nights without being able to sleep at all. This hotel drives you crazy at night. The walls must be as thin a paper, Loud noise comes from everywhere at night up to one or two o鈥檆lock in the morning, corridor, neighboring rooms. Slamming of doors in the middle of the night, loud trolleys rolling along the corridor in the middle of the night, people shouting, loud talks, loud TV everything is amplified. It is really a mad house. I rang reception twice to complain about the madness going on at night, but they did nothing. I would not recommend this mad house to anyone. Just keep away.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>sunflower725
<Content>Room very small but clean I stayed in Selegie hotel for one day in Mar 2008, it is a small hotel and the room is macro small, esp the toilet, very small but the room is clean, the hotel staff are quite nice and helpful. If u are looking for a budgeted hotel then this hotel is quite ok coz the location is quite near to the shopping complex and hawker store. And i like the complimentary breakfast provided, its a westen breakfast set.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>BeeandGeePerth
<Content>Hotel? You Must Be Joking! Under no circumstances should the  Fragrance be classified as a hotel. It is a glorified backpackers and should be marketed as this.(although even backpackers could probably get a better deal if they shop around ) The double rooms are extremely small (10'x 8') with no room to move whatsoever, as the bed takes up most of the space,a single traveller may find room for his or her bag but a couple travelling together have no chance. The bed (if you can call it that) was covered with a waterproof covering and was very uncomfortable to lie on.The so called bathroom is a joke (i have always heard the saying to [--]/Shave/and Shower but never in my wildest dreams did i think you could do all 3 together until seeing this bathroom.You have to enter naked (no where to put your clothes!) and leave your towel outside so you can dry yourself. Also make sure you take a spare cloth to wipe down the toilet afterwards should either of you need to use it, after your shower!We arrived at the hotel at approx 6.45am after travelling all night (with our parents who are both in their late 70's) and although having requested an early check in was still made to wait until 2.00pm, by which time there were at least another half dozen people waiting. After being given the keys to our box we tried to get a couple of hours rest, which was almost impossible due to the uncomfortable bed and the noise in the corridor and from the lift. It was at this time a unanimous decision was made that the four of us check out, and go find ourselves a HOTEL to stay in, which by the way we done with ease and at the same price we were paying at The FragranceThe 7 hours of waiting in the foyer to check in at the Fragrance was without doubt the best part of our short but sweet stay there.So be warned and aware of what you are getting yourselves into, this is NOT a good place to stay!! even backpackers could do a better deal!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WinnyThePooh
<Content>Super Small Room, But Good Location Stay for two nights. Don't have reservation when check-in since I hunt this property directly after moving from other hotel. Friendly reception staff, very helpful although the night staff a little bit snobbish. Good location - 3 minutes walk from Little India MRT, 10-15 minutes walk from Dhouby Ghout MRT, bus stop in front of hotel, 7in11 shop next door, safe area.My objection is that of the room size, it's so small especially the bathroom ( I called it the XS bathroom). Other than that everthing is okay, the room is clean, u get fresh towel everyday, u get hair dryer, the ac is good, and u get an LCD tv in the room.Breakfast is fine although the menu is the same every day, friendly staff here.A little bit pricey if I think about the room size, but for the location and convinience it's okay for a nice budget hotel.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Happy_ACE
<Content>Unexpected I had just over my vacation in December with my family. The hotel we stayed was absolutely fantastic. We booked for a family room with 2 twin beds, suprised it's also had 2 bathrooms, was clean and tidy eventhough it was small but provided TV cum DVD player and the hotel also having a swiming pool, my childred were very enjoyed. The staff were helpful and good service. The breakfast provided also very nice. we only paid for SGD150++ per night. The location was very convenient, less than 5 mins walk to MRT station and the bus stop was just right outside the hotel.  Overall I should say that this hotel is worth to stay and it was at a very good location. It just that i had choosen the wrong date to visit due to the rainy season in December.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dizzyPerth
<Content>What you see is what you get Stayed at the Fragrance Selegie for three nights in Dec 2007. Read all previous reviews and took the chance.The rooms are micro small. (A new word for compact). You have to see the bathroom to believe it. The plus is that the shower is powerful. You can hear every noise from the corridors because of the tiled floor. It is ok for a couple of nights - wouldn't recommend anything longer. You have to live out of a suitcase - no wardrobe - just three hangers on a hook. No room to move around. The breakfast was good - just like the photo provided by a previous reviewer. It was served promptly and hot - with fruit juice, toast and spread, and tea or coffee. It is an average hotel if you work on the assumption you get what you pay for.Ideally situated for Orchard Road - LIttle India and Bugis Road.Don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Aussieinengland
<Content>Get what you pay for       From the front  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>pipiland
<Content>super XS room selegie was the only hotel available on the last december 07 i know. I read the review, and all said it was small, well the size of the room was beyond. It was super small, me and my husband a bit shock. the bed isn't comfortable at all, its crunchy because the bed covered by (i dont know) plastic leather or something. yes it's clean according to the price, but it need to repaint. the bathroom was small also off course, you can brush yor teeth and take a shower in the same time. The breakfast was ok if you stay less than 3 nite in a row. We spend 3 nights in selegie, and we ate the same breakfast every day. But the crew all nice and helpfull. The location nice, from orchard you can take bus to go to selegie, the bus stop just in front of the hotel. Very convinient considering we had to walk far far away from MRT to another MRT. Yet the location of the hotel isn't far from little india MRT, just 3 minutes by walk  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>markh
<Content>ok if your on a tight budjet. The room and bathroom are extreamly small. If your a single traveler like myself with ONLY check on baggage you will be ok. This room IS NOT for two people. In order to watch tv you have to lay in bed as its mounted on the ceiling. The swimming pool on the roof is nice but with only one chair. The hotel is a $18 cab ride from the airport and just a little more than that if you go after midnight.The big problem i had was that they WILL NOT let anyone check in before 3:00p.m. Everyday at around 2:00 the lobby is packed with people that have been there for who knows how long waiting. Then all of a sudden they start checking everyone in. So if your flight gets in early dont expext to get into your room right away.Breakfast was'nt bad in the morning as long as your on a diet. Not the buffet type that many south east asian hotels have.I will only stay here again if my budjet wont allow me anywhere else.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>wairuapai
<Content>Not bad at all! Was expecting it to be terrible but was quite suprised.Yes its small (bonus being you can shower and use the toilet at the same time!!)Yes you can hear everything outside your door.BUT its very clean, staff are wonderful - especially the cafe staff, you get free breakfast and there is a very clean, well maintained pool.Air conditioning unit was fine and the TV was good.Very minimal blankets though and the bed a bit hard, but for a budget hotel was pretty darn good.The area is fantastic for colour, safe to walk around at night and cant beat it for access to transport.Would definitly reccommend to people on a budget.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dcr4v3r
<Content>Small but Extra Clean Hotel Although there are lots of pro and cons from several reviews we read online about Fragrance Hotel at Selegie Road, we decided to keep the booking. The room rate was the most economical (considering it was still peak-season) and we booked it for 3 nights. We got there around 4:30pm, check-in (quite fast), and went to our room which was on the very same level with the lobby. We expected the room to be very small from reading the previous reviews. And yes, we would say that the room is best recommended for Asian tourists because of its petite size. Bathroom was very small; distance between the toilet, shower, and sink only about 10inches away. The nicest thing about this hotel was its extreme cleanness! Breakfast was ok, no buffet but the same pre-selected menu everyday (except they change the bread type every morning) . The waitress and waitresses are the nicest people over there. We asked for directions and they were so helpful in getting us the right one :) The biggest advantage of this hotel is the location. Very convenient, only 5 minutes away from Little India MRT station, bus stop in front of the hotel...and one of our favorites: Very close to Mustafa Center, the 24-hour shopping mall in Singapore! Couldn't ask for a better place than Fragrance Hotel in Selegie Road.Overall, we were pretty satisfied with this hotel. We will definitely recommend this hotel to our fellow backpackers or tourists who have limited budget and looking for the best money-can-buy accommodation :)  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Londonboy61
<Content>Small but adequate I booked this place in last minute desperation as no other affordablerooms were available. Then I read the reviews on here and became concerned! However I found the Hotel fine.True It's not the HIlton (which I had in fact stayed in a few nights earlier in KL) but if you are travelling alone and need a place to sleep it's fine. The room is very small and so is the toilet/shower room but it was very clean. I was provided with two clean towels in the room and personally found the staff very friendly and helpful.The swimming pool was also very clean.All in all I was pleasantly surprised especially after reading the reviews on here, and btw the way I've travelled a lot and stayed in many different places and am not that easy to please!!Don't book this place if you are expecting luxury or space, but it does provide a clean comfortable nights sleep at a budget in Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>JMA82
<Content>Dont Stay Here! Awful, Awful, Awful. Room was ridiculously small, the staff were incredibly rude, there was no fridge in the room as advertised and someone was murdered out the front of the place during our stay! i had read the reviews but figured that i could handle it as i would be out and about and just needed a place to rest my head. But dont do it!! Steps from the pool to the lift are wet and dangerous, as i found out. It was so seedy and you can rent rooms by the hour there which i didnt realise (which was the first thing we were confronted with when we arrived late at night). The place is unfriendly, unsafe and an utter shithole. DONT DO IT!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>JSoo
<Content>Not the kind i expected Negative:- Room way too small (Even smaller than a 2-star  budget hotel in Kota Kinabalu,Malaysia) - Room suitable for dogs and frogs - Bathroom terrifically atrocious a.) Liquid soap dispenser is useless b.) No place to hang the clothes while having a bath. -Towel only available on request during second day ot stay. -Front counter staff is Mr.Don't-Know-It-All (Doesn't know where the National Museum is) -Bus stand right in front of hotel,no space for taxis to pick up and drop passengers (comments by  taxi drivers) -Irregular temperatures of air-conditionerPositive:-Clean room -Well prepared breakfast -Not too noisy as stated in other reviews Close proximity to MRT Station,Orchard Road,FB stores -Has luggage room to temporarily store luggage inside after checking out.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>olcumdi
<Content>abominable I had read the reviews before I arrived the hotel. But I thought that couldnt be like that. But I found something worse than comments. 4m2 hotel room. No seperate shower. it is combined with toilet. swimming pool is very dirty;. Staff looks friendly first, but they show their real face after.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>belle_tang
<Content>Cute Hotel!       Breakfast every morning  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>jcyh
<Content>Breakfast Negative- Tiny rooms, no wardrobe, bathroom wayyyyy too small, smelly towels, noisyyyy, ill informed, inflexible staff- especially at the front deskPositives- Breakfast was good and fast. The staff there are very efficent (was told that the cafe are run by a different management, no wonder). Would only recommend this hotel to my worst enemy! This is my second time staying with the Fragrance Hotel chain (don't ask about the first one!) and trust me, don't stay there.I rate them 1 star for accomodation and 5 stars for the breakfast ladies!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	4	4	1	4	3	

<Author>SweetLing
<Content>BAD  Room is so very tiny, no space to unload things. Had to strain very hard to watch TV. Very noisy too. Reception was non-responsive. Plus points go to breakfast room, and to the ladies and gentlemen maning breakfast. Very fast, prompt and great service during breakfast !!! I have to say, I enjoyed the 2 breakfasts at this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>goodwitch205
<Content>worst hotel my agency was fooled into thinking this is a pretty good business hotel. And, I have already reported it. Nobody could speak proper English at the reception, I asked for directions to the Rendevouz Hotel..I get told 3 times..'sure we can do your laundry'..oh well. I look for a bath to soak in, nothing. Ask reception where it is..and find out there is a shower right above the toilet. So, you end up removing towels or anything you dont want to get soaked. Great! And if you are a person with long legs, try sitting on the toilet sideways. helps not to squeeze your legs against the wall. Bed bugs! Galore! I am still scratching. If you smoke, you might need a mask, no ventilation, cant open the window. Three good things, you have a phone, a TV, and an air-conditioner. Space..hahahahaha! Quietness, nothing, kids running up and down the room above you or your corridor, and my most pet peeve..the breakfast service! Get cold toast and no butter..get coffee 10 minutes later..20 minutes, screaming for breakfast only to be told..oh sorry..we are busy! Thanks..but guess what? Me very hungry and want HOT food! So, bring me HOT everything RIGHT NOW!!! So, if you choose this hotel..good luck to you! (scratch scratch)  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>inter-travel
<Content>Do not opt for this even if this is the last resort given by your agent Negative Features- ridiculously tiny rooms and bath area- Toilet, shower and wash basin, all installed within a tiny room of the size of a standard Indian toilet.- Half size wafer thin towels- No space for keeping the luggage. No wardrobe- Rooms are so tiny that if one person stands, the other has to sit. - The luggage has to be spread on the floor. I am yet to figure out how the house keeping guys would have cleaned the room with luggage on the floor- No considerations given to families with more than 3 members and the rooms are given for them in different floors- Deposit money of $5 collected for a tiny item like a multi pin adaptor and even that the guest is expected to pay at the reception and collect the item. - No bell counter to carry your loggage. Even senior citizens are expected to lug their luggage along with them.- Complimentary tea provided is not good for your palate. - Some of the reception staff are rude and uncourteous. - No feedback form or stationery kept for the guests- TV with no international channels other than HBOPositive features- Nothing foundTips to the tourist - Even if you have no other choice, do not opt to stay in this hotel, unless you enjoy tiny rooms after paying big bucks. If you still have to opt for this, ensure that you have no more than one small brief case with you and you don't do any shopping in Singapore as you will not be able to repack them in the room.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveller_nz
<Content>Rooms are tiny! Our travel agent booked us this hotel and due to trade events going on at the time it was the best thing available within our budget so we agreed. I did a little research on the net before we were due to leave and only found a few reviews all saying the rooms would be small, but the rooms were tidy so I was kind of resigned to the fact that it couldnt be that bad...surely!On arrival the lobby looked quite pleasant and they had a computer room hooked up to highspeed internet for $1 for 15 minutes, which was quite reasonable. On entering our rooms we received quite a shock - the rooms are absolutely tiny. There is little room for baggage to be placed on the floor and there is no cupboards or drawers to store things, only one drawer in desk/bedside table.There is one telephone, one kettle, two packets of water (which were incredibly hard to open without a pair of scissors or sharp object) and two small biscuit or cake bars, one sachet of coffee and tea. One LCD TV with HBO which has a DVD player built into it. Two small towels are provided each day along with disposable toothbrushes and one shower cap. A liquid soap dispenser is attached to the bathroom wall. The bathroom or wetroom as I like to call it is the size of a small wardrobe or hallway closet. You can basically sit on the toilet, brush your teeth and shower at the same time! Good points: - handy location. Only a 2-3 minute walk to the nearest MRT station, Little India. And a 15 minute walk to Orchard Road. - tidy hotel, staff at reception are pleasant.- cafe is pretty average, staff are nice.- roof top swimming pool is quite nice. - rooms have air-con.Bad points: - rooms are tiny. - very noisy at night - ashtrays on each level next to each lift meant that at night smoke filled our room so had to use a towel to block the space under the door. Not very impressive!My advice: if you can afford better book elsewhere. If you have already booked, please take earplugs! The noise from the hallways is terrible so my earplugs were a saviour every single night. Apparently there are rooms in the hotel that are cheaper and do not come with windows. Be aware of this. And zip up your bags and lock them. I had an article of clothing go missing while staying in the hotel and although I am not accusing room staff of stealing, I have my suspicions.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>Richb2004
<Content>Clean, good location, very noisy and tiny room. I booked this hotel at the last minute, but did get chance to read the reviews. However, it was not what I expected.First let me emphasize the size of the rooms. If you imagine a Japanese Pod room and expand it a little then you are thinking about right. The walls of the room are no more than 20 inches from the bed on two sides and on the others the bed is against the wall. The bathroom is also tiny. If you are anything other than of average size you may have problems. That is not the main fault. The worst irritant is the noise from the corridors. The corridors are very narrow and are tiled. This coupled with the fact that all residents seem to wear clogs produces a constant noise! Wheeled suitcases seemed to have amplified noise. We moved room after the first night, but there was no escape. The second room had water constantly flowing through one of the pipes in the wall. I didn't have it in me to ask for another change, as I felt a little sorry for the staff. That鈥檚 the bad stuff, which was enough for me never to skimp on hotels again.The good points are the location and the cleanliness. The Little India MRT station is a two minute walk. Orchard road is a short walk too.The room, although tiny, was clean. The room also has a TV with built in DVD player and a small selection of channels including CNN and HBO movies. The room is also equipped with two towels of modest size. A kettle is also in the room with a ration of coffee etc, but no spoon or cups that I could find. The leather bound (anti-pee) mattresses added to my discomfort.Breakfast is just about adequate, consisting of a tea or coffee, orange juice, two fried eggs, leaf of lettuce, two slices of meat and a potato thingy. However the breakfast area is extremely overcrowded with a queue of people constantly waiting to be seated.The staff at the hotel are very friendly and did their best to help. I felt sorry for them as I saw two other guests asking about changing rooms, whilst I was there.So, the hotel is clean, cheap, and in a good location. If you can handle the noise and don't mind very small spaces then this is the place for you, otherwise steer clear.I was tempted to give the review one star, but after reconsidering I figured that if you are a deaf midget then this might be ideal.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't sleep at the Selegie My wife and I stayed at the Fragrance Selegie on the 12th  13th of April 2006. The hotel was easy distance to Orchard Road which is the main shopping drag. The staff were always courteous, helpful and keen. The American set breakfast was toast, eggs, sausage, hash browns and a small amount of salad plus beverages. The dining area was well presented and clean and we didn't have to wait for a table. Hotel security seemed adequate and doors had card locks.The bad news however, is that the rooms are positively tiny measuring approximately 2.4mts by 2.8mts (8' by 9'). If you are over about 170cm tall your feet will hang over the end of the bed. One side of the bed is pushed up against the wall to make room to walk on the other side. There is virtually no storage space for your suitcases. Kettle but no cups or tea or coffee, and the ensuite is a wet room. This means you need to use the toilet before the shower, otherwise you have to use your towel to wipe the toilet dry. However you can sit on the toilet to wash your feet. The wet room door would not open fully, because the bed got in the way, but the room was clean and tidy. Would we stay there again , no the bed was just too short.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱倱銇倐銇亱銉汇兓   showReview(21744263, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩伅銈婂€ゆ銇犮亼銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19172633, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸娉娿伨銈?#x201d;   showReview(19172593, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

