<Author>DanInToronto
<Content>Food quality and service were underwhelming ... be aware The GOOD-the resort wasn鈥檛 horrible, although the food often was 鈥?this place simply did NOT have good value for the relatively high trip cost and we felt duped by the 鈥渇our-star plus鈥?rating-New Year鈥檚 Eve fireworks were excellent, as was the visual display of their desserts (although by that stage I knew not to trust the 鈥渓ipstick on a pig鈥?phenomena I had been experiencing with the food)-lots of staff (although often not fully competent) that were very nice and typically well-intentioned - they smiled, nodded their heads and said 鈥測es鈥?to virtually anything we asked, including the following: Is there another buffet area? Is it close to here? What direction is it? Is there only one buffet area? Do you think I鈥檓 ugly? Do you understand a [--] word I鈥檓 saying? Did your mother have any children that survived? -we got the first offerings of food at the buffet at 6:30 on our last night 鈥?it was the best food quality we encountered all week, although it was definitely a case of 鈥渢oo little, too late鈥?br/>The BAD-very little English comprehension from most of the service staff yet locals at every market or store fully understood English 鈥?we frequently didn鈥檛 get our coffee or alcohol that we ordered and often resorted to leaving our meals at the table and walking around to either find a waiter or refreshment service area-lack of common sense:i.e.) after spending considerable time attracting a morning waiter to get coffee, he only poured for one person at the table despite confirming 鈥渃inqo鈥?(five) cups needed to be filled 鈥?he then went to a nearby table to fill coffee cups, handed the carafe to a different staff and then disappeared altogether (on break?) i.e.) bartenders wouldn鈥檛 stay to their own area and serve people in an orderly manner 鈥?often someone would wait 5-10 minutes to get to the front of the lineup at a bar only to have the bartender suddenly move to the other end of the bar to tend to someone who had just walked up there (and no, not a topless woman!)-well-dressed sales people harassing us every morning as we entered the breakfast buffet area 鈥?we ultimately finally went to one of their 鈥淚t鈥檚 not a time share鈥?presentations and politely told them about 47 times that we were not even remotely interested in giving them any money at all towards their $39,950 package -we were still bombarded daily during our morning venture to the buffet even after attending the presentation, but learned to be less polite and more gruff with them since that is what it seemed to take to get them off our backs-we had four adult kids with us, two of whom had 鈥渢he biggest cockroaches I鈥檝e ever seen!鈥?in their roomsFood:-three of the six people in our party suffered from 鈥渇ood-related gastrointestinal problems鈥?during the trip 鈥?enough said? The food wasn鈥檛 horrible (okay, yes it was most of the time but this prevented over-eating and putting on ten pounds in one week :) -in general, the quality of the food was sub-par and it was even worse at the a la carte restaurants since you waited longer for its arrival, only to still be disappointed (i.e. took 90 minutes to get our main course at the Route 66 restaurant 鈥?at least it was better food than elsewhere at the resort)The UGLY-Misrepresentation: the resort claims to be a 鈥渇our-star plus鈥?yet is realistically a three-and-one-half (they must have used a self-rating system!) 鈥?I equate this 鈥減erennial best seller鈥?with the perennial best seller in the restaurant business 鈥?McDonald鈥檚 鈥?selling lots and having quality are not one and the same-we paid considerably extra (they wanted $800 per person but we got it for considerably less) for their 鈥淧RIVILEGE鈥?package that supposedly came with considerable benefits such as private beach area, no lineups for restaurants due to advance booking to restaurants 鈥?the private beach area was roped off and so small (two picnic tables wide and about ten long 鈥?we took pictures since it was so unbelievable) that any patron using it was in such a confined area that it was more like a leper colony 鈥?for restaurants, what we got was the right to pre-book dinners at either 6:30 or 9:00 (nothing in between!) whereas the peons were first come, first served 鈥?the reality is that there were typically no line-ups at any restaurants at 6:30 (too early) or at 9:00 (too late) since the masses of people ate in between these time slots 鈥?the only real privilege was that they got way too much money for virtually nothing in return for the 鈥減rivilege鈥?fee (other than the same daily fruit plate delivered to the room) -very limited New Year鈥檚 Eve package had only three food options on the menu, regardless of whether you attended the buffet area or one of their supposedly upscale a la carte restaurants 鈥?the food was horrific! Ponderosa wouldn鈥檛 even serve the shoe leather they called a steak but the biggest insult was being served mashed potatoes out of a box!-the 鈥淧rivilege鈥?service area staff spoke English, but often misinformed or lied to us:i.e.) despite seeing a patron receive American dollars when cashing in travelers鈥?cheques, we were advised this was 鈥渋mpossible鈥?and that we could only receive DR pesos (unwanted since excess pesos could not be converted back into US or Cdn funds)i.e.) -our departure flight was at 10:25 p.m. so we obviously would require some form of a late check-out 鈥?we were told this would be no problem and to confirm this the night before we left 鈥?then told to do so the morning of departure 鈥?then told it was not possible since all rooms were booked up and that we must check out by 12:00 noon 鈥?then asked what it would take to get any room for a few hours 鈥?were then told, 鈥淣o problem to keep your same room up until 6:00 for an extra $10/hour.鈥?鈥?I rhetorically asked what suddenly happened to the other people that were supposedly already occupying our room by that time 鈥?got a dumb look in response 鈥?checked out at 6:00 and only had to pay four extra hours since anyone was apparently permitted to stay until 2:00 at no extra charge 鈥?yet more inconsistent information that was a consistent theme throughout our trip-asked a busboy (who already was tipped) to watch our luggage at departure time since it would otherwise sit unattended in the lobby, from 6:30 until our cab arrived at 7:15 鈥?as soon as I turned my back and pretended to walk away, the steward left our luggage totally unattended 鈥?having traveled plenty, I knew to expect this and have a contingency plan 鈥?a couple of the kids watched while we went and ate 鈥?upon our 7:15 return to the lobby, the steward conveniently reappeared 鈥?the kids informed us that an attempt had been made to load our luggage onto the bus with the rest of the herd but they appropriately intervened since we were taking our own taxiOverall, we were very disappointed with the food , service and attitude in particular.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>dumbas
<Content>Definitely Worth the Money! Your going to read something bad about every hotel. Either someone gets sick somewhere (they could anywhere) or they're just too picky as some other reviews will agree.Our stay at the Ocean Sand Dec 11-18 was very relaxing and so different because we had never been anywhere all-inclusive before. Upon arriving, the Punta Cana airport is a breeze, and checkin at the hotel was quick. The only things we didnt think were that great: a few locals come on weekends to try and take over pool bars, the people selling things at the market on the beach are extremely pushy (just be aware if you walk up the beach), and I would suggest to everyone not to travel with Signiture Vacations. They will lie to you on the phone and then won't return e-mails.However, the things we enjoyed Far outweighed the things we didnt: almost every kind of alcohol you could want, lobby bar entertainment was good, buffets were good, and the variety was good too, a la cartes were a little better, the sports bar snacks really helped late at night, beach is beautiful and waves are fun however if you want shade on the beach you need to show up early, shows were good, we never went into the nite club, timeshare people weren't too pushy, we just kept walking by them every day, and did I mention every kind of alcohol, they'll mix them as strong as you want, their local Presidente beer is good too, and its worth while to get a couple pictures taken by one of the local photographers.Its very easy to meet people and if your having trouble just hang out at the pool bar (we did every day) We were very lucky, the people we met were great and helped make the trip so enjoyable. We had fun with people from Scotland, New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, and yes, even Timmons and Toronto.Will definitey go back to Punta Cana. Would we stay at this hotel again--yes, however we would also be willing to try another hotel too.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Lynnecity
<Content>Loved it       Our Room  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roselandgirl
<Content>Our teens "best week ever" We just returned from a week at Ocean Sand - 8 families, total 34 of us, kids ranging from 14-22. The goal was to pick a place that everyone would enjoy, kids and adults alike. With a few caveats, I would say that we more than achieved our goal. We upgraded to Junior Suite Deluxe, well worth the money because it entitles you to concierge service. Our entire group was located in the building closest to the beach, our dinner reservations were looked after by personal concierge, our rooms were much better than expected, with nice sized bathroom (2 sinks, separate shower etc). The upgrade (called Privilege), allows you a totally separate check in that was painless. We also had a private area of the beach, with upgraded chaise cushions and access to sit down dining for breakfast each morning. The facilities exceeded expectations. The main lobby has an excellent bar with entertainment every night. The kids spent every night in the disco until the wee hours of the morning - excellent DJ. They also took advantage of bowling, waterpolo, pool volleyball, and a beach volleyball tournament every afternoon (while parents cheered from the beach bar). The beach was fabulous, and while we had to be up early to secure our chaises, we looked at it as another sport.Now the caveats - if you like fine wine, bring it with you. The free stuff is undrinkable, and it can be painful trying to order off a wine list in the restaurants (if they had it in stock, it would arrive after the meal began...) Our group found the food very mediocre, but as I read the reviews you realize that some people love that kind of thing, and some don't. We worked around it most nights, and we do recommend the Dominican restaurant, and the Mexican.Finally, despite our best efforts to avoid Montezuma's revenge, an astounding number of our group (about 3/4 of us) did get it. It started two days into the trip, and seemed to hit people at different times (usually a 24 hr thing). We were prepared with all sorts of medications from our doctors at home (antibiotics included), and most managed ok. It did put a damper on things but we worked around it.Staff were so very friendly. As said in other reviews, if you are patient and speak slowly, use some sign language and keep your sense of humour, you will find the Dominican staff to be warm and friendly. We never encountered anyone that was surly or unhappy (tips don't hurt either, especially for your bartenders). If you happen to visit soon, be sure to ask the beach bar bartender for a Yellow Bird. We made up the drink while we were there, and he got used to making 20 at a time!All in all, despite a few pitfalls and tummy troubles, we had a great time, and the kids claim it was their best vacation ever - mission accomplished!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>monsheree
<Content>Fantastic Christmas at Ocean Sand!       single bed(ther are 2 in the room)  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jollybryants
<Content>Best holiday ever Quite simply FAB!!!!!!!!!!We are a family of five so all you families of five will appreciate this revue.Its very hard to find somewhere that will sleep five in one room in fact this was the only holiday that we could find that we could all be together.( as my kids are 9,11 and 13 we still need that option.)There was lots to do even though you are advised not to leave the complex. The buffet restaurant was probably the best with masses of choice .Champagne breakfasts every day was our treat. The staff are great and were filling your glass as soon as your drink was. finished.It did rain every day but not for long.Most of the other guests were from the USA OR CANADA, all very friendly .We will go back even if i have to rob a bank !!!!!!!!!!!Makaila BryantEssex England  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sjharvey11
<Content>Christmas Getaway Just returned form two weeks Xams break at the Ocean Sand Golf and Beach Resort. Location excellant right on the beach, you very rarely get bothered by traders on the beach as most hotels provide security guys on the beach to keep an eye out. Food excellant probally the best all icl we have had - waiters are very dis- interested overall - one meal we got our drinks with our dessert after asking four times for a drink, complained told by manager waiters dont speak english. You soon get to see what tables are served by the best waiters and you sit in the same area every meal. Buffet excellant - beach buffet not so good and you struggle to get a table. Use main buffett at lunchtime much better. Hotel has several themed restuarants - quality ok but they wont let you book and you have to take pot luck on the evening and put you name on a list and get called after approx 30/40 mins. One night told not taking anymore names so had to go to main buffet. Brochure says one complimentry meal in a la carter or seafood restuarant. Not true told by Rep we would have to pay $40 dollars each person to eat there. Rooms are clean and in good condition - sometimes not cleaned until very late afternoon. We had a great two weeks and thought we were well looked after - it was a great resort with a few annoying items as listed above. Didnt get hard sell by reps - but you are in the middle of nowhere so need to take taxi or coach to see sights/shops. Take plenty of US dollars as cashpoints only give paso's even though everything priced in US dollars. Xmas eve was very quiet and like a normal day/evening. New Years eve was excellant, hotel really made an effort and opened up other bars and sweet buffet. Fireworks and late disco and champayne. Well worth the holiday just for New Years eve. For SCUBA divers all diving at 12/14 meters and vis not great as sands makes it all milky. Nice dives but not very exciting.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wiki2004
<Content>Overall Disappointed We have just returned from a week at the Ocean Blue  Sand. This hotel is not 4.5 stars, i would give it 3 at the most. I've visited many Caribbean resorts and this was the worst that we stayed.Major points:Rooms are not clean and require re-painting, bed linens and towels are very old. You have to tip otherwise your room will not be cleaned or will be cleaned badly, or you will not get clean towels.Staff:This is first time that I've encountered that staff does not understand English at all, this made the communication extremely difficult. I've also found staff rude and unfriendly and completely incompetent. One day we forgot my sun glasses and my son's jacket in the main buffet area, we never got it back - staff is stealing.Beach:Beach area is nice, but it is kind of disorganized, water is wavy all the time, very difficult to swim for small kids.We will not go back.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>wicksy7
<Content>Great Value for money, proper 4* Hotel       Mike's Fantastic Coffee Shop behind you  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>SueAlHunt
<Content>Bad Hotel and everyone sick We went for my daughters wedding...Nov. 20th 2008 to Novemver 27th 2008....First off the mould was bad...I got a sinus infection....35 went down to the wedding and 29 got sick with diherra and or vomitting...not good. Mother of the bride was so sick she could not enjoy the wedding festivities. Seems the NORWALK VIRUS is at that resort....everyone be careful. It is not what it seems to written up as!BUYER BEWARE!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>CalgarySmiles
<Content>I'd return, Len We visited Dec 1 - 8. We had read the reviews and found some to be too picky. We went without expectations and were thoroughly impressed. I spend about 60 days a year in hotel rooms with my work, so seeing the type of room and cleanliness, I was impressed. True, they clean your room late afternoon, but that is not a problem because you are out and about all day. The time share folks are a bit obnoxious, but a stearn look and no solves that problem. The beach vendors can be the same but the deals you can barter make up for it. The vendors have their own shops in one area and do not bother you outside that area. We went on the Saona Island expedition, all I can say is do it. The bus ride is an adrenalin ride in itself! A whole day experience and worth every penny.The buffet is excellent and varies every day. (breakfast, back left corner of buffet has champagne and orange juice). The Italian restaurant is the best and only one I would return to. The house wine is to be avoided at all restaurants, they give it away for a reason. The D.R. does not have a dairy industry, so a glass of milk is out of the question. Mikes Coffee house has to be experienced. There can be no better coffee house on earth. Loose 10 lb. if you plan to have the deserts there every day.Our only complaint of the trip was the airline. Never, ever, will I travel with Skyservice again. Trust me, eat before boarding a Skyservice flight and bring your own water.Vladamir the bartender at the swim up bar is my amigo for life.The main tip for all travellers - read their name tags and address these hard working service people by their name, it goes a very long way. It's also the courteous thing to do. Leaving $1 tips in the morning and afternoon for the various workers is a small extra for the smile you receive.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dougs2
<Content>Brilliant Fantastic holiday... food was amazing staff were really really friendly. Never had a problem once with the language barrier. Cash machines worked everytime we wanted to use them had no problems in any way. Timeshare people weren't a problem either if you werent interested you said no and they left you alone. Rooms very spacious and clean. Cleaned everyday. A couple of roofs did fall when we were there but with the winds and rain that was there for a few days it dosen't surprise me. I am def going to travel back there next year as everything was perfect for my party and nobody had anything at all to complain about. Met relly nice people there loads of canadians, americans basically every nationality and had a ball the whole 14 nights. Will def return  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelJug
<Content>Disappointed Room wasn't clean. Coffee maker worked sporadically. Couldn't get access to the safe one night. Over the course of 1 week, two roof overhangs fell down; one in the hotel unit and the other at the gift shop next to the lobby. Communication was difficult at times due to language barrier. Timeshare sales staff were too aggressive and persistent. There was always something being shoved down your throat every time you entered the main buffet restaurant.The two bank machines onsite never worked. Had to wait almost half the day to get beach towels. Not enough beach chairs. Beach mats were dirty and torn. On the plus side, the food was good and the restaurant staff were really pleasant and hard-working. Compared to other Caribbean hotels I've stayed at, this was substandard.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>chelseahayz
<Content>not what i expected! I was disappointed with this hotel as a travel agent myself i looked into this hotel before booking and many of the reviews seemed good. The hotel itself is lovely but friends we met out there said there rooms were very damp and left there clothes horrible and smelly these rooms were both allocated on the ground floor we were on the first floor and didnt have this problem. The pool was filthy and was only cleaned once when we were there for 2 weeks. There was no drink menu's and found it difficult trying to order drinks as the bar staff were not very helpful and in a 5* hotel i did not expect to be drinking out of plastic cups in the bar of an evening. It seemed in order to get a good service you had to tip them first which i completely disagree with! this has put me and my partner off going to the dominican again as we found the staff quite rude and unhelpful.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>bradNorwich
<Content>good and bad points a great holiday was spoiled by the stealing of money from our room , be careful of the patio doors as they can be opened from the outside within 5 seconds just by banging the door the pin falls out , safety deposit box did not always work and the only code that could be entered was the default code which anyone with inside knowledge would know .pools and food was first class could not fault it , sports entertainment was good run by a very friendly member of staff Luisevening entertainment was quite poor due to the surroundings the on site theatre was being renovated as the floor had collaspedservice in the resturants / bars was very good however more communication required when the buffet was going to be shut as the beach party in our first week we could not get a table so had to eat at the mexican which was not enjoyed by the children !!a nice place would return but would be a bit more security concious with our money never expected to lose money from within the room  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>b-rocket
<Content>Ocean Sand delivers! I'm just back from the Ocean Sand Resort in Punta Cana.What a great trip! The purpose of my travel was a destination wedding so we were 40 people in total. Everyone I talked to felt that for the price of the trip we could not possibly have had a better experience.Punta Cana's beach is amazing. I ran for over half an hour in both directions without running out of sand. You can walk for hours! The sand is fine and soft, the ocean doesn't have rough surf and is shallow for a ways out...good for kids!The beach vendors don't approach you when you're lying on the beach...Mexico's polar opposite!The resort itself is medium sized. No need to take the golf carts that roam like taxis to assist the elderly or heat addled. There are 5 restaurants included in the all inclusive and 2 more that can be booked for additional costs. There's also a sports bar and a disco as well as a casino (gambling is also not all inclusive:)The 2 buffets are incredible and feature menu changes everday so they don't get old or tired.A seperate word about the Dominican people....so so friendly and helpful and nice and just incredible service. I saw no evidence of anyone working on caribbean time. I didn't get off the resort much but there's a bit of shopping around. The golf is expensive but nice.The resort is a solid 4 star experience. We walked around resorts with private concierge service, constant bar/food service on the beach, private villas and pools etc. If that's your bag, skip Ocean Sand. If, however, you want 4 star service, cleanliness, location, convenience all for what's more like a 2 star price, check out Ocean Sand!ps I booked it through my travel agent Helen Austin [----]. She beat the lowest price I could find by 300 bucks and I had done some major looking!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>happy_peeps
<Content>fantastic experience We stayed at the Ocean Sand and Golf Beach Resort from 23rd October - 3rd November and it was the best holiday ever so far!!! We travelled with first choice from Gatwick, check in went smoothley and the flight was comfortable with entertainment throughout. Punta Cana airport is lovely...you definatly feel like you have just arrived in the Caribbean, again security etc was pretty easy and straight forward.When we arrived at the hotel, people were already doubting it which we could not understand as it looked fantastic! We went through to check in as the bell boys unloaded our luggage, cocktails were served and before we knew it we had our room key! We were shown to our room...we were so excited and definatly not dissapointed! We had a huge 4 poster bed, a lovely bathroom with a jacuzzi, stand up shower, 2 sinks, bathrobes, slippers and plenty of fresh towels...almost immedietly after we arrived at our room our luggage was deliviered by the bell boys! First impressions overall were very good.As the holiday progressed the hotel maintained its high standards. We ate mainly in the buffet restaurant, there was lots of choice and the food was always being changed so was always fresh and hot and was never sat there all night! By the way the ribs here tasted lovely!!!We also tried the italian, american diner and the caribean grill. These were all fantastic and had good menus to suit all tastes. How people can say the service is bad we cannot understand...all the staff wre so friendly and helpful! Always saying HOLA, smiling and dancing! The waiters and bar staff could not do enough for you...we never had an empty glass and never had to wait long for anything even during busy times!The beach was beautiful. It was very clean with plenty of sunbeds and the ocean was gorgeous. The pool was also lovely, very clean and never too busy. We never struggled to find a sunbed and we never got out too early!!! The entertainment was brilliant. My partner can not sit still for 5 minutes, however he was always occupied whether it be football, volleyball, water polo or some other 'crazy game' there was always something for him to do. Evening entertainments was also great, the dancers were entertaining. The theatre was being done up whilst we were there so the shows were done in the lobby, this was big enough but sometimes got busy at the weekend. The dancers were very professional and were really good even when it was busy and they didnt have a lot of room. The weather was gorgeous. Really hot, we had a couple of showers and one overcast day, but the majority of the time it was very hot! The only thing we could fault if we had to is a handful of guests but no one cdan help this....the great poeple we did meet made up for the not so good anyway!!!!As our first long haul experience we had an amazing time!!! we would recommend the hotel, resort and country to anyone! We will definatlry return one day but have other places to visit first! If you do have any questions we will be happy to try and help....ENJOY....its a fantastic hotel!!!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kev48
<Content>fantastic holiday a fantastic hotel everywhere is spotlessly clean.got back in to manchester this morning to a cold foggy morning we wish we were back there.the food was good the room we had was the honeymoon suitewhich was fantastic .i cannot fault this hotel .the staff the beach and the layout.mikes coffee shop is the best in the world for coffee and cakes and route 66 for steakes.the staff are fantastic always smileing.take usd and not pasos .we will be back next year thats how much we was impressed  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SuffolkSally
<Content>Good and Bad GOOD POINTS.Great Hotel , Friendly staff no problem with communication.Premium drinks Great choice at Buffet.Big pools no problem getting a bed.Beautiful Beach.BAD POINTSRooms are a little tired.Not exactly 24 hrs .The sports bar stays open until 04.00 with a few snacks.Not all Theme restaurants open every evening at least 2 closed every night.Food not hot in the Buffet Cold food being put out (I advised the Chef that the fresh new dish of chips were cold,very helpful, he took away my plate came back in 5 minutes with hot hard burnt chips ?}One pool swim up bar closed for the 2 weeks we were there.Constant drilling as the Theater was being dug up ,hence shows were in the lobby bar, meaning there were few seats, very busy bar and this meant no where to sit and talk.Sun bed covers very grubby, beautiful sand ruined by guests to lazy to use an ash tray, and I smoke.FOOD POISONING on the 2nd day of holiday meant a miserable few days in the room cramp vomiting and diharea could not eat the food or enjoy the Alcohol for the rest of our holiday and spending nearly all my time on the toilet.despite just drinking fluids , and a 24 hour stay in the HOSPITAL. on drips anti biotics etc.Great experience.!Perhaps I was unlucky but other people suffered bad stomachs,I am a experienced traveler and have never been so ill before. The Hotel has a lot to offer but I had a miserable time, apart from the great people you meet whilst on holiday.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	5	3	2	

<Author>adeleg46
<Content>diet before you go girls a party of 7 of us stayed at the ocean beach in sept-oct 2008 age range was 15-45. dont really know where to start, guess the obvious choice was the check-in. brilliant system, you go to check-in they give you a slip which you pass to the bell-boys and they take your luggage to your room while you go and explore. first impressions (10:00pm at night after a 5 hr delay and a 9 hr flight)- yeah looks okay!what an understatement the place was bloody lovely! One of the nicest all-inclusive resorts we have have stayed in and we have stayed in quite a few. The hotel grounds are well cared for and a pleasure to walk around. the beach was fantastic clean white sand and clear blue water, staff at the beach buffet were pleasant enough and hovering, waiting to get you drinks etc. bar staff at the beach buffet a little ignorant but didnt let it bother us, the staff at the actual beach bar were great, but be warned when they ask you if you want alcohol in your drink - if you say yes then thats what you get, alcohol and plenty of it but who cares when all you got to do is lie on the beach and doze it off.for the first few days our 15 yr old son was a litle bored (he was the only minor in our party and we did travel out of the school holiday time) but he met 4 girls 3 days in and that was that, we didnt see much of him for the rest of the holiday!!!!!! The food was good, if a little repetative but you expect that when your there for 2 weeks. Didnt eat anything that made me want to ask for the recipe but didnt eat anything repulsive either. Mike's coffee shop, what can i say, this is the jewel in the ocean sands crown, we loved it and thats the reason you girls need to diet before you go!!!!! Any coffee you want with cakes to die for and as many as you want for as long as you want, we headed up there after a day on the beach most days and on numerous occassions we were still there at 7-8pm. the staff in there were really pleasant (in fact one of the men in our party fell head over heels for one of the girls - to her embarrassment) and to his wifes amusement!!!every holiday has a negative and yes we had a couple of minor gripes, the restaurants were rather hard to get into unless you were ready to dine at 6.30pm (come on, we were on holiday) and most of them shut at 10pm. but the main buffet was good and plenty of variety. the pool areas are rather large and i prefer a more intimate scene (like to be able to look up from my book and spot my child) couldnt do that here as the pools were so big but i knew that before i came and if im honest the beach was so lovely i prefered that anyway especially as there was more of a breeze. All in all we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and would be happy to reccomend it to anybody who wants to have a relaxed holiday with decent food. drink-a-plenty in pleasant surroundings. But unless you want to put 11lb on in 2 weeks stay away from Mikes coffe shop dont say you havnt been warned!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>coold
<Content>"Second time here and counting.." Just a few days back from another enjoyable stay at the Ocean Sand Golf and Beach Resort..(Oct. 4 to 11/08)..and once again, we had a great time.No problems with any of the staff..the food was good..the drinks were good..the room was good..the beach was..Wonderful.It was nice to see that they had moved the people trying to sell the timeshares, out of the entrance to the Buffet..and down to their own little area off to the side of the hotel's beach, beside the fleamarket.(I know they have to make a living, too..but if I want to buy a timeshare, at least I'll know where to find them..;)Also..if you do go to the fleamarket, don't offer to pay any more than at least Half of the first price the vendors give you..(they like to aim the price really high the first time, so don't be reaching for your wallet right away..ok?..have fun, they'll make all sorts of corny sounding claims to get your business, so if their final price doesn't appeal to you..just politely thank them and walk on to the next place)Courtesy goes a long way here..and both Politeness and Respect will probably earn You the same treatment,too. Please try to smile and also say a few words in Spanish to the Dominican people you will meet on your vacation...It's their country..they are not our own personal slaves..and their sense of time and urgency is not the same as ours..(which doesn't really seem to get US anywhere any quicker either, does it..:)Actually, as far as finding anyone there being rude or pushy, 99.9% of the time it was the tourists at the resort...(some people just don't know how to behave in public,it seems...so you can't really hold it against the resort, hmm?)Anyway, we hope to keep coming back to this resort in future,so that should tell you something if you're still trying to make up your mind about where to stay in Punta Cana..  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>nickj3
<Content>good overall, but some not so good points We stayed from 26th Sep to 10th October.Flew from Manchester with First Choice, arrived late, but the reception was quick and easy with no language barriers.We were allocated a room in block 7 a short walk from reception, but on arrival we found that it smelt badly of damp, so we returned to reception and requested a change, which was done with no real trouble. The new room was ok, again it smelt a bit musty but we soon got used to it. The fixtures and fittings in the bathroom were a bit tired, and there were things hanging off the wall, but it is possible to ignore these things and just get on with the holiday.The room was cleaned every day, although sometimes not till late, so if you needed to get out of the afternoon heat you had to find somewhere else to go. That said the rooms were cleaned to a very good standard, and the hotel itself was kept very clean and tidy, with constant maintenance visible everywhere. The yellow pool was drained when we arrived, with staff replacing tiles, so there was only 1 available, however as the hotel was no-where near full there was little inconvinience, they re-filled it on 2nd of Oct, so the blue pool went back to being quiet during the week. At the weekends quite a few locals come to the hotel, they can be quite loud so be prepared.The food in the buffet was of a very good standard, well prepared and presented with lots of variety. We were dissapointed with the themed resteraunts, as the quality of the food was not very good, with a common theme being everything served with smash  carrots, be it the american, the italian or the dominican.....it seems that they all use the same kitchens. We opted to use the buffet every night. Breakfast and lunch both very good as well.Beach nice, well maintained, the sea was quite choppy, with a net a few yards out to stop swimmers getting in the way of the various speed boats etc. This does restrict swimmers  snorkling though, so we spent most of our time round the pool. There are dogs on the beach, however they are very friendly and when given food are very gentle and are very skinny so we gave food and water to them when ever we could.The staff were very pleasant, we found no language problems at all, although they never appeared to be in a rush to do anything...The only thing that really spoilt the stay were some of the fellow tourists, so this has no bearing on the quality of the hotel at all. There were several groups of loud people (of many nationalities) that seemed to want to take over their own spot and compete in volume, be it by the pool or the bar, or at 2 in the morning outside the rooms. But this will happen where ever you go, so therefore does not affect the rating of the place.This resort is very family based, if you are looking for a quiet couples get away, perhaps look elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>yummymummy1978
<Content>Miss it sooo much! I know everyone that travells has different experiences, BUT my experience at ocean sands was awesome, from the beach to the food, to the staff, it was al and all a great experience, I have never travelled anywhere before, And Im stuck on not trying anywhere else..How ever not everything can be perfect, there was one issue, and that was cockroaches in the room, they were really big, My boyfriend killed the 2 that we did see, But its not a big problem alls you do is call front desk and they will take care of it for you, we didnt tell front desk at all, we just kinds dealt with it in hopes of not bringing one home..lol, but it was a great time, good food, the buffet was awesome till the last 2 days, then it got boaring, but the a la carte restaurants were good, route 66 has a great steak...I would totally recommend it 100 %..  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>missmuimui
<Content>Loved Ocean Sand/Blue .... Best Ever!!!!! I stayed at the Ocean Sand from the 14th to the 28th of September 2008. Flights were with Thomsonfly, on time, loads of legroom etc the best way to travel longhaul. Punta Cana airport is really nice. Be warned though you do get you photo taken after you get off the flight so freshen up!!!The weather was fantastic, we did have 3 days of rain due to a tropical depression however it didn't spoil our holiday other than that the weather was FANTASTIC!! I stayed at the hotel during the Presidente Rave. This was a one off event in the hotel ran by Presidente (the local beer) hosted in the pool and beach areas. This only added to our holiday, it was fantastic!We were in Villa 10, overlooking the pool. These rooms are really lovely. Huge beds, beautiful bathroom, balcony. Cleaned every day. We tipped the maid a few dollars every day however this is not necessary. The minibar is restocked daily with water, pepsi, 7up. Previous reviews mentioned tiles missing in the pool. You'll be pleased to hear they have all be replaced!! They did this while we were there! Pool areas are great, always clean. The beach and sea are really beautiful.Food in the hotel is great. We only went once to the a la carte restaurants. They were good but we were happy with the buffet. Loads of choice and food is made fresh. Entertainment is great, they have live shows, music every night with the occassional karaoke. All the entertainment team are really friendly and great fun.We loved the lobby bar, disco and sportsbar. All the staff are fantastic, you can't get better service anywhere else. We will definitley be returning next year. We met some fantastic people there. Don't listen to the negative reviews, go and make up your own mind.. (p.s you'll love it!!!!!!!)  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BalvennieBob
<Content>The Prisoner Couple aged 53 and 44 respectively, normally holiday in the Greek islands.Do not be put off by negative reviews, the Hotel and resort were clean and friendly, the staff were friendly, the pools massive and the beach beautiful. the food was first class in all of the restraunts on site (this depends on your taste of course) and we found we could eat or drink at any time of day or night.It is family friendly although like most hotels the entertainment in the evening coud be better.Downside ? Restricted to base really, although there were ample trips to go on we missed the opportunity to be able to walk down the road, stop in at a local shop, bar or restraunt and mix with locals and other holidaymakers who were not in the same complex.If you enjoy all inclusive resorts and are happy to spend most of your time in the complex then this is definately a good choice.There is also a doctor on site whom we had ocassion to visit and were impressed by the standards.All in all the resort was excellent and it is us who chose the wrong type of holiday although having said that we were not downhearted as the weather was magnificent.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>home_body04
<Content>We Love This Place! We stayed at the Ocean Sand Golf  Beach Resort March 10 to 17 for our 10th wedding anniversary. We cannot say enough about the resort - the grounds and beach are incredibly well maintained and very clean, the rooms are very nice, services and activities plentiful and the staff were AMAZING! Everyone reading this must remember that 5 star resorts in the Dominican are not the same as in Canada and the US, but still this is one of the best properties in Punta Cana (commonly referred to as Punta Canada as there were so many Canadian touists) The rooms are simple, but very clean and we recommend that you tip the room attendants a bit every day and it will ensure you have top notch service.Overall the food was very good. You must remember that you are in a different country, so stick to food you are familiar with until your body adjusts. If you don't do well with heat, then that will affect how your tummy processes the food. THE STAFF ARE AWESOME!! They really made our trip and we have been in touch via email with a number of them since our return. If you try to learn a little Spanish and treat them with the respect and courtesy they deserve (and tip them) you will find out that they are some of the kindest  friendly people in the world!We highly recommend this property to anyone considering going to Punta Cana - we went on some excursions and spoke to others staying in some of the 4 star resorts that did not seem very happy with their choice. Too bad, cause we had a great time!We are booking our next trip there for December!! We can't wait!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joseyjump
<Content>Ocean Sand is Fab! This was our first experience of the Dominican Republic and we werent disappointed. Check in was really fast and efficient, we thought we may struggle with the language (previous reviews said staff spoke very little english) but managed ok. Most of the staff were really friendly and always smiling,most didnt expect a tip but we did tip anyway. Jose in the sports bar was our best, always friendly and we were sad to say goodbye, our glasses were never empty. A few cons to the trip were, we went to the Mexican Restaurant which was lovely, however a couple of nights later when we were about to return again my husband went to the toilet in sports bar and a mexican waiter came in, used the urinal and DIDNT wash his hands, just wiped them on his shirt. We didnt return after that. Tropical storm Fay hit while we were there but didnt bother us as there was plently to still do, Bowling , Pool, Grease Show, etc. We did the Carnival Festival trip which was brilliant, a chance of a lifetime! swimming with sting rays and sharks and in coral reef, our guide was Cappacino, he and his staff were great, they really got you in the party mood, singing and dancing. however make sure you take some spending money because they sell a DVD of the experience on the boat ($35) which is well worth the money and memories. We would definately return to the Dom Rep in a couple of years time but maybe stay in the north of the Island as the ocean is a little cooler and there are more excertions to do. however i would definately recommend this resort to anyone wanting to experience the caribbean for the first time. please see attached photos..  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Cricketgirl
<Content>awful, awful place Room: Fan hanging on by a thread, what looked like excrement on the walls, dated furniture, paint all over the balcony, the sheets didn't feel clean, but worst of all was the smell in the room damp, musty  nauseating plus the sunbeds by the pool were so filthy I wouldn't have let my dog sleep on one...we stayed 24 hours and we couldn't stay a minute longer. The front desk staff were the rudest we have ever encountered, they could not have cared less - the resort had ZERO atmosphere, what a terrible place....! Do not put your family through this - pay the extra and stay at Gran Bahia Principe or Iberostar or if you're a couple go to Excellence Punta Cana like we did in the end, worth every last penny extra. We managed to save our holiday by moving, if you have booked or are considering booking here do yourself a favour and get moved while you can (whatever it costs it will be worth it) - The property is not new - we checked with the rep and it's 4 years old and showing every little crack in the rooms. PS: Ocean Sand and Blue are just one big property - they are not two separate hotels, they all share the same facilities. I would rather have gone home than stay at Ocean Sands and I have never felt that way before.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>joshy1
<Content>Fantastic wedding and holiday !!       Our amazing wedding  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>kjlrv
<Content>Ocean Sand was great! We stayed at the Ocean Sand from Aug. 11 to 18. Arrived late on the 11th and were given a room in Villa 10 (Elite room) - very nice with a whirlpool tub, glassed-in shower and double sinks, two queen-sized beds and a room facing the ocean. Rooms were kept immaculate whether we tipped or not. Try to stay in Villas #3,4, 8 or 7 to be in the middle of everything if you want to do less walking.The grounds are beautiful and the missing tiles in the pool didn't bother us a bit. The main plaza with its assortment of restaurants and my favourite, Mike's Cafe, were fun to visit. We didn't like the mexican restaurant much but the 50's diner was fun with great ribs. The buffet changed enough that it was always interesting and the DESSERTS! Try the chocolate crepes if you like chocolate, and the almond cookies and chocolate chip and nut cookies were great. The time share people will tell you they're not a time-share, but they are. We got a free lobster dinner by the ocean (very romantic and unique but the lobster was over-cooked we thought) and our friends got a free massage for the two hour presentation that we sat through. The closer wasn't too happy with us and put pressure on us to buy into their plan, but otherwise it was an interesting plan. But, they do lie and say it isn't what it is.The ocean and beach were wonderful but you had to lie your towels out early to get a place. We were usually back down at the beach early but many people didn't arrive until the mid-to-late afternoon. The beach-side buffet is excellent.The whole complex is very big and you have to do a lot of walking or wait for the trolley. We enjoyed the exercise and being closer to the beach and away from the noise. The little market next to the hotel on the beach is wonderful and you can usually barter their prices down a lot. We wasted money and time going to Palma Real mall (very high-end and expensive) and to the market in Bavaro. The prices were better at the market on the beach and they had the same stuff. They are very pushy at times but if you make it clear that you don't want them to be, they're pretty good.The Casino was fun - one fellow won $31,000.00 playing Black Jack while I was there one night.Some of the staff were very friendly while others just seemed to be there to do their jobs.We only caught three shows. Grease was good but the other two had a lot of lip-syncing and seemed a lot alike.We would definitely go back. Hello to our British friends (Carla, Gareth and Poppy) and our LA friends (Sherry, Ron and Lolly).Kathryn  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>anthonyntinaj
<Content>Great hotel!!!!!!!!!! First I will start off with saying that this is a huge hotel. So be ready to walk. I went with my husband and 3 boys which are 17 yrs, 3 yrs and 2 yrs old. Now I will start with the cons which there was only one. Now if you happen to arrive at the hotel prior to 3pm you have to wait until 3pm, I was completely ready for that. So at 3pm I went to check in and they said the room was not cleaned yet so give them another 30 minutes. which was fine until 30 minutes was turning into 1hr 30 min. and our room was still not cleaned. So I asked them if there was another room that was ready and of course there was. I was only a little irratated that they didn't offer the clean room first. We were very tired since we had been up since 2am. to catch the flight on time. So now with the pros. The hotel was beautiful. It was the largest hotel I have ever been to. We were to be in villa 3 but instead we were in villa 4 there is not difference in which villa you stay in because you will have to walk to were ever you go. So if you want the resturants you walk one way to the beach you walk in the opposite way. I can say that you will get plenty of exercise during your vacation. They have a euro jumper which the boys loved and it was $7 to jump for about 10 minutes. My teenager and I did the parasailing which was about $85 and we were able to sail for 10 minutes as well. If you want pictures of you on the parasailing then you should take your water camera because nobody takes pictures of you there. The tours we took were the carribbean festival and the day tour to Santo Domingo. We learned alot of history in the capital which was very interesting. The festival tour was a blast we swam with the sting rays(the stingers were taken out) and nurse sharks. They take pictures of you with the sting rays for $10 a picture. But it was well worth it. Oh when you are in punta cana going from the airport to the hotel it is not a pretty sight but don't get discouraged because once you get to the hotel it is all worth it. If there is anything else you would like to know just ask me and I will answer you. Have a fun and safe trip.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>okintheusa
<Content>not bad I LL be short and two the point.The trip there we got stuck in the airport and had to sleep in the airport ok not the resorts problem.Once we got to the front desk ,well not very helpful,my grandmother moves faster .The rooms are nice alot of room (we had 4 people 2 kids 2 adults) .Tip the maid first day she will love you.Get your room near the pool or you will walk alot .At the pool it is beautiful .If you want good ,not great service you must tip the bartender.The beach is beautiful no waves .Food at the buffit ,breakfast is great,lunch is good, dinner the same. Dinner you have a Mexican place it was very good. If you like to drink you must bring a thermal cup something big the cups there are very small.Also drinking the beer it was coid the mix drinks are not very good .The soda is flat the juices taste funny.We had kids with us from 5 to17 yrs old .The 17 yr old ok at night the11 12 13yrs olds were board at night.They have a teen club,very small no A C .The kids spent most of the time walking around.I known i am all over the place with my review sorry.If you do go you must go on the boat snorkling you get to swim with sharks yes sharks! That was cool $78 a adult kids under 12 free.if you have a kid 13 14 or looks 12 tell them he or she is 12 they don t check save some money.So in closing the good THE POOL THE BEACH THE ROOM THE BAD THE SEVICE THE DRINKS THE NIGHT LIFE  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	2	1	1	4	

<Author>kookiedoughx3
<Content>Great with merely 2 problems It's a great place to get a lot of sun. The pool was a bit dirty and there were no taxis during late evening or night. The buffet is ok. I advise you to try the other types of food as well. There is a great place for drinks (peach ice tea, frappaccino e.t.c.). The seats for the beach are filled up very soon so go put your stuff there in the morning or you will be sitting on the sand. The mini-mart there is expensive and not worth it. DO NOT buy sun tan lotion there. Floaties are great for the pool (do not buy that there either though you can). The shows aren't that great. A little boring. But i found it a pretty good place. The rooms were clean. There are misquito's there.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>gocuba
<Content>Fantastic Ocean Sands Stayed here 31st July - 14th August 08. Large group of 22 ages ranging from 15 - 52.We had a fantastic time at Ocean Sands. We set up base camp 1 at the blue pool and loved the cushions on the beds. The blue pool is the quiet pool and is very relaxing. Never had a problem getting beds or umbrellas, although there was a shortage of umbrella pins (which keep umbrella up). There were a few occasions when we put the umbrella up went for a walk for 10-15 mins came back and the pin was gone.Also on certain days the pool did look a bit grubby. We did see someone cleaning it on different days, but the edge of the pool where you enter there was always a dark tide mark.Room was fine, we were in block 8. Maid was excellent our room was cleaned every day and fresh drinks left in our fridge. Other people in our party did not tip and complained that only their bed was made. We always leave a few dollars tip each day in case the maid who cleaned our room is off on the last day. Beds lovely. Loved the jacuzzi bath, it took 20 mins to fill it!!! AC was great although my husband swears he chased a polar bear out from our room!!! I like it nice and cold!We met Julie62 from this forum in the sea. I couldnt believe it. She was there with her lovely family and we had a great chat while relaxing in the waves.The beach is unbelievable. gorgeous soft white sand, beautiful blue sea. Photos do not do it justice it really is that beautiful. Enjoyed haggling with the beach vendors who were all very friendly.I loved the food. We didnt get to eat in the Italian. My only gripe would be to change the a la carte to bookings only. Every time we went to one there was always a 1-2 hour wait. Towards the end of the holiday we decided to wait and only waited 20-30 mins so not sure if the wait time is accurate.I guess its hard for them to judge and they probably want to err on the side of caution. Route 66 was our favourite. The mozarella sticks and steak were my fav. Mexican was revolting we went to the buffet afterwards. Caribbean grill and domenican both good.I loved the buffet plenty of choice. The oriental corner was my favourite. My only complaint is that it is very hard to get a drink in the buffet or get a table set up. We always ate in group of 7 or 9 so we needed a big table. We often set it up ourselves. The waiters would bring 2 glasses of water and we would spend the next 20 mins trying to get more. In the end we got our own drinks from the bar on our way in. This is a minor complaint and this was our 3rd visit to the Caribbean and had never had this problem before. We found either the waiters were very good or very bad.The teenagers in our group had the best holiday ever. We felt very safe letting them go off and explore. They were so busy they never even did the bowling nor did we!!The sports bar was our favourite drinking hole. The karoke night was the best. The staff were excellent always happy and drinks non stop.We did two trips via First Choice. The outback safari which was good we had a great day.Do not do the speed boat trip it is a waste of money. There was a lot of time spent changing boats, mooring up etc. We actually spent 10 minutes driving each way from a trip that left the hotel at 13.45 and got back at 19.00. Then we had to wait for german tourists to finish their shopping before the coach could leave. Very frustrating. Do not waste your money or even more importantly your holiday time on this trip. The 20 mins driving the boats was awesome, but the waiting around was painful.Overall we had a great time here. Very relaxing met some great people Any complaints are very minor and I would recommend anyone to go here. If you have any problems go to your tour rep. The front desk staff are rubbish. We had one day when our key did not work. We spent 3 hours in our swimsuits running back and forward to reception trying to get into our room. Eventually, after my husband finally lost it in reception, they sent maintenance. They could not get in with their master key so they went to the room next door climbed over the balcony, knocked the pin out the patio door and got in that way. The reception staff are all a waste of time, they do nothing to help you. Luckily this was our only contact with them.Flights with First Choice were excellent as always.Feel free to contact me with any questions.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	1	2	3	

<Author>Tiger8MiddleEngland
<Content>Brilliant Stayed here from 31 July to 14 August 2008  couldn't have had a better time anywhere. This was my second visit to DR  I wasn't disappointed.Flight with First Choice was good even though we where slightly delayed, only problem was they where quite late bringing the first lot of food round - bearing in mind that we had been up since 3.a.m  had nothing to eat. The food areas at North Terminal leave a lot to be desired  as it was relatively early most of the shops hadn't stocked up on food items. If I had known about the food choices at North I would have gone back down to South at least theres a McDonalds there for the kids!Arrived at Punta Cana same time as about 4 other planes but nevertheless it didn't take long to get through immigration collect bags  be on our coach.Check in at Ocean Sands was very organised - everyone ushered through to what appeared to be a conference room where we where given our room details  fitted with wrist bands.Off to our rooms  5 minutes later luggage arrived. One problem - safety deposit box had been left closed by previous occupants - phone call down to reception  within 10 minutes maintenance  security men arrived  proceeded to open the safe. Couldn't have asked for speedier service.Rooms are very big, but unfortunately where rather bare (no pictures on the walls)  also a little tired looking. Bathroom too was huge but some maintenance required here - several of the fittings where coming away form the walls  toilet flush handle had been broken  glued together. But hey we weren't here to spend our 2 weeks in the room. The air con unit was very noisy  turned it off the 1st night only then to have the noise of the fridge in the background. We then spent the rest of the 2 weeks going to sleep with earplugs in - couldn't do without the air con. The general appearance of the hotel is well presented - all the restaurants  entertainment away from the bedrooms. All of the public areas where extremely clean  well looked after.We ate in all of the restaurants apart from the ones which you have to pay. Our favourite was the Mexican - food  service brilliant. Route 66 food  service appalling - don't bother with this one!Buffet had a large choice but if you ate here every night I am sure it would be rather repetetive. The beach restaurant was great at lunch - able to get pizza, chicken chips etc  take these back to the sunbed on the beach to eat. Deserts served here where also good but you had to be there early when it opened as the best quickly went  where not replaced - lovely chocolate gateuax.At night this restaurant was also very good  we ate here 3 times. Never seemed to be very busy - probably because it wasn't in the main section  also I think that some people thought it was the restaurant on the beach which you had to pay extra for. Witnessed several weddings during our stay  this was where they had there receptions.Mikes - excellent - drinks  cakes. Sometimes took a take away Latte back to the room at night.The beach went on for miles  was beautiful white sand. Would often get up  walk for between 1-2 hours every morning at 7ish. The seaweed would always be raked away by the hotel cleaners along the way.Spent most of our days at the beach - the pool tended to be too hot  on the beach 4 people where able to get shade unlike at the pool only 2 under an umberella. Believe me you will need shade between 12  2 - very hot.The sea was lovely  warm, clean  clear.One evening my son got up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom only to find a puddle of water on the floor - air con unit was leaking Phone call to reception  someone was there within 15 minutes  had it fixed. Can't understand the previous reviews I read where people said they where waiting ages for things to be repaired. All in all we had a wonderful time. Hope to go back again to DR - its the only place I have wanted to return to  hopefully will be back again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BUGALUG
<Content>Fantastic!       Teen Club Rules  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>toady
<Content>Superb Ocean sands resort, great value for money!!       beautiful beach  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>divvytrippyhippy
<Content>wonderful holiday       view onto the beach  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>PAC2207
<Content>Great Holiday HiJust to let you know this is a great place, and do not understand the bad reveiws.Negatives would be 1/ rooms needs some TLC, 2nd week staff were slower servingHowever the + side is greatPoolBeachStaffHotel rep was great (First Choice)Eating places24/7 bar - can create some early morning noise when people wander back to rooms..Tour - Jungle and Sauna Island was fantastic.Weather - it rained 3 or 4 times, early am , last thing at nightTherefore, please go and check it out and you disappointed based on quality vs value for money. I would recommend this as a great family holiday.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Traveller20608
<Content>Great Holiday We had a great time. And do not understand why some have given it a poor review. Only negative things was room we had needed updating/bit of maintenance, and some of the staff could be slow serving in 2nd week (however its the caribbean). However these are small pointsBig good points wereComplex was greatMike Coffee Ship was fantasticStaff were very niceTrips out were great (Jungle and Soana Island)Weather - wow fantasticBeach and pool was fantasticFood - there was a big variety, buffet change quite a bit and there was several places to eat.Maybe not go back next year as there are lots of places to see, but would consider going back in a few years (once the roads to the hotel are improved - if you go you will know what i mean).To summarise, a great holidayPaul  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>donkareoke
<Content>paradise       pool  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mmz67
<Content>Wonderful hotel, nice people We went there (my wife and my 2 children) mid April this year for 2 weeks and we had a great time. The staff was really nice and the hotel is correctly maintained. The tour operator told us that in case of any problem in your room, you have to request a room change the first day. After that it seems that they do nothing. Concerning the food, we had lunch mainly at the beach buffet and in the main buffet at night. We tried the mexican and the italian and it's not worth it.Next year we will maybe go back to Dominican republic but to the caribbean coast to be closer to Santo Domingo. But If I go back to punta cana, I would certainly stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bubbaloulou
<Content>Fabulous Hotel, wonderfull holiday .................       Punta Cana Airport  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>20somethingDublin
<Content>Great Vacation Stayed in the Ocean Sand/Blue resort in early June 08. Over all a great experience. Food was good, having several restaurants to choose from was good as you can get a little sick of the buffet, although some of the food was quite similar between restaurants (Caribbean Grill at the beech was our favourite).Rooms were clean and modern, mini-bar was restocked every day but only the soft-drinks, the two beers that were there on arrival were only replaced once. All of the buildings had either fountains or a garden in the courtyard. For those who complain of the transport around the resort being poor, the place is about a 1km long in total, hardly a marathon to get to dinner. Noise was a bit of a problem but i think we were in a younger block than most.Beech was beautiful, probably the nicer than most of the neighbouring resorts, although watch out for the barman at the beech bar, if he offers you some sort of shot with a big smile on his face, safest thing is to say no! After two of them i spent the rest of the afternoon sleeping it off! There was one or two dogs on the beech some days, but nothing like the packs referred to in some of the other reviews and they generally stayed away (unless you were crazy enough to call them over).Some water sports were included but they were managed by a different company down at the beech who did their best to be as rude as possible to guests, but the sailing and snorkeling were still fun.We stayed clear of the pools after the first day, mostly because it was cooler on the beech but also because the combination of kids and drunks can make it pretty noisy.Entertainment was mixed, the shows were pretty hammy but families seemed to enjoy them. Night club had all ages in it on the only night we ventured in and the lobby bar is always pretty lively but if you don't speak Spanish you can feel a little isolated.Essentially if you're looking for a relaxing break to sit out by a beautiful beech and have a meal and a few drinks in the evening then this place is perfect. Although definitely not a 5 star, its probably around 4 star standard. I'd imagine it's good for families too as there were lots of kids around. For older couples it may be a bit noisy though, but what else can you expect when there's free alcohol to be had 24/7?  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>kelleys8
<Content>We had a great time! We stayed at the Ocean Blue from June 5-12. I, like most, was a little worried after reading some not so pleasant reviews.The transfer to the hotel took approximately 40 minutes. We stopped at one other hotel before arriving at Ocean Blue. The check in time for my in-laws was 10 minutes, however they told us to go to the other side of the lobby for check-in which was the elite club. Long story short we had not paid for elite club and we admitted to that (they had messed our reservation up), so it was straightened out but took about 30 minutes. We stayed in villa 10 which was the closest to the beach and pool. Our room was nice, clean. The housekeeper sometimes did not make it to our room until 3 or 4 and that was family nap time so we skipped out on cleaning a couple of days! When she did make it, she kept the fridge stocked. We had a hard time getting and keeping washclothes for some reason. We got the same service if we left a couple of dollars or not! We had a lizard in our room almost everyday but that was entertainment for my husband and son to catch and release. Bugs... we never seen any in our room, of course they were outside. It is the caribbean!The food was good, no one went hungry and I consider myself and my son incredibly picky eaters! We ate the indoor buffett everyday for breakfast and about half the time for lunch. We never ate at the buffet for dinner.The kids enjoyed the bowling alley although they played only two games they loved the ping pong and pool tables. They stayed out later than my husband and I most of the time. It was sometimes difficult to communicate with the employees especially the housekeepers, but you muddle through it.We went on the outback safari which was a fun trip. Drink lots of rum and diet coke. Our guide and driver were great! Our children swam with the dolphins, it was a 30 minute bus ride and a 5 minute boat ride. I had previously swam with the dolphins in Jamaica and they definetely had a better experience. They played basketball and volleyball with the locals while waiting for our bus to take us back to the hotel.The pool water was clear although it looked like it could use a good scrubbing, but if it was closed for cleaning one would be pist off and if it is dirty you were still pist off. The smaller pool was closed for a day for cleaning.There was a trolley, but we NEVER used it. My in-laws did. It was essentially no more than a 10 minute walk to go anywhere, so why not just walk! We did see it often however.The bartenders would give cuervo in your margaritas upon request or any other american liquor. Our 13 year old daughter did get served (by accident) one time. She did have a kiddie bracelet on and I pointed that out to the bartender. He apologized. To his defense she does not look 13.There are wild dogs but we walked along the beach where they were and they never came near us. They were never near the resort beach chairs. They hang out there because tourists were always feeding them. Duh!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>vonnie1
<Content>Brilliant holiday! Myself and my daughter stayed at the Ocean Blue/Sands resort from the the 9th May until the 23rd May. Arriving at the resort after a 9 hour flight was a relief because I was shattered and wanted to relax in my room. Check in went ok although the room wasn't ready for two hours (there was a conference being held in the hotel...) Initially I was a bit annoyed but sitting at the bar and chatting to people I was soon beginning to enjoy myself.Villa 8 was where are room was and was very impressed to see how nice the room was - I knew from that stage my 2 week holiday was going to be exciting. After a couple of hours in the room I decided to go and have a look around the resort and stumbled across Mike's coffee shop which was brilliant and even had a chat with the workers there which was nice. I decided that I wanted to go to bed around 11pm and I awoke the next day refreshed ready to embark on an exciting day ahead.Two days into my stay I decided to go for a wander along the beach which was absolutely beautiful and on my way back I went to the bar for a drink. As I was stood at the bar a guy said hello, where you from? I replied Manchester UK and immediately he said are you vonnie?... It was Makenna - bless him and what a pleasure it was to meet him, mrs Makenna and there lovely 2 daughters.We all decided to 'hook up' for dinner which we decided on the Dominican resturant and had a very nice evening.I really enjoyed the company of the animation team and the entertainment was good (I am bias because i'm a music teacher but I thought Casablanca was fab).The disco was good although some nights the loud music did my head in - maybe that's a sign of me getting old. I met some nice people in there and some very interesting ones...The little train was a God send especially after me having a couple of drinks and not wanting to walk back to my room.I met daddyslilgirl in the overtime bar and we got on well from the offset, both bobbie and her hubby are lovely people and also a pleasure to meet.The food, and service in all the eating establishments was brilliant. My daughter seemed to acquire a taste for champagne in the morning although I strictly limited her to half a glass :)There are so many things I loved about the Ocean Blue that I cannot write everything down but my overall experience at this resort was wonderful and I would highly recommend it to my family and friends.Yvonne  Keely Manchester UK  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ALeeBlondie
<Content>Beyond disappointing! I went to Ocean Blue as a bride鈥檚 maid in a wedding. This was the 1st and very last time I will visit this resort. The trolleys that are supposed to take you around the resort do not run frequently and stop prior to the bars and clubs closing. The food was terrible, dry and tasteless. We even tried one of the restaurants that you had to pay extra for and it was the same as another restaurant which was all inclusive. I asked for towels to be sent to my room. They never came! The entertainment was boring and limited. The disco played the same music every night. I don't even know why they hired a DJ to play Britney Spears, YMCA and Reggae tone over and over. The next day I went on the banana boat and the driver was so obnoxious I thought he was trying to hurt us..We flipped 10 times and 3 of us got hurt. We told him to go slow because of the children but he just laughed at us. The worst part was the fact that we had to work around the wedding planner鈥檚 schedule. We originally were set to have the rehearsal at 9 am Sat morning. Come Friday night she calls the bride to say that she is tired from the wedding the night before and isn鈥檛 coming till 2pm. Since when do we resolve around her schedule. The only thing I can say that DR is beautiful and the beaches are exquisite. If you are looking for good food, great entertainment and service..Do NOT stay here!!!!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Admiral_Kolchak
<Content>Hotel is not safe for kids The hotel is located in the nice place, but there are main problems:1. There are many wild dogs are on the beach. They run into hotel property barking, releasing parasites, and spreading feces. They endanger kids and actually everybody on the beach. I tried to draw attention of the management and people in charge of security on the beach but nobody cares. The staff鈥檚 responsibility for keeping people safe was ignorant. The dogs also licked out of people鈥檚 cups at the beach when they were in the water or elsewhere. 2. When we arrived there at night, a train-bus was supposed to take us and many newcomers to their rooms. Unfortunately for newcomers there is only 1 small train-bus which is always full of people especially at night time. The lobby staff is ignorant and suggested for me and many other newcomers to wait. We waited for an hour and after tough talk with the supervisor, we finally got to our room.3. Entertainment was flat, nothing bad and nothing good; I would say it is much disorganized and not interesting. It depends how much alcohol you consume during the entertainment. 4. Compared to other hotels that my family and I have previously stayed in the area, (Bahia Principe, Sirenis) I would give this hotel a maximum of 3 and a half.The food in the hotel is satisfactory. The gardening is very well done. The pool was closed during some of the time that I had stayed in the hotel.The internet rental fee is expensive.The Mike鈥檚 coffee shop is very good.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	4	1	4	1	

<Author>Julia21
<Content>This Resort is Fantastic!       Beef Filet from the Italian A La Carte!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>Yomel414
<Content>Accommodation Misrepresentation Two girlfriends and I recently stayed at the Ocean Sand Resort in Punta Cana, Dominician Republic. Unfortunately, I had forgotten about Trip Advisor when researching my choice of hotel. The website indicated that the junior suite included two queen beds or one king. Being three persons, we opted for the two queens. When our confirmation from our travel agent was emailed, it indicated two double beds - which I requiested be changed to two queens to avoid complications on our arrival. It still turned out to be two double beds which were extremely uncomfortable due to sagging mattresses, resulting in improperly fitted sheets and the feeling of sleeping in unmade beds. The reception staff who were unfriendly promised a change of suite the following day, which never materialized, then promised two days later, which also did not materialize. We were further advised that they only have double and king beds in their suites - a clear case of MISREPRESENTATION. It was only after requesting to speak to a Manager that we were shown another room - which also contained more sagging double beds. The towels were dingy and were extremely rough to the touch - certainly not what one would expect from a 5 star hotel. The room also had an odour of smoke - drapery had seen long gone better days and were not affixed properly on the tracks.Unacceptable sleeping accommodations aside, for the most part, the resort staff (except at Reception) were very friendly and the resort's appearance was lovely and well maintained. Being in the Caribbean, my friends and I expected more variety in cuisine - there was a lot of repetition in the daily buffet menus.Would I visit this Resort again? Probably not unless I was guaranteed that they had upgraded their sleeping accommodations.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>lizab30
<Content>Our Amazing Honeymoon at Ocean Sands       ELite Club Bedroom  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>azrael_dac
<Content>Thinking of a Honeymoon or Special Trip, Think Again! This trip was without a doubt an absolute disaster and we will never ever darken the doors of this establishment again.We were booked to stay from the 24th April Until the 9th May but actually had to ask our rep to fly us home a week early.the food is disgusting unless you like all your food deep fried and swimming in grease. The only place to eat that didnt make us sick was the Beach Grill, but this is only open during the day and was closed in the evenings.Hotel guest services should be renamed, Hotel Guest Ignored unless youre American and flashing your $$$If you want to see a Good Evening Show dont bother its 1 hour long max and the warm up act is tiresome after the 3rd time of seeing the same routine.there is no communication between the staff, we were moved to four different rooms on our day of arrival. we were supposed to be on our honeymoon the holiday of a lifetime and a chance for us both to really kick back and relax. the hotel management made our stay so stressfull we had no choice but to leave a week early. something i've never had to do on a holiday before.The general staff are friendly and about 50% bilingual or better but a smattering of Spanish will get you a lot more.Room cleanliness varied over the stay, some of the maids did a lovely job and others barely made the bed let alone cleaned anywhere.If you dont like coffee take tea bags, the local ones aren't very nice and Mike's coffee shop insist on making tea with hot milk!Best place to spend your evening is in the Casino if youre any good then take full advantage and clean up on the blackjack tables.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>sweetpeainpa
<Content>2nd time and loved it!! This was my 2nd trip to the Oceans resorts in Punta Cana. We have stayed on both sides of the resorts Ocean Sand and Blue. There is no difference!!1st the negative  The safe was broken the first 2 days. Maintenence came 5 times before it was fixed. We kept our Docs in our friends safe until ours was fixed. This could be a major inconvenience if we we not traveling with friends.Now the positives. The animation crew were excellent!! Fifty cent, Super Carlos, Rockman and Charlie Brown made our whole trip. Don't forget to play bingo bingo bongo bongo at 5pm by the pool with fifty cent and tell him Mrs. Greenday and her friends sent you. You can win great prizes such as rum, tee shirts manicures and more.  The beach area had plenty of shade and the ocean was warm and sooo inviting. The food was as good as I remembered on our 1st trip. I enjoyed the crab ravioli at the itialian. The chicken tacos at the Mexican were as excellent as I remembered. The Ribeye at route 66 was juicy and tender. It was actually the best steak I had so far in the carribean or mexico. The other guests were wonderful all though there is a language barrier everyone danced and played well together. France, Germany, Holland, Korean, American ,Chinese, Dominican, Brittish just to name a few. The night life is awesome. There is always something. Tuesday night beach party, karoke, the disco is over the top. The shows were quite entertaining at 9:30 pm every evening in the large open theater. The casino has imroved from my 1st visit in 2006. Lots of nickle machines now. In closing let me say I was a little apprehensive about returnig to the same resort. I have to say my visit was as excellent as the first time and I would return again in a New York minute.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ankar
<Content>Very satisfied! We stayed at Ocean Blue from April 22/08 through April 29/08. It was difficult to make a decision reading the various reviews on many places. It was the price and star rating that attracted us. We were looking for something 4 star and better. We booked ourselves through travelocity, therefore we got to choose our airline and had some flexibility with time of departure and arrival. We chose American Airlines out of Detroit. The one drawback was a stopover in Miami which was not long, just a hassle. Upon arrival in Punta Cana we were processed very quickly and directed to our transfer bus, which was Prieto tours. Prieto tours became our tour representative at the resort. Prieto was waiting for us and delivered us to our resort which was a thirty minute ride in a comfortable air conditioned bus. Prieto was prompt and courteous. These people also were available every day in the lobby for one hour to assist you with tours and of course your return to the airport. They scheduled a briefing for you the day after arrival and please go because they give you your information about your return to the airport, so it is important. Checking in at Ocean Blue did not take long, but the staff was unfriendly and it seemed we were being ignored as they chatted with each other. It was quickly done and we were off to our room in no time. They do bring your suitcases to your room if you want them too. They also do a little sales pitch for time share purchases, but a gentle no thank you is sufficient for them to leave you alone. They are not pushy although will ask throughout your stay. The room was large, clean and very up to date. Double patio doors that lead to a large balcony with two chairs and small table. Stocked fridge, safe, double sink bathroom, jacuzzi tub, even a phone in the bathroom. Thick lush three piece towel set for each person. Toilettries restocked everyday (shampoo, lotion, soap, bath gel, sewing kit etc.) Water bottles. Very comfortable bed however, they are not very knowledgeable in bedding sizes. We had a king bed. They used much smaller sheets. The sheet over the mattress did not cover the mattress at all. The blanket was small, two people couldn't cover well underneath it. You would wake up in the morning sleeping on a bare mattress. Every turn moved the sheet. So we asked for extra bedding and just made up our own bed. The maids did exceptionally well, but they can only work with what they are given. Fitted (elastic corner sheets) would have been greatly appreciated. In other words, bedding fit for the size of bed would have been great. Despite this we did sleep very well it was just annoying. Some days the maid did not come until 5 pm and that time was inconvenient. This resort is very clean. Floors are very shiny and slippery when wet so be careful. The rooms are large. Don't know what the reviews about the lightbulbs were about, but we had no dim lights. Pressure in the shower was excellent. The air conditioner was a bit cool. It must have been permanently set because we could not change it. The safe did not work one day and we had to call maintenance, it was fixed within 15 minutes of having placed the called. The grounds are very pretty. Remember this is a young resort and the vegetation is not mature so don't expect lush tropical grounds. They are beautiful grounds. There is a trolly that takes you around if y ou are not the walking type. The food was very good. The main buffet consisted of various cuisines. Japanese stir fry, pizza, cold cuts, salads, cheeses, breads, chicken, beef, pork, fish, turkey, vegetables, fruits, potatoes-fried, baked, mashed, boiled at every meal. Omelette stations for breakfast. Crepe station always. Breakfast always had champagne and caviar, smoked salmon. Just to give you an idea that this is a top of the line resort. Wine is included with meals for no extra charge. The ala carte's are really not that great, however entertaining, by that I mean it is fine dining and the staff does strive to present a theme. We tried the Dominican, Mexican, Carribean and Route 66. They were okay, but not necessary, we found the buffet was better probably because we had more choices. Route 66 has great all American food. There is a snack bar open from 11pm to 6 am and it's good. Mike's cafe is a real hit and far beyond excellent. You can get any style coffee you wish and the sugar donuts are fabulous. Mike's is the greatest thing in this resort. The smoothies scrumptious. The frappucinos divine, as are the lattes, cappucinos, mochas. It is a real neat Starbucks style place with nice tables and soft chairs to relax in. Books and newspapers to read. The beach restaurant was great for lunches at the beach. There are bars everywhere. Two pool swim up bars. You had to wait too long at these and I found the bartenders not friendly at the pools. We preferred the lobby bar over all the others. The bar on the beach was our next favourite. The two pools at this resort are big. They have jacuzzis. Permanent lounges in the pool which are really nice. We did not have to get up early to get a spot at the beach or pool. The beach does not have palapas rather these corals which have a canvas roof. Palapas look better than these and we would prefer palapas, the shade is the same as from a palapa, it just looks different. It was a cosmetic issue for us. Palapas have a more tropical and carribean flare. The beach is large and beautiful. White sand. Clear water. You can walk for miles in both directions. No problem with towels at the beach. They were always available, no standing in line waiting. Non-motorized equipment you can use. There is a $30 deposit on snorkels which deterred us. You can sign up and pay for other water sports. There is rock climbing comes free. There is a Euro bungee jumping for a fee. There is a bowling alley, you get one free pass with your stay. At the bowling alley there are pool tables, ping pong and air hockey tables. Kids would love this bowling alley. There is a casino which we did not use so can't tell you anything about that. Internet cafe was useful. There is a small shop you can buy things in that you forgot at home, but it will be four times more expensive. There are local vendors on the beach, several shops set up. You can buy really nice souvenirs, crafts, coffee, cigars, rum, paintings, etc. Make sure you bargain and DO NOT PAY what they ask, offer them less than half and then work it out. There are about a dozen stray dogs on the beach just a few feet north of the resort. Everybody stops and plays with them and takes pictures. People even bring them food. I would be leary about getting too friendly with these dogs (although people did). The dogs stick to their own territory and do not wander onto the resort. There were a few weddings during our stay. Does not interfere with anyone else. Professional photograhers walk around and take lovely photos if you wish to purchase them you have that option, no pressure though. The shows at night in the theatre are poor. It was lip sync and a bit dry. Found the props and costumes to be a little stale. It was okay, but a resort of this calibre could fine tune their night entertainment. In the lobby at night was a great saxophone player, he played jazz. They also had some singers. The lobby entertainment was much more appreciated. I found it to be more Upper class entertainment. There were too many children at this resort and if you do not want to see kids and strollers, this may not be the place for you. Sometimes they were too loud at the pool. There are adult only crafts and moms should understand that and not get upset if their child is not permitted to participate in an adult painting class. This was annoying for us. However, this is a really kid friendly place, (even a kids club), oh and TV reception is great and all kinds of channels. So young families, listen up, this place is excellent for you. I would definitely return to this place. I can put up with the poor entertainment, kids, wrong size sheets and no palapas. Excellent beach, good food, clean rooms and clean resort is tops here.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>donnawillows
<Content>what a fantastic time       fantastic pools  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>MarRich
<Content>some good some bad We stayed here for 2 weeks from the 16th April and having read through the previous reviews I have to agree with many of the complaints. The biggest pain being the beach situation, the shaded sun beds were very hard to get no matter what time you got to the beach and we are early risers. We even saw people returning to their towels/sun bed after a half day trip so they had been unused all morning. Also the shades were meant for 4 beds but very often there were only two people under so as to have their own space (understandable).The beach was massive either side but only a small area for swimming the whole of this coast has what looks like a fantastic reef well within swimming distance for snorkelling however you can only swim out some 20-50yards and there is only sand and very few fish. Water taxis speed boats, and banana floats etc, go up and down all day. So for someone who loves snorkelling it was very frustrating to be so near yet so far. You could get a boat out to it but you had to pay and they went the other side of the reef which you could see from shore looked very choppy.The dogs on the beach were cute and we witnessed many people going gaga over them letting their kids pick up the puppies and lick their faces (do these people not read up on risks and tips of the places they go to, especially with children) and also feeding them. There were no notices that we saw when we were there about not feeding the dogs and being aware that they bite etc (see previous posting about kids being bitten). We did see a security guy try to shoo a dog away from the sun beds but he was chastised by a silly woman who told him to leave it alone.Before we arrived we emailed and asked for a quiet location however when we arrived we had been allocated probably the noisiest block on the resort right next to the pool directly over the loudspeaker for the poolside entertainment, and we arrived after a nine hour flight at the time of the afternoon session. When we asked for another room the desk clerk asked us to sit and wait then he disappeared not to be seen again and it was only when we went back to the counter to ask what was happening did they suddenly remembered we were there and eventually got a room overlooking the fantastic central gardens.The food was fantastic in the main buffet there was plenty of choice breakfast, Lunch, and dinner breakfast for instance had all the normal cereal, juices, smoothies, pancakes, eggs, bacon, sausage, smoked salmon, caviar, cheese, cold meats, local stuff like fried yucca, sweet potatoes toast and much more. The other restaurants were all extremely good. The main bar had some very good entertainment the evening show was very good for a one off but after the third night it was quite boring, they were all very good dancers and obviously hard working but all the music was mimed using recorded songs from other singers. Same dances different songs and costumes. It would have been much better if they had got in different kinds of entertainment each evening a local dance troop would have been nice.The shop is not badly priced a lot cheaper than the airport duty free. The casino is also good fun you can just play the slot machines 25c a go or the tables min $5 we only played the slot machine and black jack for a few $ s and we always came out winning.We were just a couple in out early 50鈥檚 and this resort was very full of children who all stayed up very late at night and as the beach shades are so close together and both pools have no adult only areas you have to like kids or don鈥檛 go.The noise around the pool bar became louder as the afternoon went on, and I wonder sometimes with such great beaches and sea, why anybody wants to spend the day drinking at the pool bar.One day we tried to go on a small shopping trip to the local town, it was horrendous, we were hassled all the time. All the shops sold exactly the same stuff (some fantastic paintings) but we were under lots of pressure to buy and as soon as you walked out of one shop the one next door grabbed hold of you and almost demanded that you have a look around their shop and if you said no thanks they got really shirty.The roads and sidewalks around Bavaro are a complete mess and we wouldn鈥檛 recommend walking around. We did go on an organised trip to the mountains with the Outback Jungle safari and had a very interesting and informative tour with Luis (a very clever chap) I felt motion sick nearly all the time, as we said the roads are terrible, but I wouldn鈥檛 have missed it even though it took two days to get over (I was the only one who felt ill so don鈥檛 let it put you off) we thoroughly recommend.Would we go back? Not really, lots of small reasons more than one big thing, having been to Jamaica, Granada and Cuba, this was good but not as good as we had hoped  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	3	4	

<Author>Kiki_Crunchie
<Content>would not go back to this hotel Stayed at this hotel during end of january and beginning of february and i have to say overall it is okay but as we had not originally booked this hotel and were told upon arrival at the airport that we had been double booked at Edenh so HAD to go there it didnt best please us...Upon arrival the reception staff especially Roberto, were very unhelpful and didnt even know we were expected!!!!! even though we were assured by the resort manager at the airport they did!When i had to insist that we were told we were staying there he eventually decided in his own sweet time to go and check in the back office. Taking into consideration the long flight and transfer time i would of hoped that at least they could of offered us a cold drink whilst they were sorting out the problem but none such offer came! When they did find us a room i asked directions etc and was there transport because in other hotels 4* that we have stayed they have always taken us to our room i was told to walk! which was rude and bearing in mind it was very late and had know idea how to find our room.After speaking to the Bell Boys they offered to take us for which we were grateful but when we arrived in our room quite shocked!!! Room was filthy with empty cans and bottles, wet towels left on the floor and obviously not been cleaned. After refusing to stay there even though he tried his best to leave us there the bell boy then showed us another room which again was not cleaned and had ashtrays full of cigarates etc plus sand in the bath!!! again refused to stay and even though we asked to go back to reception he took us to another room. Which again to our amazement was dirty with dirty glasses, empty bottles etc left from previous occupants. After insisting we were taken to reception then, finally we were told they had no other rooms!!!!!!!! By this time my patience had evaporated and i had to really get stroppy before they would listen. Eventually our rep turned up (Stephanie) who did find us another room in block 6.Unfortunately the saga didnt end then, when we woke next day in the daylight we noticed mold growing up the walls and across the ceiling so once again we had to go and complain and change rooms. Through out the staff including the rep werent that helpful or understanding.On a lighter note once our room was sorted we did have a nice stay. Although i have to say the sun bed situation got on our nerves as people were leaving their towels on the beds and wouldnt be seen all day and the same with parasol. My husband is very fair so needs shade so unless we got an parasol we couldnt stay around the pool or beach.Food good in Buffet with loads of choice, didnt rate the a la cartes much and felt the tipping culture too much, the bar staff in the main lobby ignore you if they dont think you will not tip them and i noticed they only gave the branded goods to their favorite guests.Rooms clean but the maid was cheeky asking us to fill in a nomination card giving us her i.d to ensure!!!!!All in all we would not return to this hotel especially since it is not cheap and other hotels we have stayed in the caribbean have been much better. Plus we were disapointed in the sea which although was clean had little to no fish!!!!! and we both love snorkelling.The staff here also dont speak that good english which you would think they would especially since a lot of the custom is from USA and Canada.We did go on a really good tour of the sugar cane and inland which was well worth it (monster tour).  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Now_where_2
<Content>For the most part GREAT Me and my fiance stayed at Ocean Sand from Apr. 14 to Apr. 21 of 2008. Check in- When they say check in time is 3pm beleive it. They don't get you in till 3pm and not a minute sooner. Rooms are very nice and spacious. We were placed in a backside veiw in villa 9 at first which the veiw was not the greatest at all but requested a move to poolveiw asap and got moved the next day. Much better veiw. Pools are very nice and HUGE!! If you like shade by the pool you usually had to get to pool by 8:30 am to place your towel on a chair. If you don't want shade then there are tons of chairs available. Food is okay. But watch for cleanliness in the main buffet. We saw them on more than 2 occassions grab dirty glasses that had been used by others dump the old drink out and rinse them under water very quickly then pour our drinks in them and serve us. So we ended up asking for plastic cups for the rest of the stay. Staff are very helpful and friendly! Grounds on the resort are BEAUTIFUL!!! Entertainment is your average resort entertainment which is ok. The saxaphone player they have in the lobby on certain nights is wonderful!! Oh and the photographers on the resort take absolutley BEAUTIFUL pics!!! One other thing is keep in mind that this is a very big resort and depending on where your room is there is alot of walking but there is also a trolley that goes around pretty much all day that you can catch a ride on. There are no specific times it travels. So when we were on our way to the lobby and it happened to be right there we took it and if not we walked. But the walk was always nice too because as I said the grounds are beautiful. The spa is very nice and fair prices. We enjoyed our stay very much and would recommend staying there to others. Don't forget to ask for plastic cups!!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	3	5	5	

<Author>JackNB
<Content>Awesome stay at the Ocean First of all this was my first trip in the Dominican, we stayed at the Ocean sand me and my gf my sister was staying at the Ocean blue from the 6th to the 13 th of April 2008 . The resort looks very nice I would say even more then on picture. I was impress by the immaculate ground over there Check in/out : Very quick we arrived there at night took us 2 minutes to get our keys and we were ready to go.It is normal ifyou arrived on a bus with a big group of people that it will be a bit longer.Rooms: large and very nice did not had anything missing or broken in my room, each room has a safe the bathroom is pretty nice also villa 10 and 6 are the one closest to the beach It depend what you want ,to be closer to the beach or closer to the lobby area/a la carte restaurant and buffet.Buffet: There is 2 one close to the lobby witch is very good lots of choices and another one close to the beach witch is a bit less choices but still good.A la carte restaurant : No reservation everytime I went around 1825 never had to wait to eat , I went to the Mexican, Italian , route 66 witch is probably the one I though was the worst all the other one were great , good service , good food. For the men the Italian , the Dominican and the El bodegon you have to wear long pants.Bars: they have a lots of bar on the resort if you tip I am not going to lie it helps a lot one of those is the sports bar witch is open till 6AM with snack available after 2300 the Lobby is very nice with a big bar and always music played at night. Bars by the pool is also good but I did not like the fact that little kids were in the pool were the swim up bar is there is a lots of pool to take them.Beach: Very nice a lot of sun chairs never had to worried about it.Entertainment: plenty of stuff to do on the resort the Team at the ocean sand/blue is simply awesome there is show every night at Showtime lots of game to play by the pools.Finally I would recommend this resort to everybody because it has a lot to offer the staff is very friendly the resort is simply beautifull. I do not understand people complaining about the resort I had an awesome stay there from day 1 to day 7 and I will be back next year for sure.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hellosaraho
<Content>loved it until the dog attack We were travelling with our three sons all under the age of five and I would say this is a fabulous resort for children. Most of the people there had kids and we had an amazing time until the last night. The food was great, the rooms were large and clean, the beach was a little dirty but is the fault of the guests...Our last night we went down to the beach, around 4pm, to take some photos of the boys on my lap in the sand. We were on the resort property.While sitting on the sand a dog, one of the many that guest were feeding and we had avoided knowing they were wild dogs, jumped over my husbands shoulder ( he was on his stomach taking photos of us) and jumped on my five year old bitting him on the mouth as he started to scream. My three year old jumped up and started to run away - the dog turned to him and bit him on the bum and them pinned him and started licking his face. I was trying to get up and protect my 6 month old as my husband kicked at the dog to get it away. My children were terrified - we all were.My son had to go and get a needle right away. We were leaving the next day and upon arrival in Toronto took the kids to the Doctor. Both my five and three year old are now getting needles for rabies - we don't know if the dog had it but it is 100 percent fatal, 100 percent! So a total of 15 needles later - we still have to get more- I would advise people to be careful. Rabies is contracted not just with bites and blood but with saliva - hence the son who was licked on the face had to also get treament. The hotel's responce was to put up signs on the beach the next day and they gave my son a piece of gum and a bowling ticket. They told us the dogs were filthy and disgusting but there was not much they could do about them.We had such a wonderful trip up until the time, really no complaints but I think I need to tell people about our experience so they can be careful and protect their children. The dogs seem friendly and I think the dog wanted to play but who knows what diseases it might have and it did bite them. A wild dog can turn quicky and we don't know how they are treated by their owners.We love the Dominican and will definately go back. I don't know about this resort because of the dogs but the area is beautiful and the people are wonderful!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mchisholm
<Content>Stay somewhere else! We were guests at this resort March 9-16. We were 2 adults and 3 teenagers and we paid for the Elite Club. Upon reserving, I had requested that we have a nice view and rooms close together. Our rooms were right next door to each other but we both had a view of the back alley and the back of the vendor's market. We tried to change our room but were told none were available. When paying for the Elite Club, you are offered private check in and check out however, if you arrive after 11 PM, you do not have this option. You must wait in line even though you have paid for this service. After our first morning there, I slipped on a puddle of water in the lobby and broke my ankle (no signs in lobby to indicate a wet floor). The hotel staff did a very good job of running the other way and ignoring me. The hotel doctor was excellent along with the hospital in Bavaro however, the general staff went out of their way to ignore me even after attempts to speak with the manager. I had broken my leg on the first day and we were only able to speak with someone about it on the last day after my husband demanded to speak with someone. Needless to say, I had a horrible week riding around in a wheelchair unable to enjoy the pool or beach. We did meet some very nice people though. I spoke with many guests about my injury and a lot of them had similar tales of falling as the grounds are very slippery when they are wet.In terms of the overall hotel, I would not return. This is our second time to Punta Cana. We stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro the previous year and loved it but we like to try new things so we gave this resort a shot. The food was good but nothing the like Iberostoar. They had way more variety and better displays. However, we did enjoy the Dominican Restaurant and the Steak House (El Bogadon), the food was excellent. Mike's coffee is great as well. I did not eat in the Italian restaurant but those that did seemed to not like it at all. The grounds are neat and well kept but not as pretty as the Iberostar. The poolside drinks were good and the staff were nice. We used our bowling certificate one night (the boys did, I watched from my wheelchair). The lanes are very nice but the bowling balls are very heavy and it is 10 pin. Younger kids would have a tough time. There is a ping pong table, video games and pool tables upstairs. Our teens spent one night here and said it was okay. We went to one show and were not impressed so we did not see any others. Plus there is no table service. You have to get your own drinks which is not really a big deal but when you are paying big bucks at a 4 1/2 star resort, this should be provided. The entertainment in the lobby bar was great and geared more for the older crowd. The casino was nice but not as fun as the Iberostar's casino.As for the Elite Club, do not waste your money on this. You don't get any better service. The room we had was nice but did not look like the room on the website pictures. There is no billowing gauze hanging down from your non existent four poster bed. The bathroom was nice and big and had a nice jacuzzi tub. As part of the package, you are given a horeseback ride excursion. This is easily booked with the Elite Centre Desk. My husband and 2 kids did this excursion and it was awful. You get a 1/2 hour ride as part of the package but the bus ride out there is 45 minutes. The horses were okay. While on the ride, my family encountered a young Dominican boy who was riding a dirt bike and dragging a dead dog behind him. The dog had clearly been alive when he started his journey but dead by the time the trail ride came across him. Needless to say, the kids were traumatized. Once the ride was over, my family waited over 2 hours in a parking lot for the bus to return. There was no food or water available. Luckily there was another tour bus there from another resort that gave them some water. And when the bus finally showed up, the driver tried to take them into a small village of vendors. My husband told the driver that there was no way he was going anywhere except back to the resort. The driver turned around.Also included in the Elite Package was a 1/2 massage which was enjoyed by the pool. One meal from the a la carte restaurants was included. We chose the Steak House and it was excellent. We did not hear good reviews about the lobster restaurant so we did not go there. The 1/2 hour catamaran with skipper means you get a Hobie Cat and one of the staff there gets on it for 10 mins to make sure you know how to steer. The free motorized sport we took advantage of was the tubing and the kids enjoyed that.We did a lot of tipping and got good service. We left a few dollars in our room each day for the lady that did the cleaning and we always had lots of water and beer in our fridge.Overall I was disappointed in my stay. The atmosphere at this resort was on the quiet side and not nearly as much fun as the Iberostar Bavaro. The pool side crew at the Iberostar did a much better job getting the guests involved in activities. There was no pool volleyball or water polo organized for guests. I think there was some stuff on the beach but I did not make it out there as my chair did not roll well in the sand. Our teenagers had fun but there were lots of teens there to meet and have fun with. However, given the choice, they would all opt to return to the Iberostar Bavaro.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	3	5	

<Author>coach4
<Content>Great Time at the Ocean Sand Our group of four adults and two teenagers had a great time at the Ocean Sand. The resort is beautiful and I would not hesitate to recommend it to my friends. If you are looking for an all inclusive beach vacation at a reasonable price look no further.The grounds are immaculate and the complex is well laid out. The Sand and its sister resort the Blue are actually one in the same for all intents and purposes. They share the common areas and are only separated by the awesome pools. It is a bit of a hike from one end to the other but there is a trolley that seems to run continuously.Our standard junior suite room was very nice and quite spacious. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom featured a shower/Jacuzzi and twin sinks. We didn't spend much time in our room other than to sleep so I can't imagine needing more than this. I was hoping to get a second or third floor room after reading some of the reviews but it really didn't matter, we did not have any mustiness or ants.The beach is awesome and we spent most of our days lounging under the canopies that they provide. Being spring break time for many the resort was busy. Like most other resorts this meant getting out to the beach early to stake your place with a beach towel, especially if you wanted shade. Finding a place at the pool did not seem to be quite as competitive but you still needed to be on the ball. We enjoyed the food at the resort. There is a large breakfast, lunch and dinner buffet with very nice if somewhat noisy dining rooms off either side. They also have a lunch buffet down by the beach. The resort has a variety of a la carte restaurants that are included in the package. They even have two restaurants that require a supplemental fee. You will never go hungry.The morning buffet was excellent and featured just about anything you could ever want. Our group seemed to gravitate to the omelet or pancake/crepe stations but you could help yourself to various egg dishes, fresh fruit, bacon, ham, sausages, smoked salmon etc. etc. My friends enjoyed pouring themselves a champagne and orange juice every morning and after a few days I was really getting into starting my day with a Bloody Mary.The lunch selection at the main buffet was excellent and we found the food quite tasty. As we spent most of our time at the beach we usually went to the beach buffet for lunch. It was quite nice with tables inside an open but covered area and on a patio facing the beach. The selection was not as extensive as the main buffet but there was salad, pasta, fish, paella, pizza, hotdogs and hamburgers, among other things. My personal favorite was the roast chicken it was outstanding. For dessert fans they always had out lots of little cakes and cookies and the ice cream was really good.In the evening we usually went to the a la carte restaurants although we were quite impressed with the selection and quality of the dinner buffets on the nights we went. You did not have to make reservations at the a la cartes but this meant that unless you were there early you would have a little bit of a wait. Our party of six usually had to wait at least an hour but once we figured out the system it was no problem. We just checked in with the hostess and either enjoyed a few cocktails at the patio area or just wandered around checking out the various vendors on the night they were set up. The El Bodegon, one of the additional supplement restaurants, also featured a tapas bar. I went in to check the place out and they handed me a plate to fill up and take back to the patio. The snacks were great and I returned there a few other evenings, they kept handing me a plate so I assume that the tapas is for everyone.I think that if you expect the a la carte restaurants to be the fine dining experience that you would have at your favorite restaurant back home you will be disappointed. They are however a nice change from buffet dining and we found the food and service to be very good. Our group enjoyed the Italian and we ended up going back later in the week. The food was far from authentic Italian but the salmon, shrimp, chicken and even the steak entr茅e were all quite nice. We also enjoyed the Caribbean, Mexican and Dominican restaurants probably in just about that order. We did not try out Route 66 the American style restaurant. Mike鈥檚 Coffee bar featured all kinds of specialty coffee as well as desserts and was a nice treat.What would an all-inclusive be without its bars? The Ocean Sand/Blue does not disappoint, they are all over the place. They mix a generous drink but if it is not to your liking they will certainly adjust it for you. They have premium liquor although they will usually pour the local stuff unless you ask. Frankly I would rather have the Brugal rum than Bicardi, although I do prefer a Tangueray martini. The beer on tap is Presidente which is a nice light larger; if they had other brands I didn鈥檛 see them. They have all kinds of fancy drinks that the ladies liked- The Dirty Monkey seemed to be a favorite. The only thing that I didn鈥檛 see was a nice single malt scotch but I wouldn鈥檛 be surprised if they had that to. The service at all of the bars was excellent and I often tipped although I never felt that I was getting an inferior drink or poorer service when I did not. There was a lot of activity and entertainment available. We did not have young kids but they all looked like they were having a blast in the pool or in an organized activity. Adults and teens were certainly not left out as the pool and beach areas featured lots of sports, contests, activities and of course there is always people watching! Many people took advantage of the non- motorized water sports while others for a few extra dollars checked out the banana boat and parasail rides. We spent most of our time on the beach and in the beautiful water. Our teenagers went for a spa and really enjoyed it.In the evening we had a variety of entertainment choices. The main lobby bar featured a saxophone/vocalist or we could go to the casino, sports bar or bowling alley. At about 9:30 PM they had a live show and if we still had any energy the Disco opened later. Actually the only real criticism I have of the resort is the quality of the shows. I actually hate to complain as the rest of our experience was so positive and in the big picture this is a bit of a quibble. The covered theatre is excellent with lots of seating and tables and the sound system and lighting were all fine. Unfortunately each show featured dancing and lip-synching to canned music and to be honest the dancing was poor and the productions uninspired. We have been to many all inclusives and we know not to expect Vegas style entertainment but these shows were not up to par with what we have seen elsewhere. Mosquitoes were not an issue at the resort and apparently they spray. A few of the reviews had me concerned about this but if there were mosquitoes we certainly didn鈥檛 see any. As a precaution I sprayed on a little Off (deet) and wore long pants in the evening. I didn鈥檛 get bit by anything: others in my party got a few bites but we don鈥檛 think they were from mosquitoes. Probably sand flies.Our party did a few excursions. Our friends went out on the Bavaro Splash excursion driving their own speedboat along the coast in a convoy until they reached a place to snorkel. They quite enjoyed the thrill of the ride and being able to snorkel in a small group. We all went on the Caribbean Festival cruise on a large catamaran, we swam with sharks and stingrays, snorkeled on the coral reef and then we were entertained with some dancing. In Mexico they issue you with your own snorkel, which you keep, this was not the case on this excursion; it is probably worth throwing your own snorkel in the suitcase if you plan to snorkel in the Dominican Republic. All in all an entertaining afternoon.The ability to read the reviews on Trip Advisor is a great asset to the traveler but I think one must keep an open mind. Even the best destinations will not meet the needs of everyone, as you will see if you sample the reviews of the various resorts. Add my family and friends to the many vacationers who have had a great time at the Ocean Sand.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>standa
<Content>Paradise!!!!!Do not believe bad reviews       amazing beach  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Mila2008
<Content>It's too BAD this Resort is in the Dominican! This is the second time my family and I have vacationed to the Dominican within the last 2 years.... and I guess you can call us Stoopid... because we should have learned from our 1st experience. We were told there is some virus on this island that causes people to vomit and get very ill... well you can rest assured this is true. Both times, I got very ill as did the rest of the group I was with, including 4 of the 5 young children. Let me tell you, the worst thing about vacationing is getting sick and not having good service. I won the jackpot - because I had both this time around... Almost everyone got ill and there was no service at this beautiful resort.Call me snobbing, call me lazy, call me stuck-up... Whatever! Going on vacation for me and my family to an all-inclusive resort means being pampered and not stressed for those few days every year. Well at this resort, the pampering became a reality every time I tipped people (and let's say my denominations were $20).... It is funny.. I requested a crib for my 10 month old baby... I was told one was already in my room upon check-in... well when I got there, there was no crib in sight! I was then told there is just 1 crib for the resort and it was being used!!!!! Miraculously, when I tipped the luggage people $20 and begged for a crib, one was (I guess built) within 10 minutes!!!! Unbelieveable. To even think this vast resort can have just one crib!!!! Hence, it brings me to service... which this resort had none of unless I was alone without the kids or without my husband!!! Need I say more....Bad service... here goes! Our group needed 2 high chairs... well we had to venture off very meal to find our own high chairs because every time we asked for one... they had none! God forbid someone looks.The buffet... well let's say the cooks decided to cook food only when there was nothing left on display... Hence, we were always waiting for pizza to be made, burgers to be cooked, etc.... And then it felt like a race - on who could get there in time to get that batch of food before they ran out again,The hospitality room....given for 1/2 hour..... Well we had one from 4pm to 4:30. We arrived at 4:10, found the room a disaster - there were about 20 used towels on the floor. It took my husband 15 minutes to find clean towels... and then at 4:30 sharp, totally nude and creaming myself up, a new family walks in on us!!!! Nice.Our bathroom - the room above ours was leaking water right into our bathroom, all over our toiletries. Well every evening like a bad dream, we had to call customer service to come repair the ceiling leak... Every evening for 6 evenings!I can go on and on.... but I will be here forever.The only good thing this resort had was Mike's Cafe... great atmosphere, good coffee and the staff was very welcoming! But even that did not sway me to recommend this resort or destination!!!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mom23lads
<Content>Great holiday for our family Just returned from stay at Ocean Sand over March break with husband and three boys aged 5-9. All the positive reviews we read before are true so I say ditto all those. We all had a fantastic time. I was expecting it to be so busy based on reviews and was surprised to find it wasn't. I'm pretty sure they were at capacity, but you just don't notice with all the space at the pool, beach, and restaurants. If you walk up the beach, you see what busy looks like - ocean sand was much less crouded. We were always early to dinner with the kids, so no long waits. I really enjoyed all the other travellers too - it seems to attract a really nice bunch of people. The only real problem I had was with the kids club. If you aren't too picky about what your kids do or who they are with without you, you will be fine. I didn't find the young women running it were very engaged with the children. I had a special request that they not blow their whistle while my children were there (my youngest has had several ear surgeries) and it was not recieved well. I wonder if it was the language barrier. They just didn't seem to be very warm with the children. On the contrary, every other Dominican person we came into contact with was fantastic with the kids! Always smiling and joking with them - several times I thought of asking one of them to watch the kids so my husband and I could have a little alone time! It didn't ruin our holiday though - the kids went for a few hours here and there and we just enjoyed the rest of the time with them. I probably won't go back though for this reason.I was also surprised at how frequently they were spraying the resort and behind it. Perhaps it had something to do with recent malaria. I sure did see more mosquitos than my last trip to DR four years ago - and way more spraying.Tips for your trip: 1. try and get a base tan before you go and bring sunshirts and wide hats for the kids, we all got pretty burned even with 45 sunscreen applied all day2. you will need to go down the beach or pool by 8am to leave your towels if you want a shaded spot3. learn a bit of Spanish - it goes a long way!4. try the banana drink in the breakfast buffet (I could live on them)5. bring bug spray, particularly for the show, I got several mosquito bites there.6. walk through the villas to get to the restaurants - it cuts the time and can be shady too.7. the tour with the sharks/stingrays is a blast for everyone - book in the lobby  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>dreaminofnextholiday
<Content>Fantastic Stay at Ocean Sand Stayed at Ocean Sand for one week in March. Was a little concerned by some of the negative reviews, but booked anyway, as overall the reviews were positive.The hotel and grounds are extreamely well maintained and the restaurants and buffet are spotless. Had no problem being served with drinks in the buffet restaurant and always found the service to be prompt. Only had to wait to be seated once at the Italian Restaurant one evening, but this was fine as we just got a drink and sat outside for twenty minutes until the table was ready. We are on holiday - what is the need to rush? We found the food to be varied in the buffet restaurant with an extreamely wide choice. The themed restaurants had more of a limited set menu and I can see that this may get a bit repetitive if you were staying for two weeks. Ate in the Spanish al a carte restaurant one evening. This is one of two restaurants were there is a supplement. Found the food to be of no higher standard to the food that was included in the all inclustive package, so don't waste your money. Had no problems with the food overall and were not ill.The beach is stunning - what more can I say - miles of beautiful soft sand and crystal clear waters.I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Coffee or tea was always served at breakfast the minute you sat down at a table and also topped up regularly without having to ask. The service in the lobby bar in the evening was somewhat slower and they could probably do with a few extra staff at busy times to cope with the volume of people. English visitors do require a tourist card to enter the Dominican Republic, but this was no problem as we were given them to complete on the plane on the way there. You have to hand them in on arrival with 10 USD per person. You also need to complete an exit card, but we were given this by the travel representative (First Choice) on the way to the hotel. Was no further charge to be paid on leaving the county. We only took US Dollars, did not need Dominican Pesos at all.Would recommend that you take mosquito repellent and take malaria prevention tablets as a precaution as there is a risk in the Dominican Republic, but don't let this put you off!Overall, we would say go ahead and book it and have a great time.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Halo11
<Content>Fantastic value for money !! We had a really fantastic holiday, with our expectations exceeded, especially after some of the reviews we read !Reception and arrival:We arrived from England at 6pm. Check in was extremely swift and easy, however there was only a group of about 12 people checking in. Staff not overly helpful, but very efficient.(If you are checking in from US/Canada and there is a long check in line, prepare for a wait !)Service:This ranges from superb to awful. As in all hotels you get some wonderful staff members, who will go that extra mile to really make your holiday, and then you get those who (if tipped!) may just about give a reasonable level of service. Speaking a smattering of Spanish (or even making the effort really does make all the difference.)Food:No troubles - even with my husbands very sensitive stomach !!Buffet - OMG the best buffet ever !! Neither my husband or I can give this anything but praise. Brilliant selection and it was always hot. Service better at quieter times, as per normal.A la carte's - OK but not brilliant. Mexican good, try the fahitas!Italian  Route 66, ok. Dominican, our experience was awful - when you go, prepare to need to eat in the buffet afterwards as chances are you won't finish your first mouthful !Mike's - Not even going to comment, if you can't judge for yourselves how great this place is from all the comments previously on the reviews, you're not reading enough !!Standard junior suites:We were so surprised as to how spacious the room was. We were in block 9 (facing the pool) with an ocean view if you stick your neck out ! Room and fittings all well maintained.Shower good most of the time, water pressure wasn't brilliant on occasions, but hey wait ten minutes and it will be fine.Entertainment and facilities:Can't really comment too much on this as we didn't go to any of the shows, too busy making friends around the bars !!Casino was a lot of fun. TIP: Double your money tickets are given out every few nights, so wait for these to come around before visiting.Overall we found this hotel to be fantastic value for money. It isn't a five star, however you are not paying five star prices, so what can you expect.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>mancini_robert
<Content>Horrible Service! Not Impressed at all. What can I say.....................The place is beautiful yes, the animation is very good. But THAT IS IT!Food tastes good, but in the end, you will all get sink from stomach cramps and vomiting. We were a group of 11 and 5 were children. 8 of the 11 got sick.Service? What is that? Not once were we asked at the pool, or at the beach or at the shows if we wanted something to drink. Not once! I paid $4500 for one week for 2 adults, a 5 year old and a 14 month old because I want to be served. Orelse, I would have rented a condo and do everything myself.Buffet; everyone who works there looks miserable. Every breakfast, lunch and supper we needed 2 high chairs for the babies. When we asked, sorry sir, we have no more! so off I had to wonder around the resaturant and find them myself, which I did!You might say, yeah but if you tipped them, you would get better service! I always tip! And I am not talking about one dollar either! They are just miserable people and they ruined my trip.The Dominican is off my list!Cuba is still the best carribean place to be at with wonderful and helpful and polite people who will do anything to help you and make your saty more memorable.As for the plane? Skyservice, no thank you. Not if you have children.Thumbs Down.............  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	4	1	5	

<Author>CoolbreezeMichigan
<Content>Ya Mon!! Fantastic resort Just arrived home from great week at The Ocean Blue and it was fantastic. Before leaving for our vacation, I had read quite a few reviews about the resort, mostly good, a couple bad, but I'm here to tell you there was nothing that I thought was bad about this resort. We stayed from 2-24-08 thru 3-2-08 with a group of ten people in thier forties that like to party.After arriving at the airport, the bus transfer ride was about a 30 minute travel to the resort, but the time passed quickly as you get a little picture of what life is like in D.R.Upon arrival at the resort, we were amazed at how nice the lobby, grounds, and all the buildings appeared. We did our arrival check in and were approached by some of the timeshare people. A polite, but firm no, and just keep walking and they leave you alone. Our room check in was a little delayed, so the resort bumped us up to an elite room at no extra charge and we waited in the comfort of the spacious lobby and consumed some adult beverages.Room: Great! Tile floors, king sized bed, walk out patio, and very clean. Maid service times varied from day to day, but that was no real issue as most times we were outside. The first couple of days I requested a couple Presidente beers to restock the fridge, and received them. A little tip on the pillow left each day for maid service.Food: On a scale from 1 to 10 about a 9. If you can't find something to eat here I don't know what to tell you. Buffets were plentiful and various. Clean facilities and friendly staff. Had to wait a little at breakfast for coffee, but the coffee people were quite busy and had plenty of people to take care of.At lunch our group would usually eat at the beach resturant. Great selection of food from, fish to burgers, pasta, salads, soup, pizza, chicken, beans  rice, etc. All hot and delicious.Dinner was usually at a themed resturant. Went to the Itailian and had a steak. Great flavor, but just a little on the tough side. That was probably the only thing all week I had that was a little dissappointing. Mexican was good also, with a beef burrito that I could not finish because of the size. Route 66 was cool. Pretty much americanized food, but also a great selection. Beach bar for dinner, I had a steak once again, which this time was great.Pools: Cool. What else can I say. Clean and maintained and yes with some tiles missing here and there, big deal. Plenty of chairs surrounding them with some activities during the day. If the loudness of the activities bothers you, stay home.Beach: Beautiful sand, palm trees, and brilliant blue waters. The only trash I saw, was seaweed washed ashore and an occasional empty cup. If everyone would kind of pick up their own trash, there would be none. Great fun climbing the rock wall and kayaking in the ocean.Service: Top notch. Even though gratuities are figured in to the price of the trip, if doesn't hurt to grease the wheels a little for a bit of extra attention. Very rarely did we wait for drinks. Our waitress Anna was fantastic, very freindly as are all the people we encountered while there.I could go on and on, but I think you can tell I was impressed with the resort and totally enjoyed my stay. If you are thinking about going, I would recommend this place without hesitation. Go and have fun.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Canadian-Traveller08
<Content>Simply Beautiful Before I left I read alot of mixed reviews on this resort and I have come to the conclusion that they are from people that are just not happy with anything in there lives, it has nothing to do with the resort.We just came back from Ocean Sands on March 4th and it was paradise!!! The Beaches are amazing, the resort is very clean, staff are awesome, the rooms are nice and the pool was great.The resort itself has only been open for 3 years. I have also been to Puarta Plata (very nice) and Cancun (too commercialized) and Punta Cana and it's white sand beauty far exeeded by expectations.If you are a person that wants to travel off the resort into the town, this is not the place for you although there are about 6 different tour guided excursion that are available through the resort that will keep you occupied.The only downfall was that I got tired of the food. It seemed to all taste the same after a few days. The Mexican al la carte restaurant was o.k. but the other al la cartes were nothing to write home about. However the breakfast buffet was good  the lunch buffet by the beach was also tasty. There way of cooking  spices or lack of is just different from ours.Malleria Allert: There is a malaria alert for Punta Cana so we took anti-malaria drugs just in case but I only saw two mesquitos the whole week.Currency: Take U.S. only, you don't need Dominion money.Vendors on the Beach: They will annoy you to no end...but don't let them. This is what I figured out: if you ask them a price they will say $100. for something that we could buy for only $20. here...looking for a sucker!!! Instead pick something up and tell them what you will pay, barter a little and then walk away, they will follow you and agree to your price, believe me.Voltage: Canadian plug-ins will work in their recepticles..same voltage as us.P.S. Remember to bring thermal insulation mugs if your a drinker.Hope you consider this resort, I would definately recommend it...you will not be disappointed!!!Have Fun!!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JerseyLinda67
<Content>fabulous value and all round fantastic holiday We stayed at ocean Sand over xmas and new year 2007/2008.We are 2 families of 40 something parents and 4 children age 7-12. We were really blown away by the location on a fabulous beach with plenty to do, the hotel facilities and grounds which were all amazing and the whole holiday was brilliant. Hotel and grounds are clean and well cared for, they spray for bugs and we just didnt see any mosquitos fro 2 weeks. The toliets are clean and noone in our party had any tummy problems, and we didnt hear of any other guests suffering either. They have a climic on site which we did actually use as my friend fell over when slightly worse for wear and pulled a ligament in her leg, the care and attention she received was brilliant despite her injury being self inflicted! The hotel is all inclusive, it has several a la carte restaurants and 1 huge buffet diner, the a la carte restaurants could get busy and you maybe had to wait half an huor for a table but that was no hardship as the drinks were free and there was plenty of space to sit outside and take in the ambience. The foood in all the themed resturants was excellent, the buffet had a huge choice and was great but lacked any atmosphere. There were also 2 pay extra ala carte restaurants but we didnt bother with them as the rest were so fabulous. The range meant that we could eat somewhere different every night and not get bored. The kids loved the american Diner and the coffee bar where they ate all the cookies! They have a full starbucks style coffee bar with fruit smoothies and cakes and you can get great milkshakes in teh american diner too. There is a sports bar with sky but mainly tuned to US football. Xmas and New year gala dinners wer fantastic, ice sculptures, every meat, lobster , sushi and everything you could ever wish for. The entertainment at New year was fabulous, champagne, and fireworks.Xmas we had santa wandering around with sweets but no formal kids event. The restaurants, night club, bowling alley and casino are all at the reception end of the complex set around a nice pond with fountains etc, that means all the noise is kept away form the rooms that are arranged in low (2 floors) buildings along a central path leading to the beach. The complex is so big that they have a shuttle trolley bus driving around all day and into the evening stopping at the rooms and pools and reception area. The pools are large and free form, we only had trouble with finding a sunbed over new year when the hotel was packed but like everywhere people put out towels very early to get the best spot. The beach is about 10 miles of white sand with gentle waves and roped off safe areas, but loads of watersports and people about so plenty to watch. All the hotels along here seem to be all inclusive on a wrist band security system, if you have teenagers they get a different colour band but can still get alcohol if they are sneaky! Younger kids had entertainment in a club house that was very well organised and good english spoken. The bowling alley and range of activities kept ours busy all day. Sailing and snorkelling and boogie board hire is free but motor watersports are charged. They have a climbing wall with supervison from trained staff - take socks and trainers as they didnt have many size climbing shoes. The shows at night are the usual music and dancing from the entertainment team but OK. The gym looked modern but much too like hard work, but we did use the massage tables! The family rooms are clean and large enough with 2 doubles and a sofabed , all had tv fridge and safe. Nice furnishings , plenty of hot water and more room in the room than we ave been used to.Like any dom rep hotel we suffered from the manyana system, things are slow and the staff are great but just dont get the idea that we expect quick service. We gave up trying to get a plug in our bathroom sink after 10 days Americans seemed to get results with tipping all the barmen but the wait at the bars was not long and the staff were superb. The all inclusinve bar drinks does include all brands like jack daniels systemand real baileys . The staff were friendly and smiling from 8 am through to closing. The hotel has a photography centre with professional snappers, take my advice and get some shots done - they were brilliant, they will book you in for group photos or set up pictures on the beach as well as impromptu pics - you only pay for those you like. They have an internet cafe and wifi on a pay per day basis too. The only complaint we had in 2 weeks is the noise level- wherever there is music it is on full blast. teh bowling alley was like a rave, the bars were full volume all day from 9 am, even new years day the music came on at 9 am! not great after a heavy night. The entertainment team use a PA system that gets really annoying when they are doing games in or near the pool. The best advice is join in or sit by the beach which is 2 mins walk to the bar but out of range from the PA. My husband and friends played golf and went deep sea fishing- only 1 fish in 6 hrs and safety and comfort is not up to scratch. Golf can be arranged through the conceirge to championship courses nearby with a txi service and green fees extra.Book the tropical storm catamaran boat day trip its fun and good to get out of the complex for a day. The shops nearby along the beach sell local souvenirs and beach clothes but the nearest village has posh shops but is really a shanty town and not worth the taxi ride.You will not need to leave Ocean at all and will not want to come home! Book it.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>YFH
<Content>Loved every moment       view of the villas  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>frmgrl
<Content>fantrastic time at ocean sand we just got back and had an amazing time. First off we had emailed the resort that we were traveling with friends who were celebrating a special occasion and if possible requested an ocean view. They were given a corner room 3rd floor villa 5 with a corner deck and the most fantastic view. We had the garden bush view which was fine with us as we are always on the beach. Staff were very friendly and went out of their way to help us with our Spanish. We did notice some guests getting rude with staff as they did not speak English and we always felt like asking why when one travels to a foreign country is the expectation that they speak English??? Having said that we found most spoke/understood what we were trying to ask. Enjoyed the food was able to get fresh seafood no matter where we ate. Saturday evening is the Dominican theme night at the buffet we were lucky as the Saturday we were there it was served throughout the kitchen and it was spotless.Enjoyed the freedom to decided on a la cartes as we felt like not by when one could get a reservation. Yes some nights we had to wait ...but so you go and have a drink . Never did any of the shows we enjoyed the lobby bar and usually all that sun played us out.Us too had our battery go in the safe took about 10-15 minutes to get fixed and then had to replace safe door but again willing to work around our schedule. Forgot one day to lock safe and nothing was taken so can say we had very honest staff.Bar staff willing to make anything, and accomodate any requests.Beach is one of the most beautiful I have been on very clean loved not having to worry or watch out for rocks what a treat!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Laceyp
<Content>Not a bad place Mostly we travel with another couple. My wife's cousin and his wife. Over the past several years we have been to St. Martin, Cuba, Mexico, Nassau and now Punta Cana. On the whole the Ocean Sand is probably the best hotel we have stayed at although not the best room. In a nutshell I would say the Ocean Sand is a 4.5 star hotel with 3.5 star rooms and 2.5 star guests. As it turns out the guests we encountered were the loudest so far but I judge them from the bar at night not during the day. The hotel grounds are beautiful. The staff was always friendly and accommodating probably because we talked to them as equals and tipped a buck for each trip to the table with 4 drinks. If my wife and I were alone I kept to the same rule. Keep in mind these people (from conversations with them) work up to 16 hour days for 15 days and then get 3 days off. They make on average $350.00 per month. That works out to around a buck an hour. The food ( mostly dinner) was up and down. Breakfast is always my favourite meal of the day and they served a wide variety of dishes, including made to order eggs and crepes. I pigged out on smoked salmon most mornings followed by a couple of fried eggs, bacon, sausages and potatos. Most days we skipped lunch ( I wonder why after that large breakfast) but at the beach buffet they had great hamburgers and hot dogs. Did have dinner one night at the Italian Restaurant but I was the only one that enjoyed the meal (Beef Filet). The evening buffet was a hit and miss (for me). Not the best I've had but not the worst either. Everyone seems to rave about Mike's and I guess I am no exception. The hot chocolates were great. I never tried the coffee as it always upsets my stomach outside Canada, where Tim Hortons is the only decaff I can drink. I make my coffee the French Press Method and am pleased to say that this is also the way Mike's make theirs, which is probably why most people rave about it.Never tried the bowling alley as it always seemed to be busy with the amount of young people staying at this particular time. The Ocean Hotels as with most of the hotels in Punta Cana are two hotels in one. On the left side was the Ocean Blue and the right side the Ocean Sand. I have no idea why they do this as both sides share the same facilities. Also most of the hotels appear to be (like the Ocean) built back from the beach so there are almost no ocean view rooms and all the building are 3 or 4 stories high. At the Ocean there were 10 buildings. The superior rooms are in buildings 6 at Ocean Blue and 10 in Ocean Sand which are closest to the beach. My wife and I were in building 8 which was in the middle. I read one review which said although there is a trolley service running the circuit from the beach to the main lobby it was faster to walk. I must agree as we never used it once. I think most people that did use it got it by chance and did not plan on it as I never really saw anyone sitting on the benches provided for passenger pickup. If you want to strike out on your own.... you can hire a cab and driver for about $135.00 for the day. We did and as there were 4 of us it worked out just great. Do I regret going....no. Would I go back...no. Punta Cana I found to be boring with little to do or see but if you want some place to just relax and sit and vegetate then it's a class A act. Before closing, it rains a lot albeit usually only for 10 minutes at a time and usually at night. The hotel provides an umbrellas in each room. Only draw back was our plane was an hour late arriving and ..... SIX hours late leaving. From what I found out this is common. The airport ran out of airplane fuel so most of the flights had to land somewhere else on the way back to refuel which threw their schedules way out This made our flight time 6 hours instead of the 4 it was supposed to be. In our case it was Nassau where, by the way my wife and I stayed in December. I hope the information I've provided will be of help to you and remember people differ not only in appearance but in needs and wants and this review is only my opinion. I'd be happy to answer any questions you might have bearing in mind again it will only be my opinion.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lovejunior
<Content>Absolutely Loved it!!!       On the beach  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>StoshOntario
<Content>Beautiful resort       punta cana  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>jueUk
<Content>Really Dirty Swimming Pool My husband and our two children stayed at this resort 30/1 until 13/2 2008.The blue area pool is filthy the floor is all slippery under foot on the dark blue bits where is has not been washed and when you put your googles on and look OH MY GOD plasters and all sorts of nasty things.The buffett gets boring and when you try to get a table in the other restaurants you have to wait as you can not make reservations.My daughter left her trainers in the beach bar restaurant one day and when we went back to get them they were gone, we asked the staff but they had no interest. Two people had there rooms robed while we were there so make sure you lock your patio door with the pin through the middle, it wont fit you will have to lift doors to make it fit.Maids come and clean your rooms very late about 5pm so it is not ideal to have a resy late afternoon as they come and disturb you.Kids club is very standard and the same thing day in day out.The yellow pool gets very loud with adults doing drinking games in the afternoon and the swim up bar is very busy.The beach is dirty and not cleaned qhite a bit of glass and it is not a private beach so gets very busy, the shaded areas are very tired and most have no shade on them.We have travelled to lots of 5star hotels and we have never had to hustle for sunbeds around the pool and beach you do here.If you like luxury and quality do not stay here you will be disappointed.The beach is really windy all the time and the sea choppy.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Kristine04
<Content>Wedding at Ocean Sand! Loved it!       Buffet  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>dlk5
<Content>2 Names - 1 Resort We just returned from a week at Ocean Sand (5 in the family - 3 children 10, 12, and 15) Our stay was OK. The grounds were nice, clean and the weather was lovely. The food was okay except there was no variety. The same foods for breakfast, if there was any food left over from lunch was used for the snacks in the buffet on the beach. Some of the staff was friendly and helpful and others were indifferent. We had a problem with our room the morning after we arrived and it took about 5 hours to fix. (No toilet available and 5 people in a room is not nice). They took a most of the day to clean our room. We would leave for breakfast at around 9:30, return around 10:30, get ready and go to the pool for the day. One of us would return to the room at some point in the afternoon and find that the room was not clean. On average it was around 3 before the room was cleaned. We returned one day at around 4 and it still wasn't done. I find it very interesting that Ocean Sand is rated #24 out of all the hotels in Punta Cana and Ocean Blue is rated # 20. They are the same hotel. The only difference is that there are two strips of Villas. Villas 1 to 6 are Ocean Blue and Villas 7 to 10 are Ocean Sand. The facilities, restaurants, pools, beach is all the same, except when you check in there are two different receptions.When I was quoted prices for Ocean Sand and Ocean Blue - separately, I was quoted two different prices. There are two different travel companies that deal with the Ocean. Signature advertises Ocean Sand and another company advertises Ocean Blue. The prices I received were about $1,000 difference (for the same place).Would I recommend this place to anyone? Probably not.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>CaribooCalling
<Content>Complimentary Stay - A - Okay!       4 poster bed  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PhiladelphiaPat
<Content>Clean  I vacationed at the Ocean Blue resort from 1/21 to 1/25/08, after reading many unfavoriable reviews, I had a wonderful vacation. I vacationed with a group of ladies(19) to be exact, we had an excellent time! our rooms were very clean and the lighting was fine. The food at the buffet was excellent as well as the many resturants, the pool and beach were very clean. We used the safe in the room without any problem, the power went out while they were setting up for a pool side cocktail party and our safe did not pop open, as I read in previous reviews. Go and have a wonderful time!!!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bpye15
<Content>Not a good experience at all1 I stayed at Ocean Sand with the wedding party from KDeller. What a terrible vacation. Not only did the things go wrong she listed, but also the following: maintenance took a long time to respond to calls to replace light bulbs in rooms, fix shower hoses that had been slit, and to fix leak in ceiling in room. Average number of calls it took to get maintenance to respond was 5 calls and took up to 4 hours to respond. Our last night there, I had a leak in our room ceiling, pouring water and the gyprock had already started to come down too due to the amount of water coming down. We called 3 times to get someone to come fix it and was told each time someone was already there responding! Ah, no. It took over an hour and the last call I was told to call back in the morning. When I asked why I needed to wait for the morning, I was told that was when I could get the bottle of water I was asking for! I'm not kidding. They thought our panic was for a bottle or water, not matter how many times they were told water was coming from the ceiling. Bed bugs galore in the couchs/chaise lounges in rooms, cock roach seen on buffet table, food disgusting, no English from staff, not enough staff to handle volumns of people etc.Overall, a disappointment for all of us. Not recommended to anyone to go there.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>kdeller
<Content>What Didn't Go Wrong?? I was married at this resort, 40 of our friends and family were with us for a week.The staff at the resort sexually assaulted two of our guests.The photo package for the wedding wasn't worth the price. You are not given any negatives or means of duplicating your photos once you get home.The wedding cake was a disaster.We paid to have a restaurant reserved for our wedding reception, which was not the case. Other guests of the hotel were dining with us and disrupting the reception.The management had no remorse for the actions of their staff.The maid service was inconsistent, fridges not always stocked, towels not always replaced and sand not swept off the floor.Kids club was never anywhere they were supposed to be, and it was not easy to locate their hours and activities. On three seperate occasions they were not in the office when it was posted that they would be.The wedding coordinator was too busy, and met us 2 hours late the day before the wedding and cancelled the rehersal because she didnt have time. This resulted in a very unorganized wedding ceremony.The wedding started late due to photographers and audio equipment being late.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	2	1	4	

<Author>RosellaRussia
<Content>Rosella, Russia We spent two weeks in Ocean Sand, two families - 4 adults and 4 children.We all enjoyed our holiday and have no big complaints for the hotel and service.The main remark and problem we had, which was not solved for 5 days, was internet wireless network. We have paid for internet 75 US$ and were not able to access internet from our rooms last 5 days of the holiday. Even we insisted the problem to be solved several times a day, it was not repaired and we were not compensated for that.The cieaning in the rooms needs to be improved (glass in shower and windows are not cleaned at all).  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sungoddesss
<Content>Ocean Sand is our favourite My husband and 6 year old son were at Ocean Sand from Dec. 20th to the 27th and we enjoyed it very much. We ended up at Ocean Sand after having to cancel our booking at Colony Bay because the resort wasn't ready.We have absoluetely no complaints about the ocean sand. I had emailed the resort prior to arriving and we got upgraded to the Elite Club however we had a room facing the back of the resort. Having arrived at 3:00am because of airplane problems, we went to bed. The next morning I spoke with the Manager Joel who was very accomodating. At 3:00^pm the bell boy was moving us to a perfect room (the 2nd from the end of the building closest to the beach) with a pool and ocean view. We were in building 10 on the Ocean Sand side room 10204 and it had an amazing view!!! The room was always very clean and very spacious with lots of dressers and closet space to put your clothes away. As for the lighting I have no complaints, it is a bit on the dim side however it is fine.This is our third time to Punta Cana therefore the beach is as amazing as ever. At Ocean Sands the pools are also amazing. Two huge pools with lots of chairs and umbrellas. We were there over Christmas and even if the resort was at capacity we never had a problem finding a lounging chair at the pool or at the beach. Yes there are some tiles missing in the pools and it will eventually need repaired however it is not cause for complaint. The only complaint we have is not with the resort or it's workers. The people are genuine, friendly and always gave us excellent service. The complaint is with some of the tourists who visit these places and unfortunately I must say it was a Torontonian!! At the pool bar, there was a young man (maybe early 20's) who parked himself on the stool at 9:00 am drinking, using absolutely foul language, loud, but to top it off at 2:00pm still there, at this point having a hard time standing and spitting in the pool several times. That is absolutely disgusting and disgraceful!!!The food to our opinion was very good. The buffet breakfast was excellent. For lunch we always at the beach grill and yes it was repetitive but always good. (Salads, french fries, fresh burgers and hot dogs, pizza and lots more) which is perfect for lunch! Dinners, this is the part that we quite enjoyed. You do not reserve your a la carte restaurants, you just show up and you can go as often as you like. The Mexican was good but don't expect the same Tacos or fajitas like they are made at home. The Italian and Dominican were excellent and the American was quite nice to have somewhat of a copy of American foods. The longest we had to wait to get into a restaurant was about 10 minutes but we always tried to go for dinner in between 6:30 and 7:00pm. They seemed to be busier after but who cares, you are on vacation!!!! They have little tables outside to sit and wait till they call your name, go to the Lobby Bar and get a drink! Cheers!The Lobby bar is awesome, big and comfortable!!! It's quite refreshing to be able to get premium liquors at pretty much any bar. They had Grand Marnier, Bayleys, Corona , Bacardi.They have tons of activities for kids, teens and adults if you want to participate. We did not go to the bowling alley but heard it was good. I did a beach massage which was well worth it.They have about 5 or 6 staff photographers that go around the resort and take pictures. We booked a session with them and got awesome family pictures all around the resort, dressed in nice clohes and then beach shots....what a wonderful souvenir.As said previously this was our 3rd time to Punta Cana. We had stayed at the Bahia Principe and the Punta Cana Princess. The size of the Ocean Sands, the service, the food, the pools and activities have made it our favourite and we are contemplating returning again.PS. I do have another complaint and I will post it in the forum. It is in regards to the amount of garbage that travellers leave at the Punta Cana airport. Go read it and keep it going!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Sandy18
<Content>Had a Blast @ Ocean Sands!!! We were 2 families, each having a teenage kid - stayed at Ocean Sand (junior suite) during the week of Dec 22nd. We had an amazing time there from the very beginning. check in - had no problem checking in...it was smooth and were transported to our villa # 9 in the golf cart along with our luggage. we were in the room within 30 minutesRoom - was great..comfortable beds, didnt try the jacuzzi as we tried it in the Pool which was great. we had put everything in the safe which is in the closet and it was SAFE. No complaints.Pool - very clean...couple tiles were missing and some parts were a bit slippery but apart from that, a dip in the pool was very refreshing. The pool bar was always stocked and the bartenders were more than willing to serve.Beach - It was our first time in the ocean....loved it!! very clean beach, aqua green water....didnt want to come back. there was no problem getting the chairs at the beach or pool even at the peak times. beach towels were provided any time you ask, up until 4 pm.Service - Excellent. Our cleaning lady was very accomodating...twice in the week we came back to our room from the beach to change and she waited for us and came back and completed her job - not with a frown but a big smile on her face. I had bought lots of stuff from the dollar store for the kids...notebooks, pencils, crayons, small toys, girlie purses, clips etc plus we used to leave a dollar bill as well for her every other day. It is not mandatory to tip but we did it coz they were always trying to please. Food - we tried Mexican on our first day - real good food - loved the enchiladas. The next day we went to Route 66 - another good restaurant. Overall the food was good but repetitive in buffet lunches though. The Italian one was good too. My daughter did feel heart burn/nausea on the last day....but that could have been from being too much in sun or from our trip to Saona island (must do excursion)Entertainment - this resort has lot of activities during day time - aqua gym, bikini contest, beer competition, etc around the pool area. We attended the theatre for night entertainment - they have nice shows - they did 'Chicago musical one day which was amazing. Overall you will not get bored. It is worth every penny.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>oscar7680
<Content>Liked some parts, disliked others Our party of 4 (2 couples in our late 20s) stayed at the Ocean Sands for 2 weeks at the beginning of August 2007. We had a nice holiday but there were certain things that we feel the hotel could improve on. I will start with the positives:beach and sea are niceentertainment staff are friendly and professional and make you feel welcome. Mike's coffee shop and the American diner are good.The food in the buffet was of a high standard and there was always a good choice. The 'show' evening where they serve the food in the kitchen was fantastic. The disco had a good atmosphere, although the music catered more for the South American clientele! The saxophonist in the lobby bar in the evening was cool. Our room was nice. We were in the Elite club (villa 6), nearest to the ocean and we were lucky enough to have adjacent rooms. By the way we did not pay extra to be in this villa. Our room was clean and we always had hot water. The train was cool and we enjoyed hopping on that!The weather was fantastic. 2 weeks of non-stop glorious sunshine. Things that we did not like:The staff on reception were not helpful and did not make us feel welcome. We had to wait ages for our room and once we had trudged down to our villa (a long walk) our key didn't work and I had to wait a long time for it to be sorted out. All I wanted was to get out of my sweaty tracksuit and unpack!!!The service in the buffet was terrible. Many times we had to set our own table. The waiters would ask us if we wanted a drink but would forget to bring them to us. The service at the bars was terrible too. Sometimes my friend and I would wait for up to 15 minutes to be served. I am someone who likes to tip but only for decent service. It felt like you needed to tip just to get noticed. I hate that. The food at the Italian restaurant was mediocre and again the service was no great shakes. Furthermore the only way to get a table was to go at 6:30pm when it opened because they operate a first come first served policy. We didn't bother with the Dominican restaurant. You only got 2 beers at the beginning of your stay and no other alcohol in the room. Luckily we won a few bottles of rum for our sporting prowess and this was what we drunk whilst getting ready for the evening or playing cards!!! If this is your first time on this sort of holiday then I'm sure you'll love it. However, if like us you've been to other resorts such as the Iberostars or Rius then you may find the service and attention to detail in this resort somewhat lacking.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lauraj157
<Content>The Great, The Good, The Bad and The Wedding!!       In the Honeymoon Suite  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>DerbyshirePalms
<Content>Wish we were still at the Ocean Sand       View From Our Room - Villa 9. Beach Bar In Far Centre  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mort5
<Content>Wow!!! We loved the Ocean Sand We were at the Ocean Sand from Nov. 12th to the 18th. We went with four adults and three teens. I was a little concerned for the teens because they were looking to do some partying and I had heard that this place was more for families. Our teens, ages 16 to 18 had a blast. They say it was the best holiday of their life. The sports bar and the disco kept them entertained at night. We were fortunate in that they met up with other teens that they became very close to very quickly. Some of them will probably be friends for life. Our room was more than I expected, one of the nicest I have seen. It was always clean and the fridge was always stocked. A dollar tip with a thank you note seemed to help. The staff were always helpful, friendly, polite and happy to see you. The grounds were unbelievably spotless and beautiful. The food choices were overwhelming. If someone complained about the food, then they picked the wrong items for themselves. There are hundreds of choices at the buffet. The drinks were flowing from early morning till 2am. You can order any drink from water, beer, Baileys, Drambui, but don't forget to try the Mamauana.........only a few or you won't remember the rest of the day. Overall, I would have to say that this is the nices resort I have seen. There is nothing that I can think of , that any other resort might have that would have improved our holiday. I would definately recommend this resort.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>FocusST
<Content>Great holiday My partner and I and 2 friends returned from Ocean Sand on the 20th of December. We upgraded to First class on the First Choice flight which was great.Arrived at Punta Cana airport which all went smoothly, within half hour we had our luggage and was on the bus to our resort. The journey to Ocean Sand was about 35 minutes from the airport. Check in at the resort was quite quick as well, you are given your room number and your bags are bought to you within 15-20 minutes.The choice of food is fantastic, there is a main buffet, Route 66 (burgers, ribs, steak), Italian (pasta, lasagne), Mexican (tacos, fajitas), there were two other restaurants but I can't comment on them as we didn't use them as you have to pay a supplement. The coffee shop (Mike's Coffee) is a must, make sure you order the cheesecake!! There is also a Sports Bar which shows various sports and has a pool table.Staff were very friendly and its not necessary to tip, we tipped in total about $15 for the whole 2 weeks we were there.The beach is very nice, fairly busy but there were always plenty of sun beds available, same goes for the pool. If you walk towards the beach and to the left, you will come across some beach huts which sell a bit of everything - cigarettes, water sports, excursions, wooden models, henna tattoos etc.....The guys there can be quite annoying they shout out at you to get your attention, the best thing to do is either ignore them by not even looking by the huts or walk to the right of the beach instead!There is a dive school on the beach as well as my partner and our friend did their advanced open water PADI course but they did say there isn't an awful lot of fish to see. We had previously read in other reviews before we went away about how things were stolen from their rooms, we had no problems at all, we used the safe in the wardrobe which was perfectly ok. The rooms were quite big, we had 2 queen size beds and a sofa bed for the two of us! The jacuzzi bath was great. The only problem with the room was it smelt musty sometimes so you always had to keep the AC on which wasn't a problem but sometimes it got too cold! People have also mentioned about the poor lighting in the rooms, to be honest we never found this a problem, they could have done with being a little brighter but they were fine for us. There is also a TV in the room, plenty of storage space for clothes as well.The shop on the resort grounds sold a lot of different stuff including sun cream (approx $13 a bottle), cigarettes ($35 for 200), crisps, chocolate bars, every kind of medicine you can think of, souvenirs etc. There is also a jewellers, cigar shop and a small clothes shop. We went to the bowling alley which was good fun, and upstairs they have 4 pool tables.We never went to any shows or the disco so I am unable to comment on them.Please be aware that the resort grounds get very slippery when it rains as I found out! There is a shuttle bus that runs round the resort which is very handy when its raining.Quite a few locals turn up at the weekends so the pool tends to be a bit busier and they seem to all sit by the swim up bar which makes it a bit akward to get drinks.Overall we had a good holiday and would recommend it  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>cvinzenz
<Content>Unfortunate weather, great club! We just came back December 17, 2007. We had a great time, rooms were fantastic, staff were great, drinks were excellent!We unfortunately had some rough weather while there but you can't blame the club.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cvanoostrom
<Content>2 Weeks, Plus Wedding, Loved It       lobby, not great photo,.. looks better in real  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tim_JanAshville_NY
<Content>Absolutely loved the "Ocean Sands"!       Sunrise..gorgeous every morning  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thehogans
<Content>Just back but want to go again!!! Myself and my husband just returned this morning from a fantastic week at the Ocean Sands resort. We have been to quite a few all inclusive resorts, including another one in Dominican Republic, and this was the best by far! The resort is huge which gives you the impression that it's not all that busy (which it is!), the food was outstanding, the service second to none and the beach was to die for! I honestly had no complaints at all (besides the fact I have a stone to lose in time for Xmas because I ate so well). I cannot understand how anybody could come away and give this place a bad report. If you're thinking about this as a possible destination I would say GO FOR IT!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>faarttour
<Content>loved Ocean Blue/sands Forty four of us arrived back on Sunday, November 25th. We were a mixture of people from Toronto, Calgary,Montreal and Jamestown, New York. This was our 10th year in a row of travel as a group and we 95 per cent agreed that Ocean Sands was the best resort yet. We have previously stayed at Riu s in Punta Cana,riu s on Mexican Riviera and other properties in Puerto Plato,Puerto Vallarta,Jamaica,Barbados and St Lucia. We have a chart and rate beach,pools,rooms,service,bars, activities and restaurants and Ocean Sands was highest yet. Weather is not a factor as that is out of every ones control. i would be happy to answer any questions  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>WainfleetTraveller
<Content>Loved the Oceans Sands We have been to Punta Cana many times in the past and this by far was the best resort we have stayed at. The food was excellent, especially the steak at the Italian and the ribs at Route 66. The pool, rooms and restaurants were all very clean and neat. We had a room in building 10 facing the pool and the ocean and it had a jacuzzi tub and a king size bed. We could see them cleaning the pool from our room every morning, so we knew it was safe for swimming. Mikes was the best, we went there everynight after supper for our cappucinos and dessert, it has a really nice atmosphere. My only complaints were the room could have had better lighting and the time share people at the main buffet, but thats their job and their offices are right adjacent to the buffet so thats why they are always bugging you there. The staff everywhere were very friendly, the maids work hard and the help in the restaurants was fantastic, and the bartenders were the best, if you gave them a tip the first night they remembered who you were and you would get great service for the rest of the week.The main buffet for breakfast was excellent, the buffet at the beach had the same food everyday but it hads enough variety that you could still find something different everyday. We didn't have the best weather but that we had no control over, we made the best of it. All in all we had a great weeks holidays and would recommend the Ocean Sands as a great place to go.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>michellejo
<Content>All 14 of us would return without hesitation! Great vacation!       singing in the rain  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1step
<Content>not likely to return Our family vacation took us to this resort this year. We have owned timeshares since 1993 and take four vacations a year.I mention this only to let you know I am not bias against the Ocean Blue. The buildings, ,beach and grounds are beautiful. The food in general is not worth the price. The resturants were of very poor quality. The bright spot was Mikes coffee shop. Very few employees spoke any English. Seeing my wife trying to get Q-tips was very amusing, but in vain. Sign language just made them angry. Bring lots of cash!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You would think that the resort would make it easy for you to get money, no way. We ran out of cash, had to find a Banco Popular bank. You need your passport to get a cash advance on your credit card. The resort has a cash machine that pays out in pesos. They pay out at a low rate, then exchange at a higher rate,you lose! Try to get change of a $20.00 bill, not happening!This resort is in a 3rd world country. You don't want to go off the grounds without an escort. The country is about 20 years behind the rest of the area. We will not be coming back to the Dominican Republic!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hugoannie
<Content>Not for us So to counter this review, let me say that a lot of people at the resort really seemed to enjoy their holiday. We were there for a wedding and we had a great group of people to spend time with, so that part of our trip was fab. But most people in our group had many of the minor problems we did.Added up, it made for not a great resort - not for us anyway.The good:Mamajuana (make sure its well 'soaked')The lobby is beautiful. Alexandre at the lobby bar loves his job!Loved the look of 'restuarant row'Mike's really is that goodThe sand is soft, water is WARM!!The vendors are handy for trinket shopping.Bartenders are among the friendliest we've encountered.We had pictures taken in the water, with the animals, etc with the pro photgraphers on staff.Route 66 was good, as were pizza and burgers and the breakfast selection (although not what we went on vacation to eat)The bad:After checking us in, the Front desk was very unhelpful. We had requested a king bed and an upper floor. When we received neither we asked to switch rooms. After 4 different people told us different stories and kept telling us to come back later, we gave up after a day, unpacked and settled in.The room (9121) was equivalent to a Motel 6. Poor lighting (yes we knew from the reviews it would be bad, but....), dirty bathroom (broken tiles, mold), a smell way beyond its the tropics musty in the room, and when the air conditioning finally kicked in, it couldn't be turned off. It was just not equal to other '4 1/2' star resorts we've been to in Mexico and Cuba. Not as nice as the 3 star hotel we stayed in in Mexico.We found a 'straight razor' blade sitting our bed one afternoon, after the room had been cleaned - definately not ours.Most people in our group were locked out of their room at least once - it was not an issue with the keys, as the maids couldn't get in either. Instead the technicians had to be called to fix the locks. The mini bar includes beer only on the first day.Dinners were not tasty, nor relaxing. I have never been in a louder series of restaurants (more of an issue with out of control kids - or their parents - than the resort)We had dinner at La Bodega ($200 for 4 people, including 2 bottles) and while the environment was quiet and the wines were good, the dinner was nothing special.The pools are big, but they are dirty and very moldy. Didn't see anyone cleaning them all week. All in all, we had fun: went horseback riding, golfing and deep sea fishing; drank lots of rum, splashed around in the ocean and had lots of siestas. We won't go back to Ocean Sand/Blue, and will continue to seek out adults-only all-inclusives.We would rank this resort 3 1/2 stars, definately not 4 1/2...  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	4	-1	

<Author>ryan_christen
<Content>Awesome resort, awesome people!       Halloween at the buffet  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>greekstar
<Content>Great services!! I was a little scared about the property because some of the reviews were not good,but my husband and I are very happy to let you know that the hotel facilities, meals and service where great .As a native of the caribbean I can tell you that the beach is one of the best I've ever seen.The staff was great they treat us like Kings!.Some of my sugestions for anybody who want to goto Punta Cana are:- Check the property webside, good deals for AAA members and ASRP.-This property has two hotels the one that we choose was the Ocean Blue.-Avoid high season (june to august)better rate later on and the whole hotel just for you!-Always remember that you are not at home, you are in another country so be open mind and don't expect the people to read your mind, if you need something ask politely and bring your dictionary .(Not everybody speak english outside of your country so take time to learn about other cultures:) )-The most important enjoy, is a wondefull country with beautifull beaches!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>keith69
<Content>you will love it i garantee!!!! just been to the ocean sands for 2 weeks stayed from 2/10/07 for 2 weeks,myself,wife  13 year old son luke,i am not the best at writing reviews so will be brief,the rooms are big and spacious,the buffet restaurant is also big with loads of variety,omlettes etc,the themed restaurants are brill like going out to a different restaurant every night,two large pools with bars on each,great beach bar  restaurant ,you will not go hungry or thirsty at this hotel,food excellant.you can have all the drinks you get in england,johnnie walker,jb,wyhtemckay,vat 69,baileys,bacardi,smirnoff,countroi,even champagne,corona,budweiser,etc,the bowling alley is great,but could do with some more balls,they have air hockey,ping pong,football game and good music,the beach is beautiful with soft powder like sand,me and my son went on the quad bike trip this was really good fun and the guy looked after the young riders well worth the money my son loved it,the gardens and hotel areas are immaculate,the staff dont stop working all day long.i must say the waiters/waitresses are absolutaly excellent and genuine,a dollar tip will go a long way,cant praise them enough,now for the icing on the cake,mikes coffe bar,we would leave the beach at about 5 and make our way to mikes for a beautiful cake and coffee the cakes are to die for the coffee is fantastic with big leather chairs the perfect place to unwind after a hard days sun bathing,no need to take towels,i did take a power converter from 110 to 230 volts max watts 100 this powered the wifes ghd straightners no problem(phew from e-bay)all in all fantastic value for money and will probably be going back next year as made some great friends,great food great drinks great beach (great coffee bar) trust me im english you will love it.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>brownislandgirl
<Content>Soaking up sun and sand at Ocean Sands! Ocean Blue and Sands Resort was Def a 4 out of 5. I just got back and my husband and I had a lovely time. Please do yourself a favor and don't read the negative reviews but at the same time don't have high expectations either. Remember, this is island life, there will be issues that one is not usually used to if you live in the western world. Food and water is different so eat and drink in moderation, give yourself time to adjust. Understand there will the odd blackout as we had experienced but it added to our adventure and never lasted long. Sometimes water pressure was low so hard to get hot water thru your shower faucet but you would have to have a cold shower which is nice in hot weather but hot water was always available for the tub. It really did not bother us at all, like I said, you just adjust.The resort and staff were friendly and smiling all the time. The odd time the service slacked went it was busy and they are overwelmed, mostly when the local Dominicans come in on the weeked, it is very busy then but adds to the atmosphere!The rooms were beautiful and big. The balcony huge and great views. We were in Villa 7, room 7305, request it if you like. As soon as I arrived I put a big smile to reception and told them I wanted the best room in town!!! Your attitude is important to them too, staff can make or break your stay. He gave us a wondeful room.The food good but lacked a little variety. We loved the general buffet Restaurant the best, more variety and you can sit and chat at your table for as long as you want. At the a la cartes we felt a little more pressured to eat and leave.We took a tour outside to Saona Island, a def must see! We payed 80US per person but well worth the ride. Bring insect repellent if you are doing this tour, lots of sand flies. Overall, an excellent tour.We had a great time overall at Ocean Sands, right now the lobby is under construction so I would book later when that is all done, I am sure it will look lovely. Go and have a great time and remember to keep an open mind and you will have the best time! Also, this hotel is not a singles party palace, more for RnR and for couples and families in my opinion.Ola, enjoy! Please feel free to email with any questions!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>luvthecubs
<Content>Ocean Blue - From Illinois Would return again! A group of us girls stayed at the Ocean Blue from Oct 10-15th (booked thru Apple Vacations) for a birthday celebration and we had a terrific time. The resort and grounds were beautiful, the beach was gorgeous and it was a good time of year to go as it was not too crowded. Weather was awesome...rained only at night for about a 1/2 hour at a time and that was it. The employees were very friendly and accomodating and made us feel welcome. The room itself was mediocre...the lighting was horrible, we could not see anything in the room at night time because of the very dim flourescents they use, we did have hot water every day (in villa 4) but the pressure was pretty slight but it accomplished us getting our showers nonetheless. I thought the food was very good, the Casa de mi Abuela was awesome, the shrimp is what we had and it was very good. The Mexican restaurant was also very good. The breakfast buffets were impressive and a lot to choose from and all was very good.The disco was a lot of fun, the locals and the workers there were so friendly and fun to dance with. Sports bar was also fun on karaoke night. We did the snorkel tour where you drive the little James Bond type speed boats and had a great time....our snorkel tour was great, we saw lots of fish and coral reefs..highly recommend this. Also take the Dominican Cigar factory tour...very interesting. All in all we had an awesome time and would return again!!! This resort appears to be very family friendly too, so you can have a good time as a group of adults or with your family.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>sooty
<Content>Excelllent in 2006 but definately gone doown hill in 2007 We stayed here in May 2006 and had a wonderful time and as we were both in need of a nice quiet break again in September 2007, we booked to come back as we knew (thought we knew) what we were coming to as the last thing we wanted was any stress by turning up to a hotel with problems. However this was not the case.We travelled with First Choice again. Great flight, nice roomy seats etc. Definateley the best travel airline we have travelled on for long haul.Arrived at the hotel all great UNTIL WE WENT TO GET A NICE SHOWER BEFORE DINNER. No hot water pressure, just a dribble coming out of the tap, and then sometimes nothing. Room otherwise fine so no complaints, thought all would be OK the next day.Went to the tour reps meeting and listed the water as a problem and also saw someone getting compensated for not hot water for 10 days and someone else moving hotel room in the hope of some hot water. Checked with the rep and found out that there was a problem but should be fixed soon. (We found out from Guest Services when we were checking out that the whole resort is affected and this was due to damamged pipes they thought but they cannot find the problem (as at 8th Oct). Everything else at the hotel was as before, food excellent, rooms nice (they were decorating some villa blocks while we were there but this did not affect us), and everything else seemd fine except for the beach restaurant not opening at night. I was a bit disappointed that the free catermeran was now only available for half hour a day whereas last year it was an hour but otherwise fine. No problems with the swimming pools and except for the problems I have written about all OK.2 days later we went to the lobby area and Mikes Coffee Bar (highly recommended) but were greeted by pneumatic drills. They were digging up half of the floor of the lobby knocking out the lobby bar and making the remainder of the lobby unusable due to all the dust  noise. (Not related to the Hot water problem thiugh we were told.) Perhaps no big deal except that the weather was rainy for a lot of the week and this meant that the only place you could sit was in your room or Mikes Coffee Bar. I was going stir crazy!!!!After 6 days, although the drilling work had stopped we still had no hot water so we requested to be moved for our second week by First Choice. The rep Jennifer Cole had been excellent thoughout and she arranged this for us straight away without quiibling. The hotel were great about it even paying the cost of the cab fare to the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and the extra money we had to pay to move to this slighly upgraded hotel. They seemed embarrassed by it all and it must be said they appeared to move anyone who wanted to move without quibbling.Would I recommend going there? Definately YES .......BUT make sure before you go from your travel company that the hot water problem is fixed. Overall the hotel is great but NOT WITHOUTANY HOT WATER TO WASH OFF THE SUN CREAMS!!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>2	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eagjr
<Content>Recommend this Place......NO. Where to start...13 of us traveled thru Apple Vacations (chose the 'elite' package) and upon arrival stopped at the Lobby Bar which was beautiful. Very open aired, music playing which set the tempo for what should of been the start of a great stay at Ocean Blue.I'm not the picky type, so I don't want to seem like it, but I just want to give you an idea as to what I, we and what other (thru conversation) went thru during our stay (9/30 - 10/7)....As someone mentioned, yes the Lobby Bar was indeed closed the 2nd day we were there,, don't know why they were breaking up that beautiful marble floor and never could get a straight answer... So that was unavailable for the whole week, and it was directly across from the restaurants.. a perfect place to meet before dinner.The restaurants,.. ah yes.. some were open and others were closed. Couldn't figure that out either, maybe the time of year? or maybe cause the hotel was at a 35% occupancy level? don't know. The Sports bar was a good place to hang..watched Football, Baseball and the enjoyed the Yankees getting beaten! ;o) oh ya Go Red Sox!The service in the restaurants was slow and, at one sitting the waiter couldn't figure out who ordered what, what was ordered, so finally we just took was brought out and ate.The coffee shop was a great place to go and have a decent cup of coffee and oh ya.. the Cheese Cake was nothing to ignore either. Some of the nights there was a Sax player playing and he was excellent!The pool was huge, with a couple of bars open,.. unfortunately there were no lights and it closed daily at 7pm. At that time they dumped alot of chemicals in it, so there was no way you'd want to jump in.The beach was nice, water was beautiful, very salty.. thought it was saltier then the Gulf of Mexico where my wife and I live, but it was nice.The Tiki Bar by the Pool was a good place to stop, have a drink of your choice and have a little fun with OMAR the Bartender.One thing I didn't see much of was tipping. Not just there,, but pretty much everywhere where there was service. Don't know why, but you know.... even though it's an All-Inclusive Vacation Package, there IS someone serving those drinks, cokes, water and Food.. a buck isn't going to hurt anyone.. we tipped and tipped pretty good at that.We did take a Snorkeling trip (arranged thru Apple), and it wasn't worth it (as mentioned in someone elses review). I've snorkeled in Cancun and it didin't compare... no bright coral colors, there were very few colored fish for that matter.Another day we went HorseBack Riding and Dune Buggying. Now THAT was a fun trip, especially the Dune Buggies. Came back soaken wet and covered with Mud. Well worth the money. Also played Golf.. Paid $131 for 18. The course was really a good one and the greens weren't bad either.. they only thing that bothered us was the sight of a guard on a few of the holes carrying either an AK-47 or machine gun. Protecting the welfare of the tourists? They were also scattered along the bus routes to the different activity locations.Oh yes... no HOT WATER for 6 days!! And couldn't get a straight answer on that one either from our 'elite' representative. Don't know about you.. but I like to take a warm / hot shower sometimes.All in all, we did have a good time, but we usually do when we travel together and we made the best of it.Don't drink the tap water, drink bottle water.. there's plenty of it.I appoligize for the lengthy review, but wouldn't you like to know what you're paying for thru someone else's experience instead of a travel agent that paints such a pretty picture??  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>gjgfl
<Content>Would Not Recommend This Resort We stayed in the Junior Suites. The first day we didn't have any water. The next 6 days we only had cold water with no water pressure. We only got 1 wash cloth and 1 hand towel a day and some of them looked like they were used to wash cars. We didn't get our refrigerator stocked on a regular basis. We got 2 beers on the first night and they were never replaced. The hotel lobby was beautiful when we checked in but that only lasted 1 night. They boarded it up and we got to hear jack hammers the next 2 days. Now this maintenance was scheduled so I think we should have been notified in advance so we could have made other arrangements. I can't complain about the food because it was good when the restaurants were open. Everyday we were given a paper telling us what was closed or on recess as they called it. There were always a couple of restaurants closed daily. The theater was never open. The only entertainment was 1 night in the conference room and it was really bad. The bowling alley was closed most of the week. The service in the elite room was poor. The bar service was good but we are also big tippers so it was to their advantage to treat us well. The people upstairs from us couldn't wait to leave. Unfortunately the morning they were leaving they opened the closet only to find that someone took their safe off the wall. They lost all their money and passports. It's was not a place I would recommend.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>socatrini
<Content>Nice hotel but lets be honest!!!!!!!!! Toronto, Canada Donna  Gary Sept 30th to Oct 7thMy husband and i just returned from this hotel and let me say that we found the staff to be very friendly the food was pretty good therewas always some place different to eat the pools nice and clean grounds well kept overall it was a good trip but i feel i need to leteveryone going to this hotel be aware that almost every day there wasa water shortage along with the fact that when the water did come back on it was always NO HOT WATER not just for us but the entire resort and this was every day that is really not acceptable when people pay they hard earn money to enjoy they stay i could not wait to get home to have a shower this is unheard of, the other point i want to make is make sure when you are taking those day trips that you ask about how long it all takes when they tell you 1 1/2 hours you can bet it will be 3 hours and not a wash room along the way to use ....there was many unhappy people at this resort ...i would like to thank our maid Santa for making my vacation.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kellyscott
<Content>Warning Gay Couples not Welcomed We were looking forward to our vacation at this resort. Another couple recommended this place and had no problem. We encounter problems when we check in starting with the bell men who stated that we had the wrong since there was only one bed. Then our key cards stop working. A maintenance tech was sent to check things out and found no problems. He was escorted by a security guard who stated that two men sharing the same room was not right. Needless to say this raised concern for our safety. The management seemed concern but the underling message they sent made it clear we were not welcomed.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>1	5	2	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>LIZINI
<Content>Would Definately Return One Day       View from the Lobby  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>hunti
<Content>Beautiful place had a great time!!! hi peeps,arrived on the 11sept left on the 25!flew from manchester great britain flew with thomas cook every thing was fine good flights.i'll keep it sweet the holiday over all was fantastic location,hotel,pools and beach where perfect.The bar staff are great keep the drink flowing day and night.Food the buffet was spott on couldn't fault it,the over resteraunts i'll leave that for you to decide!weather couldn't ask for any better, really hot! The one thing im not guner lie about is the entertainment it was Rubbish with a capital R,same thing every day for two weeks is enough to drive any one mad,but when its in spanish wow it was shocking.i found the spanish very ignorant people,fighting in the pool and being rude towards the women.apart from that yeah it was sound would recomend it to any one.****plus  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aligPlymouthEngland
<Content>one visit is enough very short review as martin ,maggie mia has said just as i would have only adding that dont ask for ground floor as are friends had a lot of bugs and frogs in there room as they water the gardens for hours.also there is no were to go outside unless you do a trip you wont see out side till you go back to airport.i like the north better.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>3msCoventry
<Content>Great Trip - Martin, Maggie, Mia Returned from the Ocean Sand/Blue on 5th September having had a wonderful time. Flew with First Choice which is in my opinion the best long haul carrier due to the extra legroom and seat back television. Getting through immigration at Punta Cana airport was painless and it is only a short coach journey to resort. Check in was efficient at hotel and room was available immediately.RoomTwo large beds and a sofa bed which was plenty for 2 adults and 1 child. Minibar in room stocked daily with pepsi, 7 up, and presidente beer. Room cleaned daily with new towels given. Air con very effective and had to turn off sometimes as it got to cold. Never had a problem with hot water or water pressure for the duration of the stay. As in previous reviews rooms are dark. However I did change to a proper lightbulb which helped, but most of the problem appeared to be the lampshades not letting the light out.Resort LayoutIf you imagine a square with the top being the lobby and restaurants, the bottom being the beach, the sides the villa's you stay in, with two massive swimming pools in the middle, this is the best way to describe it. Transport continually loops around the square for those who do not want to walk. We stayed in villa 9 which was nearer the beach which was absolutely beautiful white sand. The pool nearer the beach is where activities took place with the other pool being quieter. It is also worth mentioning that our swimwear did start to turn green due to chlorine in pools so don't wear expensive designer gear.FoodBreakfast - served in buffet restaurant with good choices including eggs and omelettes cooked to order.Lunch - served in buffet restaurant or beach restaurant. We only used beach restaurant which had burgers, hot dogs, pizza, fries everyday along with other selections.Dinner - Buffet restaurant excellent with lots of choices but did get repetitive in second week we were there. This is where the other restaurants came in handy. There was route 66 (american diner), Italian, Dominican, Mexican, and Carribean grill which you did not have to book and could go as many times as you want which is unusual for an all inclusive resort. Never had any problems getting in but be aware that some restaurants are not open everyday. Food in all was good with plenty of choice.Snacks - available from 11pm in sports bar.Must mention Mike's coffee shop, probably better than starbuck's and amazing cheesecake, no need to say much more as it is covered in other reviews.BarsTwo pool bars, lobby bar, sports bar all served a vast array of drinks. Note that they do have international brands but you have to ask by name. Bottles of Corona, bud, and bud light were available from all the bars if you asked, although they seemed to have a limited stock everyday and it ran out so was not available all the time.WeatherLow 30's everyday and be warned, I have dark skin and even with factor 30 I started to burn! Take plenty of sunscreen.TippingDid leave tips for maids, bartenders etc, but to be honest it does not appear to make a difference in the service you receive.BugsNo bugs in room and very few mosquito's as resort is sprayed daily.EntertainmentActivities staff work hard and activities go on all day which you are not pressured to participate in. They also put on shows in the theatre at night and although they try hard, not as good as other resorts we have been to. Music goes on in the lobby bar but is more geared towards older generation. Every so often karaoke took place in sports bar. There is a bowling alley to which you get one free game but found they had limited bowling balls especially for children.GeneralHave travelled extensively in the carribean and this is a good hotel for the money. Would recommend to anyone and would return if there was not so many other places to visit in the world.Met some great people, Hi to Danii and Aidy, Rachel and family.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eena
<Content>Superb value for money!! Stayed here with friends for two weeks. Absolutely beautiful. Food first class. Staff friendly, helpful and happy. Seven restaurants to chose from, two of which did carry an extra supplement. Too be honest we didn't use these because we were completely satisfied and spoilt for choice with the others.These included Mexican, Dominican, American Diner, Italian and two buffet restaurants. Mike's tea and coffee - An absolute must!! We went every night after dinner for our coffees and believe me there were too many varieties to chose from and certainly too many to list! Mustn't forget the pastries either!! Scrummy!!All in all a holiday that we will never forget.OK! so one bad thing - Timeshare - If anyone reading this, decides to book remember the following - If reception send you to a side desk and you are invited to a VIP breakfast, don't go. It is to try and get you to cut out the middle man and buy holiday time at their hotels. If you miss this, you could get caught by a salesman when going into the buffet restaurant where you will be offered a free massage!! It is another way of trying to get you to give your time (at least 3 hours) to listen to one of their salesmen. It is called H10 Premium and the hotel are part of it and well aware what is going on!! We cottoned on very quickly so politely said 'No thank you' and we also warned others. However, we had a great holiday, this happened on the first day so we were left to enjoy ourselves in peace! Only a minor moan out of a very positive review. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pennyuk
<Content>great place but not much to do we stayed at ocean sands in august this year from the 9-23 having read the reviews on here before we were looking forward to this holiday very much and after having been thought we would write our review from the english perspective ok the airport in punta cana is very easily negotiated both coming and going and despite what everyone says about opening up every single suitcase this doesnt happen you just have to dodge the suitcase guys who are all after a tip to move your cases about 10 foot but a firm no keeps them at bay check in at the hotel again very easy and they give you a cocktail and soft drinks for the kids (we have 3 12 10 and 7)we were allocated villa 9 which is opposite the blue pool but we got a back room over looking a dirt road and coconut trees but wasnt bothered as we didnt spend too much time in there the pools are huge but towards the end of our holiday were going green with mould because the pool guys just cant keep up with the maintainance the blue pool is the quieter pool and the yellow pool is where all the activities go on the blue pool barman victor blows very hot and cold seeming to have a problem giving the english budweiser and baileys but after quite a few complained about this there were no more issues entertainment at night was like a very poor version of butlins entertainment but the guys and girls on stage work very hard and are always happy and love the kids so we went to see the show most nights we ate at the buffet most days and it is very good food we also tried route 66 and that was terible and the mexican excellent mikes coffee shop was not bad but we have had better and the cakes are the same as you get in the buffet the beach is superb white powder sand and despite being the atlantic the sea is warm although a little rough we got up to se the sunrise and that was fantastic we done the trip called kontiki and that was great for the kids its a party boat and they take you snorkling and on a boat slide constant food music and drink great afternoon we were supposed to go on the safari trip but it was cancelled because of hurricane dean overall a great hotel great people and very very cheap if you are going here enjoy your stay and take plenty of high factor sun cream we used 40 and still burnt!!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>zane9
<Content>Loved the Ocean Sand Resort This small and very pleasant resort offers all the usual amenities that travellers have come to expect in a Punta Cana resort. But what appealed to us, and what will bring us back, is the great food, the spacious rooms, and the overall atmosphere. The buffet restaurant offered a wide variety at each meal, and only once did we try one of their specialty restaurants (Mexican,no supplemental charge, and a little disappointing). The beach is great, and we spent hours in the ocean. Not much body-surfing on the resort's stretch of ocean due to the geography, but just down the beach the waves break closer to the shore so body surfing is available a short walk away.If you like to golf, their course is a golf-cart ride away, and offers a very challenging 9 holes (you can play the 9-holes twice for a full 18). We brought our own clubs, but rentals are available. No driving range or putting green on site.For those of you with kids and who need a little more to do when the weather is iffy: go bowling! There is a full-on bowling facility at the resort. The first game is free.Ocean Sands does need to pay attention to a few things: replace all the bicycles; replace all the arrows in use for archery: add more Hobie cats for sailing; repair the canvas on many of the beach cabanas (at least 25% offer no shade!); replace all the pool tables.Our travel tips would include: be prepared for very high humidity which finds its way into your room and clothes; depending on which month you travel there, start your day early, as afternoon clouds were a regular occurence; be patient with the staff as they take care of your requests -- these are extremely hard-working people with lots of demands being made on them.We will return to Ocean Sands.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ddccoleman
<Content>Pretty good place for a family vacation We just got back from our family vacation at Ocean Blue last night. There were 14 of us traveling together including a baby and 3 year old.Food: Food was better than average...about what you would expect from an all inclusive. Lots of variety, two buffets- one on the beach and one mid resort. The ala carte restaurants went from bad (Route 66) to very good (El Bodegon). The Mexican restaurant was not very good. Service was slow. Food just ok. We did find that the food is pretty bland compared to what we are used to at home.Rooms: Spacious and clean. We were part of the Elite Club which meant we had some freebies and rooms closest to the pool and beach. Did see one cockroach but you can't really help that in the islands. We did see the hotel staff spraying so they are on top of it. Fresh fruit in our room daily with some wine and liquor provided on the day we checked in. I did read a review about a musty smell on the ground floor-that was not a problem at all. Bathrooms are nice and big with a jacuzzi tub and separate shower. I personally did not drink the water in our room. Bottled water was available everywhere-and in our room refrig. which they stocked with soda and water just about daily. I did drink 3 glasses of water on our last night in one of the restaurants and it was not an issue. When I visited this island 18 years ago, I had the problem so badly that I almost ended up in the hospital. This issue they seemed to have worked hard on. If you have a problem it will probably just be that you are sensitive to food that you are not used to. Casino was cute. They suggest that you not play the Dominican games that they offer. Play regular poker and Black Jack and you will be fine.Bowling for the kids was available. Had some pool tables and ping pong too.We booked a snorkeling trip thru Apple (they are in building 5) and our group was disappointed with it. $70 a person with too much travel to a place where the snorkeling was a joke and they only allowed you to swim for 40 minutes. A waste. Go talk to the guy down on the beach with a table set up next to the shopping tents. They offer ATV trips which others described as lots of fun. We found out about it too late.Shopping is non-existent except for the tents on the beach and a couple of small shops in the resort. Sundries, some jewelry and white gauzy clothing in the 3 shops. Beware of the tents on the beach!!! They are there to sell and boy do they try. Dicker with them and remember that their starting prices are about 10x what they will take. I did buy a couple of small statues and paid what I thought was ok. (Still probably 10x what they paid for them!!) I had no problem with the items I bought this time....but on my trip years ago, the vendor disappeared in the back to wrap for travel my trinket and they wrapped a broken one when I couldn't see them. Luckily I opened it back in the room and boy were they surprised to see me when I ran back to the beach and confronted them. Just beware. The tent people do not roam the beach area which is really nice .We were approached by some guys trying to sell time shares or vacation packages. Just say no and be firm and they go away.Liquor: They do have top shelf liquor but you have to ask for it. As part of the Elite Club we were supposed to get it all the time but we did have to ask. IMPORTANT: Take along an insulated cup with a lid (like you drink to go coffee in) and they will pour beer and drinks into them at the bars. That was a really great idea as beer stayed cold and drinks kept the ice. Wine was another matter. If you are a wine lover, don't bother with the stuff they serve at the bars. It was really bad. The El Bodegon restaurant had wonderful wine. The only other way to get anything worth drinking was to order a bottle through the Elite Club. I am not sure it good wine was available at the other ala carte restaurants or not. Tips: We tipped our maid daily rather than leave a big tip on the last day. I think they may pool the tips. Either way, different people cleaned our room each day so tipping a few bucks daily worked for us. The Airport; It was a nightmare coming home. We waited in line 2 hours at check in. They manually ck your carry on. We connected in Atlanta which was a worse nightmare. They make you go through customs , collect your luggage and drag it to an unsecure area where they throw it right back on a belt without looking at it at all. What a waste. Good luck with that. Light bulbs!!!! If you read in bed, pack a couple of 100 watt bulbs. I read this in a review before I left and it was absolutely true. Very dim lighting in the rooms and in the bathroom. They probably take em home after you leave and put back the low light flourescents....the maids probably have great lighting in their houses! The staff was pretty good. For the most part they were very helpful and most spoke fair English. Language was not a problem. Tipping a couple of dollars was really well received but you did not feel like they were expecting it.Dollars were accepted everywhere. One big complaint was that they did have an ATM but it only gave out pesos only. Even at that one of our party had a problem with the machine that indicated that it gave out the $ but it did not. That problem had to be fixed back here...the hotel couldn't help. Cash only at the small sundry store. Not sure about the others. All in all it was a fine vacation for our large extended family. Beach was beautiful and the pool was clean and big. There were plenty of lounge chairs and almost enough shade umbrellas. If you reserved a pool chair by 9:00 or 10:00am you were fine. At one place in Mexico, reserving shade at the pool was a joke. The first day, we reserved by 8:00am, next day 7:30, next day 7:00am etc. This was more laid back.Hope this helps. Have fun!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dunmurrychick
<Content>Best Holiday Ever There was me n my sister went. We were flying out there for our cousin's wedding. We are from Belfast so we had travelled very far.We were made feel very welcome and everyone was very friendly and the whole campus was fab it really was the best holiday ever we stayed for two week's we left Belfast on the 16th may and we arrived at ocean sand's on the 17th may and both me and my sister had a really grate time we were all enclusive so there was not much that we could spend are money on except givin tip's. really i would recommened it to anyone because the whole atmosphere over there is grate u can just lie n chill in the sun and if you dont then there was lot's of other thing's to do the entertainment staff on the campus was fab they never stopped they alway's made sure that you were ok and had something to do. O and the food was fantastic you could just go and eat when you wanted and the food was so nice it really was and the room's they were fab me n my sister had two queen size beds n a sofa bed along with t.v cable and a mini frigde then were had lovely drawers n cupboards to put are clothes in and not to talk about the bathroom it was just amazin we had the basic's and a jacusie the room's were so beautiful like. The whole time we were there there was nothing that we could complain about we left ocean sand's on 31st of may and we were nearly crying because we didnt want to go home.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>djderek
<Content>Super resort We stayed at the ocean for two weeks! What a perfect resort. Friendy staff, superbe food. Great swimming pools. Beautiful beach. What more do you need on your holiday!?!The lobby bar is a good place to be at night. Matea, Edwin and sexy black and Sonia are perfect barmen/ women, we had a lot of fun with them, they make you feel at home and very welcome! The room was cleaned very wel every day! The a la carte restaurants we thought were better than the buffet, but that says more about the fine quality of the restaurant then about the buffet (which was fine). The Italian restaurant was our favourite!We would recommend  the Ocean Bleu to all of you!Derek and Hilde from the Netherlands  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mandy89
<Content>Brillant time Being new to tripadvisor until this year I quickly became addicted. On arrival at the airport I was a bit apprehensive after reading reviews about people trying to grab your bags. We did not experience any problems - a 'no thank you' worked. My husband and I and our two teenagers loved the hotel. It was really clean and well maintained. The room was really big and the extra small bed was great as my children no longer like to share. I found the staff friendly and helpful and we were not bothered with timeshare although we met others who were. We fell in love with the beach and spent most of our days there. The kids loved the banana boat which I thought was reasonable at $7. The hotel is sprayed so we had no problem with mosquitos although we were all bit at the airport on our return trip. We went on the Dominican Discovery trip and also the snorkelling trip (including swimming with nurse sharks and sting rays) and thoroughly enjoyed both. The Dominican Discovery was a long day and the monster trucks are not the most comfortable but it is a brillant way to see what the Dominican Republic is really like. I brought toiletries from the room and sweets and gave these to children in the villages and along the roadside and also left pencils etc. in the school house. I brought lots of small gifts for our maid and she called in on the last day and thanked us. We found the food at the hotel varied and although the restaurants were not to a very high standard we found them fine. We liked the atmosphere in the American restaurant and they made a fuss of my son on his birthday. The buffet restaurant was my favourite and there was always a good variety of food. My husband and I got stomach upsets for a couple of days but the kids were fine, I think it was the El Presidente. The only downside of the holiday for us was that you could not snorkel from the beach due to the swimming zone ropes and number of boats passing. We enquired about a boat to take you snorkelling from the beach but this was very expensive for a family of four. We also ran out of high factor sun cream and had to buy more which was expensive for a small bottle, bring loads of factor 15. All in all we had a brillant experience and I would definately recommend the hotel to friends and family.MandyNorthern Ireland  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VeeNj
<Content>Great Vacation My friend and I stayed at Ocean Blue Resort, Villa 9. We had a wonderul time. The beach is beautiful as well as the resort. We enjoyed the train that would transport you to and from your villa. The room was clean and lovely. We went on the excursion to swim with the sharks and stingrays, and we had a great party on the catamaran. This was my second time going to DR, but this trip was the most fun ever. We met many people that we hung around with. We enjoyed great night entertainment. Oh I can not forget to mention the swim-up pool bar. It was awesome. I would go back again. Great Vacation.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveltripper
<Content>You WILL be disappointed, trust me We stayed at OB for three days, from May 19-May 22, 2007. We were so disappointed in the lack of professionalism and service and we ran from the resort after experiencing an assault by a timeshare salesman and utterly rude staff. We moved to Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana, and have given some comparisons of the two hotels.We checked in at OB on May 19, 2007. The entire lobby was destroyed and under construction. A manager greeted us and led us through a maze of debris, where we were finally able to reach the front desk. We were given towel cards, our room assignment and were quickly directed to our room. Our luggage appeared promptly by a bellboy. On the face the hotel was ok, but we are giving this resort 1 star (we鈥檇 give it 0 if we could) due to the outrageous behavior we received from staff, management and timeshare people.ROOM: The room was of standard value and acceptable. It was weird how the lights were situated, a little bit dull, but no big deal. The sheets barely covered the mattress which appeared to be quite dirty. The bathroom was fine, nothing special.GROUNDS: We toured the grounds, pool and beach and found them to be satisfactory.STAFF: The staff was so-so, but tended to be rude and unhelpful. While we are both U.S. citizens, we are both fluent in Spanish, and took the opportunity to speak with many of the staff. They voiced an unhappiness as employees of OB and their behavior reflected their discontent.FOOD: The buffets were ok. We expected the bland type of food you get at the all-inclusives. In comparison to Gran Bahia, the food at OB was low level. It was not nearly as fresh as Gran Bahia鈥檚, not nearly as many options, and the people serving you were less than happy. I had one staff member grab the spoon out of my hand and slam it down on the counter. She looked really mad. Weird.RESTAURANTS: What a joke. The big push with Ocean Blue is that you don鈥檛 have to make reservations to eat at their ala carte restaurants. Well, you鈥檒l never get a seat at one so that kind of takes away from any pro over other hotels. We tried to vary our times, early, mid-dinner, late, didn鈥檛 matter. They actually need reservations there, it was total chaos. We ate at one restaurant 鈥?the Mexican one, and it was just awful. I had a dinner made up of chips and salsa. After eating the food there, there was no way we were going to waste money on the pay lobster or steakhouse restaurant. We asked one lady in the Italian restaurant if we could be put on the list, and she yelled that we would not be able to eat there that night.TIMESHARE PEOPLE: This is what made us up and leave, almost immediately. We could have lived with the other stuff, but this was way beyond normal. Timeshare men were stationed directly outside of the main buffet dining room, the only place we could get breakfast. They waited like vultures and attacked guests entering or exiting. They also were not limited to the buffet restaurant, but had FREE REIGN of the entire hotel including the pool area. The hotel staff was oblivious to us and other visibly annoyed guests as they went about their regular duties. We had one specific timeshare salesman bother us all three days we were there. But on the 2nd day, he accosted us at our breakfast table. When we left, he followed us throughout hotel grounds, and his behavior was very aggressive. He blocked our path, at which time we both tried to move around him. He continued to stand in our way and yelled at us, demanding to know why we were not interested. We repeated the same phrase, that we were not interested. The man then man grabbed my arm. I yanked it free, and he flipped my hat off of my head. I saw him do this same move to an elderly man.We realized that the situation was becoming potentially volatile, and we started for our villa. The man pursued, and finally we entered a nearby bar in order to escape and not let the man know which villa we in. We talked to the bartender about the situation, asking for management, to which the bartender replied: 鈥淪orry, no manager.鈥?When we left the bar, we spotted the man waiting for us, from a distance, but close enough to see where we were going. When we got to our villa, the salesman waited outside the entrance; glaring and yelling.The encounter made us very uncomfortable and in fear of our personal safety. We went to the front desk and asked for a manager. We explained the assault. He shrugged and said there was nothing he could do. At that point, we made the decision to leave the resort so that we could salvage what was left of our vacation.PAYPHONES: From our room, we called the front desk and asked about payphones. The front desk person told us that no payphones existed in the hotel, only lobby phones. We asked about pay phones in the nearby shopping area, Plaza Bavaro, and were told that no pay phones existed there either. The front desk person we spoke with in the lobby told us that no matter which phone we used, either in the lobby or the room, we would be charged a fee of $2.71 per minute for connection charges, whether dialing a toll free telephone number or not.We ignored the front desk and hired a cab to get to Plaza Bavaro, where we discovered that there were plenty of payphones available. The land lines there are totally unreliable and we couldn鈥檛 get through at all.As a last ditch attempt, we emailed the rep. we had booked thru at Cheap Caribbean, but she was out of the office. We also emailed the main email address we had on hand and we got a quick email back from another rep. We had completely forgot about the local rep. at Ocean Blue. So we went back to the hotel and made contact with the rep. at the hotel. He helped out a lot and gave us his cell phone 鈥?our call lasted over 45 minutes. A rep. promised to call us back in our room with options. She kept her promise, called us and gave us hotel options. We went with Gran Bahia because we knew the name and the chain has a good reputation.We had to pay $250 for a change fee and early check out fee, of which we have just sent a letter to Cheap Caribbean asking for a refund. Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana was a hotel far above the class and service level of Ocean Blue. The front desk and staff at Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana went far beyond our expectations, and was a world apart from Ocean Blue. Once we moved to Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana, we were able to begin our wonderful holiday which lasted all but 7 days.POSITIVES: The dive crew there were awesome! They were so nice. We were going to dive with them, but left the resort before we had a chance. There was a lady from Venezuela I believe she said, who took really good pictures of us on the beach. The maids who cleaned our room were very nice, in fact, it was one maid who told us that yes, there were payphones at Plaza Bavaro. She told us the front desk lied to us. This is really the only positives I can come up with. The negatives far outweighed the positives.OB is a low-level, low class resort. I do NOT recommend it for anyone. Any questions? Email me, just click on my name and send an email. I鈥檒l answer as honestly as I can.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>johnnyguitarist
<Content>You won't be disappointed Well...not much to say other than this Hotel as well as Punta Cana in general is absolutely fantastic. The beach is wonderful and provides everything you would expect form the carribean. Blue water, white sand and very important, the beaches in Punta Cana are protected by a series of nets which provide swimmers with a worry free environment so no big fishies to worry about which is important for the younger visitors.The staff in it's entirety are friendly and fun and a word to the wise....people are as nice to you as youare to them so smile, be happy and you will get the same thing back. My wife and I made friends with the staff and have 3 people whom we are e-mailing etc..If you HAVE to have your peanut butter in the morning....bring your own as this is something they do not have. Have everything else under the sun, but not that. Get to the beach by 8h00 AM before heading to breakfast and grab a Paloopa. They are the shade huts and will be gone by 10h00 Am so throw your towels on the chairs, then go eat.Well thats about it..but the Ocean Sands is a place I strongly recommend...would and will return again . Amazing compound, total security, warm friendly people and weather you can count on if you like it HOT and SUNNY  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jose_Emanius
<Content>First time in Punta Cana and would come back to this resort in a heartbeat! We booked thru Apple Vacations, it was a smart move on our part. We were greeted by them at the airport and escorted to our large, Greyhound style buses, depending on which hotel you were staying. Ride from airport to our hotel took one hour with three stops in between for our hotel guests.When we arrived at the hotel, we were guided to a table setup in the spacious lobby where more Apple reps were stationed. They handed out some documents and told us the rooms weren't ready yet. They told us about the nine restaurants in the resorts and the times that they were open along with some other information. After attaching our wrist band for the all inclusive, he said we could eat, drink or do whatever until around 1:30 or so and said to check back then for our rooms at the front desk. We had a party of eight with four couples. No problem, got into our beach suits and hung out at beach. On the beach was a bar. Nearby was a beach buffet restaurant which offered the same large menu everyday. Went back to lobby and picked up the room keys.Our rooms were located in the Blue side, villa number five which is on the right side as you walk to the beach from the lobby. Apparently Apple reserves the entire villa or a large block of rooms in the villa. Because on the ground floor underneath the center of the villa is where the Apple reps are stationed. They are there daily from morning to early evening and are very courteous and knowledgeable. You can book your excursions right there using a major credit card or cash if you prefer.The rooms were spacious, clean and stocked. Our maid service was great. Tip, bring along lil trinkets to leave with them daily and you have extras for your room if you request them. We brought along kids stuff from a local Dollar Bargain store back home and some gifts for the maid too. We left them on the bed each day, spacing the gifts out to last the week we were there. At the end of the week we left her a generous tip too.The only complaint we had was the shops accepted cash only, no credit cards which I felt was dumb on there part. Afterall, some people don't like to carry cash on vacation, specially in a foreign country. Besides, if you use a credit card you will typically spend more than using cash. If you didn't have much cash on ya, there was a ATM machine in the lobby.The shops were a beach , sundries and souveniers shop, photo shop for viewing photos taken during the day by resort photogs that had either two parrots or a monkey with them or none. If you wanted your photo, stop at the photo shop after 6 that day and view them and pay for them if you wish. A White shop, consisting of clothing in white material only. A cigar shop. A jewelery shop. And a internet room for a small fee. Four US dollars for 15 minutes. More time for more money if need to use it longer. That was all the shops the resort had.We never did find a duty free shop although we had seen one back at the airport but was unable to get to it after crossing into the US side. So bring lots of cash if you want to buy something at this resort also for the small casino on the site. The money used at the resort was US dollars. You paid and recieved change in US dollars and change even though Pesos were accepted too.We found out some tricks when ordering at the lobby bar. Ask for the liquor by name, top shelf included, and they will serve you it, no problemo. This includes some bottled beer: Bud, Bud Light and Corona.We thought the food selection at the different restaurants was adequate. Most were ala carte and there were two buffets. Everyone in our party thought the food was good. Oh, they have a rum drink on the island called Mama Juana. It is for after diiner or whenver you wish, really. At the Dominican restaurant, they brought it out, served us each a shot and left the large bottle on the table for more. And in these ala carte restaurants, if you wanted to order two meals, say pasta and steak, go for it. They don't say anything and your welcome to order as much as you like for dinner. A couple of us, yours included got a touch of the you know what, lol for a couple days. I kinda expected it and took along some Imodium AD just in case. But it wasn't the food as far as we could determine. We thought it was the adjustment to foreign food that your stomach is not used too. We were told by the Apple rep not to drink the water, only shower and shave with it. It was safe to drink the water you were served at dinner and the naturally the bottled water that you could ask for anywhere.The pools are large and unfortunately very warm. This is because the temp at night never goes below low 70's or so and warms up to the low 90's in the day. The pool side bars were open each day from 9 to 9.When it came time to checkout, which is at 1, you can reserve a hospitality room for a half hour if your flight out leaves late after your checkout time as was our case. You reserve it in the morning the day of your checkout around 10ish. This was good for each room we booked, so we had it for two hours total. You can shower, shave, rest, etc during that time which was nice. Our flight didn't leave until 9 that night and we had to leave the hotel at 5:30 for the trip back to the airport. Also, we were concerned about losing our benefits of the all inclusive, not to worry. You have full use of the facilties until you board the bus back to the airport. So eat, drink and be merry is you wish.All in all, we all agreed that for this being our first trip to Punta Cana and just reading reviews online about this resort, we were completely satisfied with our selection and the price thru Apple wasn't bad either. A couple from our area came down later in the week and paid almost $600 more than we did per couple thru Expedia, ouch! Out total cost with taxes, fees was under $2800 per couple and a direct fight on USA3000 whom Apple uses or is connected too possibly thru business.We said we would be back in five years or so to the same resort, unless something changes to it befor then.p.s. I have lots of photos from there, but not on this comp I'm using at work, lol....  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happydaddy40
<Content>we are happy campers we just returned from ocean sand and i have to say...what a great trip......there are UNCONTROLLABLES but one must forgive a little right.....the hotel was beautiful, the food excellent, the beach was great and the shows were very entertaining....only frustration was arriving around 11 and our room wasn't ready till 3 but good ole wifey knew this and brought along small bag with a quick change of swim wear and we were all cool....my two kids had a great time and the staff was very good in involving them in games etc.....just remember to get to beach early as the shaded areas get nabbed very quickly..the hotel was a large property and yes there was some walking to do, however they did have two trollys running so it wasn't so bad...plus it didn't hurt to get SOME excercise from eating all that great food....the rooms was very nice and kept pretty clean for the most part.....and we had a nice garden view...we've been luck to travel quite a bit to the caribe..and i can truly say we had a great time.....and will definately go again...what would have made it excellent.....hmmmm....who we kiddin....we always find fault in everything.....the two boys drove us mad quite a few times but that should not reflect on hotel experience....oh and by the way the deal was excellent....have a great time and don't be shy to go to ocean sand....and oh by the way...DONT GO INTO TOWN...WHAT A JOKE, WASTE OF MONEY, AND THE LOCALS THERE BUG THE @!*$ OUTTA YA...safe flight..shawn.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>countrygril
<Content>Loved This Hotel We bookd this hotel for our wedding. We were there with a group of 33 inlcuding 3 kids under the age of 6 and everyone loved the resort.Food:Food was great. There was a different theme at the buffet every night and the a la cartes were all very good. We did have to wait at the Italian one night for an hour, but the food was worth it. You do not have to reserve at the a la cartes which is a nice bonus and you can visit each one as many times as you like. If you get there between 6 and 630 you usually can get right in and don't have to wait.Pool:The pools were very nice and they are huge!!!! They also both have a graduated entrance which is great for children. The yellow pool has the activities and the blue pool is nice and quiet. The blue pools has nicer chairs that are padded and there are two bar tenders at the pool bar which make getting your drink a bit faster. The yellow pool is closer to the beach and gets a bit sandy because some guests do not rinse off before getting in after being at the beach. We never had any problems getting chairs or umbrellas no matter what time we made our way to the pool.Beach:The beach was absolutely beautiful. Always clean and again you could always find a chair and some shade no matter what time it was. Sand is soft and white and doesn't get hot and there was always a beautiful breeze down there.Room:We were in a Junior Suite which is the hotel's standard room. Big bathroom, two sinks, soaker/jacuzzi tub. Nothing fancy, but they were always clean, fridge was stocked with beer, pop and water every day. One tip: the shower door only goes half way across the tub, so the water goes all over the floor. We adjusted the position of the shower head so it pointed down a little more and we had no problems after that.Wedding:Our wedding as absolutely perfect. If anyone is considering this hotel for a wedding, it is an excellent choice. The wedding co-ordinator is on top of evrything and makes sure that all your requests are met.We had our ceremony in the gazebo, since it is more private than the beach and we didn't have any on-lookers in our photos. It was also less windy up there, which was nice too.We had our dinner at La Brasa which is the a la carte on the beach. The food was excellent and they print up a menu for all your guests with the dinner choices with your names at the top. I thought that was a nice touch. We had the entire outside terrace set up with our tables and a dance floor. It was so private and we didn't have to pay extra for that.My flowers were great and exactly what I had asked for. The ony thing that was disappointing was my cake. It was so ugly, a white cake with big pink blobs of icing for flowers. We both just laughed since it really wasn't that big of a deal.Overall:The resort is really big. It is probably a good 5-10 min walk from the beach to the lobby. There is a tram that goes around that you can get on, but a lot of the time it is taking people who are checking in/out so its loaded with luggage. We didn't have any problems with the walking but for someone who may have mobility problems the size of the resort might be an issue. The beach markets are located right next to the hotel and on Fridays certain vendors set up a market at the hotel. The vendors are kind of pushy and you REALLY have to negotiate, and be careful of what you buy. My brother bought a bottle of Mamajuana on the beach and it was nothing but red wine and some sticks.We would go back to this resort in a heartbeat but we would like to visit anothet resort on our next trip since this was our first time to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>sunluvin5
<Content>not quite what I expected Just returned from a week's stay at Ocean Blue. Hotel was not quite up to snuff. Employees tried hard, but often seemed to not quite know what they were doing. Buffet food was the same every day...average, not as good as other all inclusives I have stayed at. They really need more variety. The buffet was understaffed-you waited a long time for beverages, and good luck getting a refill. They always had a long line at the juice station in the morning and frequently ran out of juices.The room was rather small and had mold growing on the ceiling-a LOT of mold. When you shower, you need to open the sliding glass door or the room gets very damp and the floors get wet and slippery.We had 3 children in our room and often had a difficult time getting enough towels for the 5 of us..calls to housekeeping were ignored, as were requests made to housekeeping staff we encountered.Food at the theme restaurants was not very good, and the wait staff seemed poorly trained and confused much of the time. We learned just to eat whatever they brought, whether it was what we ordered or not.It was very difficult to book excursions--information on available excursions was very difficult to come by and the staff seemed to want to keep you at the resort. Hint: go to guest services to book excursions at a reduced price.Bring lots of cash---no one in the DR seems to want to take your credit card. We wound up paying a 20% surcharge when we used one to pay for an excursion. Even shops that advertise that they take credit cards will refuse them. Heck, the shops at the hotel won't even accept them!!!!On Friday, they had a DR theme night and had vendors come to the hotel and set up tables to sell trinkets. My teenagers went to buy gifts for their friends and were put under great pressure to try somefree samples of cocaine by the vendors at one table. They repeatedly refused, and the men tried to slip some into a bag of necklaces they were going to give them at no charge....Needless to say BE CAREFUL or you may get an unpleasant surprise when you go through customs.They had very few (ie 1 or 2) of the windsurfers, body boards and other equipment advertised as included.Compared to other all inclusive resorts I have stayed in while in Mexico and Central America, this one was below standard. The bright spot at this resort was Mike's coffee shop where we enjoyed wonderfulpound cake, cheesecake, and frozen mochas after dinner.Perhaps with a little more effort, the Ocean Blue will someday be a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>bhita
<Content>Cold Showers and Dark Rooms My wife co-ordinated my 60th birthday get together in March at this resort. We had friends and family gather from the US and Canada. The rooms were not what we had reserved and were very dark and bland, we had no hot water in the AM for showers. 50% of our party got sick from the food at the buffet. The staff at the check in were very indifferent.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>tashaandy7469
<Content>Our Honeymoon and Loved it       Reception  Lobby Bar  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>T0bag0
<Content>Slightly Disappionted Please don't let my report put you off, I am going to be as broad as i can with this review, but please go with an open mind and make the most of what you find. We stayed in the resort in May 07 for two weeks, we were a party of 7 including 3 children under 12Airport/ArrivalAirport is great, one of the best I have ever been through, you do get off the plan and they stop you in the entrance to the airport for a photo (Which is great when you depart for comparing tans) The photo is on sale when you depart the airport! We got through the usual airport stops very quickly and we had purchased our entry Visa from the UK Dom Rep Consulate. The guys were waiting for our luggage and be warned you can not take the trolleys outside the luggage hall. The transfer with First Choice was swift and direct, It was a little worrying, as we approached the Hotel as there is so much building going on, but once in resort you are unaware of this. Arrived at the Hotel and the service was very quick we were allocated rooms very quickly and without the usual dragging out of passport for ID for your room, the Bellboy's very quickly took us and our luggage to our rooms very little fuss and certainly not a problem for us. However there was not an assortment of soft drinks, a lady did come round but adult drinks only.Room/GardensOur room and location, Villa block 8 this was great close enough to the pool but not to close to be disturbed by it. The room was clean and the fridge stocked. Bathroom was clean with a goodsize whirlpool bath. Gardens are wonderful and looked after very well.PoolAlways plenty of beds and plenty of space, Although i have to agree with another review i had read that the pool's are dirty and not very well cleaned in 2 weeks i saw one man clean the pool once with a handheld hoover type thing. This did not stop us using the pool but we did tell the kids not to let it go in their mouths? Whilst we were there we only used the Blue pool as this looked the cleanest and is definatly the quietest as the activities are in the Yellow pool, the pool bar was not open all the time it seemed to be closed mon-tues? not sure why and may not have been normal.BeachThis was one of the biggest disappointments for me as i like to wander and see what i can find in between cooking myself on the sun bed. The sun beds were plentiful, but shade was an issue especially if you have small children, you will need to go early to get under the shades or late afternoon. The sea is roped off this is due to the large amount of boats going by, also there appeared to be a ledge where the sea dropped off into quite a depth as you got near to the ropes. Bavaro has some 42 hotels along its beaches and there is very little to do if you like to wander, unless you like looking at other Hotels.The beach venders in the huts next to the hotel are very cheeky and will call you, we found the same for sale where ever you go and the merchandise is identical on the beach in the hotel and everwhere else you may find, we found it easier to buy small gifts from the hotel shop as it was abit more relaxed the beach venders will tell you ridiculas prices and more than half it if you going to buy. We attemped to buy a spade for the kids and he wanted 25us$ as we walked away it came down to 10us$ but we decided to give it a miss, as we saw the stuffed and varnished turtles on show.TripsJungle tour Great, Great guys and lots of fun, Very hot if the suns out and take some mozzie spray just in case, I did and I needed it. Souni Beach is awesome, lots of shade, Hammocks in the palm trees and clear blue waters to snorkel well worth the money.DivingPelicano is the name of the resorts dive centre situated on the beach, (please note there is not jetty to the boat, so it's you and gear in the water to the boats location), However we did not use them I think it was 46us$ for a single tank dive and the boat was absolutley crammed with divers, this was not our cup of tea so we passed and kicked ourselves for not booking online with Iberostar Dressel divers which seemed to have a better set up? We tried to contact them once on the island but drew a bit of a blank.Time shareWell, If i told them once i told them a hundred times, every morning as we walked into the buffet to get breakfast they are there, and i have to say i was quite annoyed at the hotel for putting them in such a prominient position and allowing them to literally pester people, I ended up losing my temper and telling one of them that we were on holiday and we would not be buying anything and to leave us alone, and that seemed to do the trick. Good luck with that one...........BarsThe lobby bar was under repairs the floor had sunk so they had ripped this up and we were told that it would reopen after one week, we concluded this was one week dominican time and it was still closed after two, However there was minimal fuss and the actual bar was reopened it was the area behind which stayed closed. The Sports bar was very good and the service seemed very good also, the best bar was the one near the beach grill. The beach bar was always very busy but the guy on it was so efficient he would serve many in one go.RestaurantsThis one a toughy, we tended to stick with 'Route66' the Buffet and the beachside. The best was the beachside but you are limited for choice of dishes and the menu does not change. Route 66 is not my ideal food as it was American burgers ect and this is not what i come on holiday for but it was a change from the buffet. The buffet was ok nothing spectacular and i have to agree the food was only warm, unless you had something cooked for you and if you want a spoon and sometimes any cutlery i'd pack some as they must lack these or hide them. The only other that we tried was the itailian and was very disappointed, huge queues told us good food, but we were wrong the food looked great when it came but all 7 meals were cold and we didn't allow them time to correct it as we left and went on to another, we heard during our stay some were happy with it others felt it was as we had experienced.StaffLobby staff were great and all the bar staff were to also, the staff in the buffet in my opinion were understaffed and didn't seem to care, this may have been due to the fact that they were over worked, it was a shame. The best service was in the beachside restaurant not the one you pay for thats located on the beach the one thats in your all inclusive package next door to it.Photo ShopThe guys from the photo shop come round during the day to take pictures sometimes with birds and moneys ect, these you do not need to pay for unless you decide to have them when they are on display in the photoshop later that day. We enquired about a photo session and they took the children around the complex and onto the beach taking photo's and i have to say these were excellent, something you cant get at home and for half the cost.OverallI have been to quite a few islands now and all have been all inclusive and I personally would not return to the Dom Rep, this is because it was how i had pictured it, Large hotels and alot of them, and busy beaches. We did enjoy the holiday as i believe you make the most of it, and everyone is different, But not for the complete relaxation i escape for.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Danielle_Steve
<Content>Best holiday ever!!! We visited Dominican Republic and Ocean Sands September 2006 and it was absolutely the best holiday we have ever had. The flight with First Choice was amazing - one rude air steward but apart from that very enjoyable. Definately upgrade your entertainmentpackage 拢5pp on board to get TV/Movies on demand and more games (screens are touchscreen - took hours to work this out and makes games much easier!)Punta Cana airport was a rather loud experience - alot of drums, music and shouting to welcome us - a good atmosphere but be prepared to be woken up abruptly after a long flight! The transfer to the hotel was only around 30mins, with a first choicerep (there were two first choice reps, dominican and canadian, and wewere told the wrong rate for telephone calls from the room so had a huge bill waiting for us when we checked out and were told we had to pay or would not be allowed to leave the country!) - one of the few negatives. The roads in dominican are an adventure in theirselves! VERY bumpy, VERY fast, VERY eratic and frankly quite dangerous but its a small sacrifice to get to paradise!Arriving at the hotel was down a very long dirt track past the golf course. You could'nt walk to anywhere although a very short taxi ridewould take you to the local shops, bars etc. We didn't journey out of the hotel apart from excursions which i would highly recommend - saona island was incredible but hbe prepared for an early start and along coach journey. Bavaro Splash was great fun, speedboats (your own!) and snorkelling, and also quad biking was a great laugh - lots of puddles and even stopped off at a dominican house and saw how theygrown their own coffee and chocolate! - take some money with you to tip as we didn't and felt very guilty!The resort is beautiful - brightly coloured buildings, all seperate villas leading down to the beach with the swimming pools in the middle. At the top end are all the restaurants and entertainment areas - loads going on in the evening, live music, shows, disco, sports bar with kareoke and the bowling alley were among a few. The entertainment was what you made of it, no quizzes or bingo, but lots to keep everyone happy. Great choice of restaurants and the buffet restaurant had such a good choice of delicious food you didn't really need to go anywhere else! Route 66 was great when the dancers were in, brilliant atmosphere, and the italian was a favourite for the quality of food. Sports bar great for late night snacks and pool - although none of the pool tables are level so creates a very interesting game trying to find one that is! One night we had a brilliant BBQ by the pools which was lovely and the buffet restaurant on the beach was really handy for lunchtime. Drinks everywhere are brilliant, although some of the bar service, mainly the lobby bar, is rather slow. Any drink you want, they have - even champagne (and at breakfast too!) Pools were great, large and clean - although reading reviews there are alot of people who got infections (apparently from the pool) and I did got an ear infection towards the end of the holiday. Also, be careful in the kayaks in the sea - we went too far out one day and got tipped out and stuck on the coral - VERY painful and were coveredin cuts and no one came to help!Rooms are beautiful - big beds, big TV, HUGE jacuzzi bath, 2 sinks, fridge stocked daily with beer, water, pepsi and 7up, safe (although ours rarely worked!) - not worth upgrading to the deluxe junior suiteunless you really want the extras (watersports, massages etc) as the rooms are no different!DEFINATELY book a photo session with the girl in the photo shop - shetakes you out for an hour and takes over 100 photos and they are all beautiful - really professional and fun. Thought i wouldn't like any of them but struggled not to pick too many - also the prices were really reasonable - about $5 a photo and that was printed (you can just have the disk for less money) and a minimum of 15 I think - compared to England thats a bargain and they really are just as good if not better (you cant get a picture of you rolling around in the sand and the caribbean sea in england!) We had the best holiday ever here and would go back year after year if there weren't so many other countries to see in the world! If i could take Ocean Sands with me I would! Dont go kayaking, double check the phone charges, do as many excursions as you can afford, take some lightbulbs, book a photo session and fly with first choice and you'll be laughing all the way to the beach!Have a great time!Danielle  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	4	3	

<Author>biggee77
<Content>perfect retreat We booked this holiday with First Choice and we wanted 2 weeks of relaxation doing not alot. We had never flown with First Choice before and I have to saying they are simply supurb for a charter flight in fact better than alot of leading airlines. We arrived at the hotel in the afternoon and our room was ready, we were a bit dissapointed to see that half of the reception was closed off and very noisey work was taking place. (I suppose they have to do works at some point.) The resort itself is very nice extremely clean and well set out. Our room was in Villa 9 on the second floor and had a view of the pool and just about the sea. The room was very big and the bed huge. The bathroom was big as well and we had no problems with the water pressure infact when we were burnt one day it was a little strong. The only downside is that the comunial corridors are very noisy and it does not help when people are shouting at 3am. The pools were huge we spent most of our time by the blue pool the quiet one never had a problem getting a bed there or at the beach. The pool was a little cloudy some days. The bar man at the blue pool bar is the best always smilling even when he is dealing with some rude people. The Food was great and would recomend the italian I think the hotel needs to thing about a reservation system for the Restraunts its a pain to have to wait outside in the rain for 40 mins for a table. I would highly recommend this hotel and first choice.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>laura_jayne
<Content>Fantastic resort My fiancee and I stayed at the ocean sands hotel from the 4th to 18th of may. We flew with first choice and the flight overall was good apart from the 4 and a half hour delay! It was late when we arrived but still the hotel looked fantastic.Our room was in block 8 on the 1st floor. It was big with 2 king size beds and was always left spotless by the maids. The bath was huge and very powerful. We never had any problem with mucky water or water pressure.The resort is big but is laid out nicely. The restaurants and bars are nearly all central and within a nice distance from the rooms. The 2 pools are huge. We never had a problem getting a sunbed with shade by the pools or even on the beach, no matter what time we tried. The blue pool is quieter but neither pool every felt too busy or loud.The beach is outstanding. We've stayed in bavaro before and came back just for the beach. The sand is so soft and white and the sea is an amazing colour. There was always a nice breeze down on the beach however this did cause sometimes cause the sea to be a bit too wavey for me! The water also never seemed to warm up but this was refreshing when it was so hot! Make sure you wear lots of sun cream as I got very badly burnt and I had lots of factor 30 on!We ate in all of the 'free' restaurants with varying experiences. The service was very quick, however the food didn't always seem very hot, just slightly warm. The italian was always very busy. Twice we had to wait for over an hour as the hostess seemed to forget about us! however the food was very nice. The burgers in route 66 are great! I liked the mexican and the dominican but my fiancee didn't, however he is a fussy eater. The carribean was not great. The food was bland and cold and the service was terrible. The buffet always had a good selection at all meal times. I didn't try the champagne for breakfast though! I have to say the food was not as nice as at the Riu resort where we stayed last time.We loved Mikes coffee house. We went every day. Try the strawberry smoothies and the frozen coffees. There are jars of cookies and lots of cakes, not forgetting the HUGE slices of cheesecake! Yum!The lobby bar had a nice atmosphere on a night,. There was nearly always live music although it did quite warm in there. The sports bar is air conditioned and serves corona and budweiser for free.The spa is very nice. We each had a massage which was very relaxing and I also had a nice pedicure. It was well worth a visit.The staff are great, very friendly, always willing to help and they work very long hours. Overall we had a outstanding holiday and didn't want to leave!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChargerGirl
<Content>Try a BananaMama! My bf and I stayed at this resort from April 22nd-April 29th/07. We travelled with a group of 16 people of all ages for a wedding direct from Halifax, Nova Scotia using Signature vacations.We arrived in Punta Cana via Skyservice airlines with no delays , we had no issues with this airline, good service, leather seats, just not alot of leg room which is typical on any charter flight. We arrived at our resort in the night time. Check in was smooth, language is not a barrier at the check in counter and don't worry about your luggage it will be delivered to your room. If your arriving late in the evening wait for the trolly to take you to your villa, we decided to walk to it and trying to figure out which villa was ours was not easy in the dark.Our room was what we expected, it had one king size bed, and the bathroom was really nice, we did not have any issue getting hot water the entire time we were there, some people did have that issue tho. Make sure the jacuzzi is full with water before you turn on the jets or you will have water everywhere!!!! Our safe did breakdown at one point but they came right away to fix it. Other than that, we did not have any other concerns with our room.Language is a barrier, expecially with the room attendants, and spa staff. Bringing items with you to the resort such as school supplies, and toys and leaving them on your pillow when you leave your room for the day will result in more items left in your fridge and extra towels in your bathroom.The resturants were very good, I recommend the Margarita, the Italian place and Mikes Cafe for desert! I was not impressed with the food at the buffet resturant.The beach was beautiful, we did not have trouble finding chairs on the beach or at the pool. There is a market on the beach just next to the resort, they will not come up to you and bother you while you are on the beach so do not worry about that. Shopping and bartering with them was a fun experience, If you find something that you want to buy find out a price, see how low he/she will drop the price to and then leave and go back the next day and you will find it much cheaper!!!!! Mark my words it worked for us!Overall review, we loved our experience at Ocean Sands and would definitely return!!!!!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Gav&Tean
<Content>Fantastic Beach We stayed at Ocean Sands 21st March for 2 weeks. We are a couple aged 25 and 40, and like to have a good time.We booked the holiday a year before, as it was my partners 40th birthday, and thought it would be a nice to go away. I took a long time choosing which Caribbean resort to go, as we had been to the Dom Rep 2x before, and also to Jamaica. I spent ages deciding which island and resort would suit us. We wanted somewhere where we had a lot of choice, bar and restaurant wise, and somewhere where the beaches were fantastic.I will break the holiday down.Outbound Journey.We flew with First Choice Airlines from Gatwick. We decided to upgrade to Premier Class. On check in we found out that our seats were not together. This was dissapointing, considering how much we had paid to upgrade. The lady said at the desk that it was tough, and the seats had already been allocated. Luckily on the flight there were two spare seats, so we were quite happy.ArrivalWe arrived at the hotel, and our first impressions were good. After reading reviews, I had it in my mind to take our own luggage to the room, but they didn't let us!! We had to wait 1/2 hour for our room, so we had a drink, when our room was available, we had to wait for our luggage. We only wish we had packed shorts in our hand luggage, as we were paddling in the sea with our jeans rolled up!!!GroundsThe hotel grounds were beautiful, flat and very well kept, very clean and pretty.BeachThe beach was fantastic, white sand turquoise sea, however, one of the main reasons why we chose the Dom Rep again was because we fell in love with the beaches. Where we stayed before was in Punta Cana, but quite far north I think, and we loved walking for miles along the white stretch of sand with no one else around. It was paradise. At Ocean Sands, it is on a very busy stretch of beach, as there are so many hotels one after the other, so there was always hundreds of people walking past, which wasn't a major problem, but didn't live up to our paradise memory.PoolWe were absolutely disgusted with the pool. It was filthy. We started off in the quieter blue pool, which was nice, but we wanted to move closer to the ocean for the breeze and moved to the busier yellow pool. We were very dissapointed with the cleanliness of the pool, they seemed to be cleaning it every day, but I am not sure what with? It was visibly dirty. We ended up going to the beach as I didn't want to get in a mucky pool, also I came down with throat infection, and I believe it was from the pool water.RoomsFine, standard.FoodAs I mentioned before, we wanted somewhere with alot of choice, which this place had, but we didn't take advantage of it!!We ate in the Mexican first, and I was really dissapointed so we didn't try any of the others, we preferred to use the buffet, as there was so much choice, and at least you could see what you are eating before!! We especially liked the pasta bar and the stir fry bar!We did book up for the Steak restaurant, which you need to pay for, but ended up walking out as there was no one else in there!! We thought that must be bad sign!!DiscoWe tried to get in one night, but it was very late and closing.We didn't watch any of the shows.The Sports bar was lots of fun, and open really late, there is also a small buffet in there from about 11, if you have missed the restaurants or the buffet which close about 10.OutsideThe best day we had was when we ventured out of the resort in a taxi to Bavaro. We went with two friends we met, did shopping for about half an hour, then spent the rest of the day in a local bar!! Was so much fun, lots of music dancing and beer. Overall looking back we did have a good time, we felt the service wasn't too good, we were tipping and didn't really see much of a difference. I think it depends on which bar you go to, I think at the lobby bar, they pool the tips, so it doesn't matter who serves you, but I think at the Sports Bar and beach Bar, they keep thier own, so keep you filled up with drinks. We did find that the lobby entertainment was a bit boring, they did have some entertainment on some nights, but it never lasted long.I think we deffo prefer Dominican to Jamaica but will give the Dom rep a break for a bit, and are looking forward to our next trip in January to St Lucia, where we are getting married.Any questions about the resort email teanlindsey@aol.co.ukHappy HolidayingTean and Gav x  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	3	2	4	

<Author>over60s
<Content>the best holiday for a long time. We have just returned from one of the best holidays we have taken, if you are thinking of going to Ocean Sands go go go its fantastic we could not fault the rooms, the cleanliness, the food, the staff, the pools and the beach were all top notch,just enjoy!!!!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>thejoys
<Content>What a great time!!!! We just got back from this resort stayed there for 7days from Apr 19 to 26thFlight: We flew from St.John's, NL with Air Transat direct flight would recommend payin little extras for first class long flight more leg room and all the lil extrasAirport Arrival: We arrived at Punta Cana airport beautiful place we did not wait long no hassles had picture takin on arrival very friendly staff other then leavin a peice of luggage behind in terminal that the staff caught us before we left and had it returned to us arrival was quick and easyCheck - in: When we arrived at resort from chartered bus we had check in very quickly staff was very helpfull, had a tram take our us and our luggage to our villa very big resort would recommend using that when available Rooms: We had a room in building 7 on main floor, I was very nervous about that because of previous reviews and afraid of bugs, I can honestly say never seen a bug, and more convenient then walking up and down over steps all day and night, rooms are spottless but in need of some decorating, could use some pictures on walls to brighten them up and some fresh paint, maids are very nice, we never had a problem with water pressure, only problem we had was safe would not work for us which men tried to fix but we didnt want to hassle with to stay in room, we kept our money in my brother's safe across the hall. Lots of bottle water, beer and pepsi and 7up in mini fridge in room, which was stocked everyday. Left things out around room nothing was ever touched, only tidied up. Beds were very comfortable, we were on back of hotel so there was no view from our room but how much time do you spend in your room, I know we never spent much time there,Pools: there is 2 big pools with a hot tub style in both pools and kiddie pool in between, and swim up bars on both pools, we spent most of the time at first pool, which was suppose to be quiet pool, but we enjoyed it lots of ppl around bar chatting and bartenders very friendly. Would recommend to anyone take a thermo mug and floats with you ideal for goin around in pool and floats very relaxing, strawberry daiquiries are yummy very slushy and ask for gasolina in it has quiet the kick to it. pool closes to beach always had activities which we watched from time to time alot more family and children in that pool, ideal for anyone with children,Beach/Ocean: the beach was spotless very white sand lots of chairs across their frontage of resort bar close to beach and restaurant that had buffett kunch time was ideal instead of goin back to room to change, the shopping huts where right on boundary of resort and very friendly ppl working there, they will try to get you to buy at cheapie cheapie prices.....barter and you will get good price for sure, very friendly ppl if you say you are just looking they will leave you alone, from the resort would recommend walking to u'r left alot of resorts and well occupied beach we did not go to the right I dont think as many resorts so in my opinion not as safe for walking.Staff: I have to be honest the staff was very nice, very friendly, in lounge all staff very nice Sonia was a very nice girl they do not stop always making sure you had cold drinks, Food  Drinks: the food was excellent can not say one bad thing about the food, we ate everything except seafood because we were cautious of seafood, mexican food was delicious, we ate there twice, buffett was nice, Route 66 had good food also, Italian restaurant was nice, Mike's coffee house was amazing lots of drinks and coffee and many desserts, you have to try the cheese cake it was delicious. Can not say one bad thing about any restaurants or any food from this resort or drinks very plentifull and many varieties of drinks available, lots of baileys, kahula, all drinks you are use too, bud light, corona, budweiser.Entertainment: everynight there was live entertainment in lounge nightly, very relaxing to watch, We went to disco a couple of nights very lively spot, staff were involved in all activities at disco we had lots of laughs in there, sports bar overtime was a very well airconditioned bar, they even served Budlight, Corona, and budweiser, very nice bar, swim up bars had the best strawberrry daiquiries and slushy drinks, I think there was a bar everywhere we went no shortage of refreshments and lots of bottles of water available. We took in 1 show was nice staff are very nice, Overall: Would recommend this resort to anyone, the timeshare ppl you will find hang around the buffett area, tell them you are not interested or have been to there meeting and got your free gift a massage they wont bother you after that lol, when going to beach or pool take lots of sunblock and towel with you, alot easier then going back and forth the rooms. Nice safe and clean resort for family or just couples.Would highly recommend this resort to anyone. Only negative thing was our 7th day we had to check out at 6am and go to airport so really only 6days to enjoy.OLA Have a great trip!!!DM Joy NL  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sunchiller
<Content>'Great Vacation' from nova scotia We stayed at the sand from april 15-22, we were a group of 8 ranging from mid 40's to mid 60's. 4 of us have travelled to cuba, jamacia and DRAirport- we were about 1.5 hours later arriving in punta cana becasue of delays in halifax. Upon arrival it was very quick to get us threw customs and on our busses to get us to our resorts.check in- was quick but had just a few problems, asked for above ground floor 2 months before arriving and was given a ground floor. After discovering this went back to front desk and was given above ground floor very quickly, however when arriving to second room and we entered it was occupied by a couple sleeping. oops! So back to the desk and got a room to our selves after 3 tries. So its best to knock on the door before entering.Room- Room was nice had two double beds, and a sofa area. bathroom had a great tub and make sure your jets in your tub are all covered with water before turning on or you will end up with water everywhere like we did, a good laugh, we really never had any trouble with water like others had wrote about. The lighting is definitly a problem, but I did take light bulbs from home and replaced the ones in the room, I took 100w and they use 24w enerysavers. We did experience one cockroach in our room the first night when we arrived but it was dead. The resort sprays for this also, and this was the only one we found. Not the end of the world.Restaurants- We all found plenty to eat. Our weight gains since we came home was from 4-10lbs and everyone gained. WE went to the mexican it was really good and spicy, we also did the Italian and loved, Route 66 was good but could of been a bit hotter. The one down by the beach has really good beef tenderloin, they also made a anniversary cake for us as we were celebrating a 25th and a 17th anniversary. This restaurant also does a buffet at lunch so you can go when you are on the beach. It is more limited at lunch for selections. The main buffet is great for all meals. Breakfast you can get champagne and orange juice what a way to start the day. Overtime sports bar is fine for late night snacks like burgers, fries ect. Now Mikes coffee house is wonderful has great tea's and coffee's and yummy cheese cake.Beaches  Pools- we spent most of our time at the beach, we did put our chair shirts on our chairs in the am to make sure we did have a shelter and 8 seats. If you didn't want shelter you wouldn't have to worry about getting a seat. The water was great, lots to look at for the men, bars are close and also the beach market is right there, WE would go to the pool late afternoon and refresh there and have Victor the bartender at the pool with blue unbrellas to mix us up a few. He is really sweet and always remembered what we liked. The blue unbrella pool was the quieter one. All the activities was at the yellow unbrella pool but still could hear at the blue pool. Day Trips- we did the outback safari, this was the second time for 4 of us. it was still a great time and if you do it ask to have alex and Jr as your tour guide and driver. They are a great team. You get to see the real country side, people and go boogie boarding. Its also free flowing beer and rum. The men also went golfing 2 mornings and thought it was great, they were picked up and dropped off at the resort. Bowling alley- we had a blast here we have never bowled with the large balls, so this was funny as heck. we had no trouble getting 2 lanes together for the 8 of usResort- Very easy to get around it runs straight up and down from the beach,. We stayed in villa 9 facing the pool and close to the beach. grounds are very well kept and are clean. The trolley that runs threw dosen't go as often as it should but if you don't mind walking its the quickest way. We only used the trolley the night we arrived and the night we left. The staff was friendly and very helpful, we had a great maid named Dalais who sang everymorning while cleaning the rooms. Overall this was a great trip with just a few hiccups at the very begining, but this can happen anywhere. 4 of our group has never traveled any where and can't wait to go again. Just make the best of your time there and just laugh off the little stuff. Your only there for a short time and enjoy it. WE DID!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>1rowey
<Content>Awsome Resort My husband, myself, and our 3 children (4,10 and 8) stayed at Ocean Blue from April 1st to the 8th. We had a wonderful time and will definately go back. We have nothing bad to say about this resort. Our experience was 100% positive. Great food, great beach, awsome pool, VERY, VERY CLEAN, friendly staff, relaxing but also a lot to do if you feel like getting involved. Our kids had a great time. None of us were sick at all. The weather was great and HOT! Bring lots of sunscreen!!! We did 2 tours off the resort. The jungle Safari and Animal Adventure Park. Both tours are well worth the money.We didn't experience any problems with our shower as mentioned by some. Actually the bathroom in our room was amazing and we enjoyed a nice juccuzzi at the end of our days. Also the time share guys were alright. We just told them we were not interested and kept walking....no problem.Over all this was a great holiday. Well worth our money and we will definately return.OLA!The Rowe FamilyTimmins, Ontario  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dtimm
<Content>Very Very Nice Place to Stay Who and When--My wife and I and our three kids, 12, 14, 15 stayed here from April 9th to the 13th. We traveled with Apple Vactions. Airport--Very efficient. The local porters were literally blocking the exit area. They all wear white shirts. You can't miss them. We had to push our way through. There were no Apple people to be seen, but the parking lot was full of cars and buses, so we walked to the buses and there were the Apple people. From that point on the Apple people got us on the right bus, very efficiently. They should have been in the terminal too.Check In--It could not have gone better. It took us only 5 minutes and our luggage was delivered to Villa 4 within 20 minutes. Front desk staff were EXTREMELY attentive.Room--We had a 3rd floor Junior Suite. It was large. The third bed was a day bed type set up. Much better than a typical rollaway bed. Had to defrost the fridge--no problem though. Water and soda was already stocked. No beer, but one request to housekeeper and that was taken care of. Musty smell? Somewhat, but it is constantly 85 plus degrees and 95 plus humidity--what do you expect. It was not at all offensive. Ceiling fan that we had on alot--would have been nice to have had speed alternative that was less than full blast. We requested a room change (didn't want to look out over the fence to the next door resort) and we were moved to Villa 5 second floor room over looking the pools. That was the best move we could have made. The front desk refused my $20 tip to make it happen, telling me my tip was not necessary. They were great. ALWAYS had got water and lots of it at all times of the day and evening, except one day we didn't have any water most of the day.--minor inconveniene because we were'nt in the room much. Water pressure was pretty good too. No bugs or other visitors to the room. Housekeeping never entered the room at odd hours, as far as we could tell. We tipped the housekeepers with pantyhose, a few dollars ($5 at departure) everyother day, and one of our kid's old but still in good shape baseball gloves. I don't think the tips made any difference in the care we were provided. They did a great job.Pools--Not the cleanest pools, but they did vacuum every day and they did shock the one pool one day we were there. The clarity of the pool after shocking was dramatic. We were careful to not get the water in our mouths. Some days you needed to reserve your shaded chairs by 7:30a.m. Other days, there were chairs and umbrellas available past 9a.m. Same thing with the beach chairs and shade structures. We didn't go out at night, so getting up early was pretty normal. Beach--FANTASTIC. Large and long. Not too big of waves, but if you walk 400 yards up the beach (in the opposite direction than the shops) there are much larger waves where kids can boogie board all day. Alot of off shore motor boating, but the swimming areas are marked and very large. We were never threatened.Food--Very Good at the main buffet--we ate there most of the time. Not the best at the beach buffet. Mexican ala carte was good--very prompt service, but we actually ate only from the taco bar. Route 66 was pretty good. Service was break neck fast. We were not done with our first drinks and our food was served--actually too quick. Mike's Coffee place was fantastic. We loved the cold coffee drinks--all of them. Never did get to the hot coffee drinks. Pretty good deserts too. Did the lobster on the beach and it was good, but the fish soup was a little funky. I think people complain about the slow service because at 6:30pm there is a line outside of all of the ala carte places. What USA restaurant gets all of its tables filled all at once every day? None I've ever been too. So, that's why they are slow, they are taking orders and cooking for the whole house all at once. We ate at Route 66 at about 7:40pm.Entertainment--We bowled twice. Fun, but not for serious bowlers. Water sports are not convenient--we also weren't used to those offered. We'd do better next time. We didn't see a show--we were beat by 8pm each night--the sun takes a lot out of you. We didn't do any excursions--to be honest, from the bus ride in DR looked dirty beyond belief. I don't think a Domincan every held a piece of trash that he/she didn't drop along the side of a road. Poor is one thing. Filthy is another. We didn't want to leave the resort, so we didn't.Shopping--There are beach shops righ next to the resort. Be careful. I got a doctored $1 bill for change once. I had a pair of kid's baseball spikes for trading--I almost was mobbed for them. The traders in the store I pulled them out in got very excited. I included them in a cash and shoe trade for some t-shirts. I could have done much better with them, but I wasn't out to beat them down--it was fun. I tried but didn't trade a pair of Adidas shoes, although they also caused quite a stir. I decided to keep them rather than trade them for a box of cigars. These traders will take the hat off your head and they will take stuff out of your beach bags asking if you want to trade. Just be careful.Staff--Everyone, except a lady serving french toast one morning, was very nice. I never had any trouble with getting a beverage and I never flashed a dollar to get any attention. I have no idea where anyone is getting the rude staff perspective. Those people must simply be tough to please. Everyone of the staff, and I'm not kidding, said hello almost evertime you ran into them.Checkout--I forgot to check out in the rush to get on the bus. Could be a mistake--time will tell. I used the luggage guys at the airport this time, but not without some concern. They were actually hitting each other to get a bag or two. Three guys ended up with our 6 bags. The first guy set of and was soon out of sight. The other two moved fast, but we kept up. The first guy came back and guided us all past hundreds of people in two or three lines, right to the Allegiant counter. It could not have been faster. I gave then $2 per bag and they seemed pleased. From there, it was easy as a meal at the terminal Wendies, wait about an hour and off we flew. What to take-- 50, 30 and 15 SPF sun screen and some Aloe based after sun stuff. We ran out of our sun screen and had to buy it--$10 for a medium tube. The Aloe stuff was a life saver. Lots of $1 bills, but $175 was too much. Insulated cups. Don't take beach towels--you don't need them. Only saw about 8 mosquitos, so you decide on the bug spray. Comfortable sandals--the place is large. Misc--We used the shuttle alot. It runs all the time and if you are patient it is very good. Walking is okay too. It is not like the place is theme park large.Conclusion--This is a very slow vacation. Maybe too slow for my family. If we were to do another beach all inclusive, this is very likely the place we'd go, but I think we may go back to ski vacations.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jen_from_Lively
<Content>We were married at the Ocean Sands, Loved It!       On the way to get married (from villa 6)  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kathysunshine
<Content>Great overall :) We Stayed at Ocean blue Punta Cana from March 25 to April 1st. We truly enjoyed our vacation. Growing up in Jamaica I have high standards when it come to hotels. I found that this resembled Jamaica a lot. Here is the break down of my personal opinion. Food: We tried the Italian and the grill a la carte and both were very good, the wait time for the Italian was never more then 15 mins and the grill we were seated right away. The buffet by the beach I found lacked a bit in variety, but the main buffet always had many interesting options. I found that for me breakfast was the best meal. Room: The room was clean and very comfortable. We had one day of rain so we really enjoyed the big balcony, we could be outside without getting wet. I did find that during rush hours there was very little hot water, but if you waited till 7pm to take your shower the water was fine. Beach and pool: Both were fantastic, the 2 big swimming pools were really nice and usually filled with activities. The beach was beautiful, I went running for 1 hour the first day and I could have continued. The beach is fantastic for walking or running. Activities: I believe one of the best thing about this resort it the great entertainment team. It was nice to have pool and beach activities, so if you are a beach person (like me) you are not excluded for the activities. I strongly recommend participating in the activity they give out rum for all the winners. Kayaks and other boats were offered and fairly easy to book, Kayaking on the big waves was extremely fun. The night shows were good. Blue and white shirt people: My last comment is in reference to the information people. We easily got them off our back by telling them that we book all our vacation with my sister the travel agent. Who cares if its not true it allowed us to have a care free week 飦?br/>  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Newbie_traveller_kg
<Content>What a great place to relax       View of the Blue Pool miday. They were never over crowded  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BSTNGRL
<Content>Overall, a great vacation My boyfriend (early 30's)and I (25) stayed at Ocean Blue March 18th through the 25th. It was our first getaway together and my first all-inclusive. Overall we LOVED it. The grounds are spectacular and the hotel itself is beautiful. We lucked out and got a 3rd floor room with a poolside view in Villa 4 (a halfway point from the beach and the lobby/restaurant area). Our room was great with the only downfall being that at certain times of the day the water pressure/temp. wasn't great. It was nothing we couldn't look past though. The housekeeping was attentive and occasionally had to come back later in the day to bring us towels. They were respectful of our privacy and always complied with any requests. We spent most of our nights at the Sports Bar or lobby lounge and tried to check out a different restaurant each night. The buffet was my favorite because of the wide variety of food and overall atmosphere it. I also liked the Dominican and Mexican restaurants. The Italian and American I could have done without. We didn't do either of the places you had to pay extra for.  As for the pool and beach both were exceptional. We had heard that it would be difficult to find seats but we never had that problem at either venue regardless of what time we got there. On the beach photographers come around with exotic animals to have your pictures taken with or just to have your pictures done on the beach. I highly recommend you do this. It's free to have the pictures taken and you only pay for the ones you like. We had ours put on CD so they wouldn't get ruined. This was one of my favorite highlights of our trip as they came out beautiful and we have some great photo memories. Some recommendations: Bring a basic list of translated Spanish words/phrases (i.e. can I have 2 towels please-Puedo tener dos toalles por favor). Overall the English is pretty good but just in case, it's good to have. I don't think it affected our service either way but it was most helpful with housekeeping. Also, bring comfortable shoes. You will be doing a lot of walking and by the end of the first day both mine and my boyfriends feet were killing us from our sandals. I don't travel all too often so when I do I like to try new places but I would definitely recommend Ocean Blue to future travelers.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kellyaaa
<Content>Wonderful resort beach was beautiful, food great, rooms big and clean- My husband and I (in our early 40's first trip without our kids)stayed at Ocean Sand March 18-25, 2007.From PEI, CanadaThe real truth.Check in was very fast, our luggage was delivered to our room in record time. We took a tram to our room though we did not need to the rooms are not that far from the lobby. We arrived in the evening and we could not believe how quiet it was. Once settled in our room we went to the sports bar for a drink and a snack (they serve food until 5:00am at this bar). Up early the next day and headed for the beach.Food was great. No reseverations required for A la cartes.Buffet was very good different theme everynight. The stir-fry was awesome. Breakfast excellent. Not hard to find what you like.A la cartes were excellent. We went to the Mexician twice, Route 66 twice, Dominician Cusine once and Italian once. The service at these restaurants was wonderful.The beach was wonderful and they had a lot of activities going on. We were there to relax and walk on the beach and enjoy each others company. When walking the beach we noticed that this resort had one of the nicest beaches it was large and lots of room to spread out so you did not seem like you were sitting on top of other people. We did not have any trouble getting chairs and did not rush to the beach early in the morning to save a chair there were always lots to choose from even under the shaded areas.Oh yes buffet at the beach La Cana was also very good and served food from 11am until 6pm.The bars were a lot of fun especially the pool bar at the pool closest to the beach johnny the bartender was wonderful and provided great service. Choices of premium liquor are available all you have to do is ask. They even had bud lite beer in the bottle this made us very happy. We were not there to whoop it up every night but did manage to have some fun and when you are ready for bed the hallways are very quiet and you cannot hear your neighbors.Rooms were very clean and big. The bathrooms are all marble with double sinks and whirl pool tubs. LOTS OF HOT WATER AVAILABLE NO PROBLEM THERE.Did not see a bug only a dragonfly one day going to the beach.I have said enough we would definately return to the resort.Staff very nice and worked very hard to please.Just say no to Royal group when they want you to listen to their speal about becoming a member.Reason rooms quiet because all activity in evenings takes place up near the lobby in the little town area with restaurants and bars.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Caliegh
<Content>It Was Paradise My Husband myself and our 5yr old daughter stayed at Ocean Sands March 6 to 13th 2007. I really didn't know what to expect when travelling to another country, this was our first time in the Caribbean,.. I must say that Ocean Sands was very impressive upon arrival. After an early morning start we arrived at the hotel early evening and were offered drinks and cool cloths while we waited to check in. I had requested by email a room overlooking the pool or beach but was not granted that. We were given a room at the back of villa 7 overlooking wild bush with a fence going all around the property and a 24hr security guard standing there to keep whoevers not supposed to be there out. We did however end up having our room changed because of the nauseating airfresh/cleaning smell that was so strong it was giving us an instant migraine headache, we were moved to Villa 8 after about 11/2hrs and all was well, we had the same view only the security guy was a little further away. The rooms were nice and clean, the beds were fairly comfortable, the bathroom was huge with double sinks and a juccuzi tub..it is true what others have said..I found between noon and 6pm there is no hot water, I took several cold showers,my husband would shower after 6pm his water was HOT.FOOD..Well..what can I say about the food..There was plenty of it, Breakfast was always good..Fresh omlettes cooked that way you like it with whatever you want in it, there was this cook that made amazing crapes and pancakes with fresh fruit..all the juices were freshly made at the juice bar, they also had smoothies..Every day they would put out different meats like ham cooked a different way one day they would bbq it, the next day it would be glazed with a sweet sauce.We almost always ate lunch down at the beach buffet, that was our favorite, for some reason it just tasted better. They served pasta. pizza, fries, salad...on an open grill outside they were making hotdogs, burgers, cutting up fresh fruit, they had 101 different desserts with ice-cream ( I found the desserts very bland) Supper was usually the main buffet..we did try the Italian but found that the wait was so long and the food really wasn't that good..we had ordered Lasanga..it was tasteless and not very hot..it was hard to get into any of the a-la-carte unless you were elite or were there 1/2 before the restaurant opened, also you can not save seats for anyone.BEACH..The beach was AMAZING, the sand was soft the water was Green/Blue, the waves were incredible, you could walk for miles and miles, there are the beach vendors that really only bother you if you walk close to the huts..if you walk down by the water they will leave you alone. If you do want to buy something they want you to pick out 3 or 4 things then they will give you an outrages price then you start to barter..only pay what you think it's worth, I know I payed a little more for some of the stuff, I kept thinking that they really don't have anything..they really do live in poverty.POOLS....The cleanest, best kept pools I think I've ever seen...Both bars were open, we swam in the pool that was a little quieter, the Party Pool was the one closer to the beach...we did go early in the morning to get loungers because by 9am most were taken with the umbrellas..the swim up bar was fully stalked and opened at 10am..The best drinks were Pina Coladas..Miami Vice..Professionals..all loaded with rum..(I'm not a rum drinker but these were excellent) beware of the Pina Coladas they use pure coconut milk which acts like a laxitive :) start of slow with those. Our pool barteneder was great..very happy..always smiling.The staff are very hard working, they keep this resort very clean. I found them to be very friendly people always greeting you as they pass by. We took our maid little gifts for each day that we were there and left her some money, it really wasn't much but to her it was alot. Driving from the airport to the resort showed me the poverty in which these people live..some in more poverty than others, but still the people on the streets were smiling and waving to us. I really have no negative comments about this resort..I would go back in a minute. We had a fabulous time, my sister got married on the beach, my daughter was a beautiful flowergirl, the weather was perfect for 7 days..what more could we ask for....IT WAS PARADISE  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>duston
<Content>Could have been better I stayed at the Ocean Blue resort from the 10-17 of March 2007. I must say I had a great time, the resort's grounds were nicely kept, and the weather was beautiful, but there were several problems. Airport- Nothing to do with the resort, but as soon as you make it throgh customs people are trying to grab your bags, to take them the 30 feet to the taxi, don't let them do it. They also do it when you arrive back at the airport, these guys are everywhere. You also get your picture taken when you get off the plane with some Dominican ladies, I didn't even know they were taking my picture, it was a rush job, but you can buy your picture when you leave for $8USD. The airport when we left was packed, all flights come and go very close to one another so be prepared.Water-Let's start off saying, yes, there is a problem with the water pressure and depending on which villa and room in that villa you stay you may or may not ever have hot water. Sometimes it gets pretty warm, but never hot. The tub, don't even think about using it, it is a waste of space and what is with the window into the bathroom?Staff-You see the same people working there all the time, I don't think they ever go home or live in the basement or something. Most of the staff were very friendly but compared to US standards of service, they were not the best. Usually had to wait for drinks, it was usually faster to go to the bar myself, and it did take a while to get food at several of the restaurants. The pool and lobby bars stayed the busiest and I had a hard time getting drinks, usually only 1 or 2 barkeeps at a time working, should have been more. They all know a little bit of english, some of the ones waiting tables should have known more, had a lot of problems in this area. I didn't tip much and I don't think it affected my service at all. But to each his own.Food and Drinks-Many people in our party did come down with some stomach problems, possibly caused by the food. It takes a while to get use to down there and it is medicore at best. I am in the military and it tasted very much the same. The fruit is wonderful and you will find several items at each restaurant that are good, but it is all hit and miss. The drinks were very good, miami vice and bananna mama are the best drinks there and don't forget you are in a foreign country, don't drink bud, the national beer, Presidente, is very, very good. Other- The pools get noisey at time with there stupid crazy games they get very old after the first day. I am there to relax people and the hola senor, hola senora song gets very annoying. The pools were nice, but one stayed very dirty, we even think someone threw up in it and it was never cleaned up for a couple of days. The big jacuzzi was nice, but the kids used it as a kiddie pool and it really wasn't warm, just a smaller pool. You must get up early to get a chair at the beach or pool cause they go fast and people usually save at both just in case.Also, make sure you brink plenty of cash, US dollars are fine, for no one except to check out and the spa accepts credit. If you decide to do anything off the resort you need cash. There is an ATM but it only has Dominican Pesos, not US dollars. Also the Royal guys (timeshare people) are very annoying, but the people at the resort said the are planning on kicking them off as soon as possible. Always haggle with all the people selling stuff, this includes off the resort activities and the beach market or in town, they will come down on their price. Also, all the extra activities are very expensive. In the end the Dominican Republic and Punta Cana was a nice place to visit, but I won't be going back anytime soon.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	3	3	2	

<Author>ciulita
<Content>The best vacation EVER! We stayed at this resort from March 3rd to 10th. We are 3 girls aged 28 - 32. I have travelled to various 4-5 star resorts throughout the Caribbean over the last 10 years and found that this one was truly one of the best. What did we like?The beach is gorgeous and kept very clean.The food is wonderful and there is lots of variety (we actually ended up eating at the buffet most nights because it was so good!)You MUST eat at the beach grill one night for the lobster - it's HUGE and well worth the $35 USD.The staff are phenomenal and were always willing to assist us.The facilities are kept very clean.We loved Mike's Coffee House - it felt like Starbucks! (They even have Tazo teas!)We did have some problems with our hot water once or twice as per some previous reviews, but we managed just fine. Overall, I think people need to understand that they are not staying at the Ritz Carlton, instead, they are in another country where the standards may not be exactly the same as at home. Remember...you're on vacation! Make the most of it, relax, and have a good time! For all of those folks out there who like to dance - you HAVE to try Mangu (a disco not far from the resort). We had a blast there - it's open until 6am! Ariete wasn't bad either (we were shuttled there on Wednesday). Just one little FYI - if you are looking to purchase souvenirs, the beach shops have EXACTLY the same thing as the market in town. So unless you want to go into town for the experience, it's really not necessary. You'll find what you need on the beach. PLEASE don't pay the asking price - it is usually at least 5 times what the item is actually worth! Bargain, bargain, bargain, and don't be afraid to walk away...you'll probably find the same thing at the next shop anyway. The best time to shop is around 4:30pm, just before they close - you can almost make any deal at that time!Overall, we truly enjoyed ourselves. The resort had lots to do for everyone - guests included families, singles, couples, and seniors - you can't go wrong! We would definitely go back!Quiremos decir 'hola' a todos de nuestros nuevos amigos y muchisimas gracias! We miss you!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Capitalvacationers
<Content>Fantastic Stay! We just returned from a 1 wk stay at the resort. It was 20 years since we last vacationed in the Caribbean, and this vacation was even better! Our group consisted of my wife , our 17 yr old son, and his friend. Everything went as expected, the arrival was awesome- the lobby is very impressive, and we got adjoining rooms which was what we had requested. The resort was busy but we did not have any bad experiences with the service, restaurants or activities. Our room was in Villa #5 facing the pool , the decor in the room was well done, with marble in the bathroom and tiles in the living area. We even had a jacuzzi tub - no problems with hot water or pressure. We are typically picky people with respect to accomodations and food, but we really enjoyed all the food served in the buffet, and restaurants. Due to the fact the resort was fully booked the restaurants had waiting lines but this was manageable if you lined up approx 30 mins before they opened, or were willing to return for later servings which we did - The Italian restaurant was very impressive, even for an Italian like me. The antipasto was a treat by itself, very well presented and tasty-the main courses were also good! No meal left us wanting more- the buffet had incredible choices, strip loin steaks were grilled to perfection , vegetables galore, side dishes, on and on.. Sure the food tastes differently than back home but that's part of visiting a different country. The beach area was gorgeous. White soft sand everywhere. The weather was perfect each day- breezy, hot and bright!Staff were always busy cleaning and maintaining the beach area. The water was warm, and fun. We used the kayaks, and found this to be a nice break from our daily lounging. Book a banana boat activity, you'll get wet but it is a lot of fun...Walks on the beach were very enjoyable- especially when we knew it was rotten weather back home! Loungers were an issue. This was one of the few irritating things with the stay. We learned that the best way to get one was to go out at 9:00 am and reserve these - although this was tough to guarantee ... I had reserved 4 loungers our 2nd day but after returning from breakfast found that someone had taken the loungers. Luckily others were freed up later that morning. One other dislike was with the lighting in the rooms. Fluorescent bulbs were being used but these were just too dim for the lamps in the rooms. Not a major issue.  The 17 year olds liked the pool, beach and meals. The disco was supposedly the in place to be at :). They both worked out each day in the fitness centre and had no complaints. Nightly entertainment consisted of a majic show on the first night which was top notch! and daily shows featuring different dance routines. These were average but enjoyable. We developed a routine that had us visiting the sports bar for a few games of pool before our supper, then off to the theatre, and back to our rooms for tv or hanging out in the impressive lobby, or at Mike's for great coffee outside.  Our last day had us leaving late in the day but the hotel provided us with a courtesy room to shower an prepare for our departure. Very nice touch when the hotel is so busy! Tips are always appreciated by the staff and vendors. Daily wages are lower than back home and a $1 tip goes far for these folks.Overall we were very impressed with the quality of the resort's accomodations, service, food and extras. We highly recommend this resort to folks. I was worried with reading some of the reviews but with a little common sense and appreciation that this is a different country than we live in- we really enjoyed the stay!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tardytravellers
<Content>Absolutely Spectacular! My husband and I arrived at Ocean Sand Golf Sand Resort on Feb. 24/07 and departed on March 3/07. We have nothing but praise for the resort. Our room was in Villa 9 overlooking the pool. We had a perfect view of both pools and the ocean from our balcony. We were never bothered by noise from the pool areas. Our room was kept spotless and clean smelling by our wonderful housekeeper, Georgina. She kept our fridge well stocked with water, pop and beer. The bathroom was spotless. We thoroughly enjoyed the food in all of the many restaurants but particularly in the Buffet. The staff, in all areas of the resort, goes above and beyond to make your stay memorable. The Ocean pool staff are consistently friendly, polite, hard-working, gracious and happy. We particularly enjoyed meeting Jose and Zoila, two very dedicated pool-side workers. Their work ethic and positive attitudes were admirable. We would very much like to return to this resort to meet these wonderful people again. All in all, we had a fantastic vacation at Ocean Sand. Can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tracey44
<Content>Excellent resort My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Sand resort Feb 14 till Feb 21. It was an excellent hoilday! The sand and the ocean were amazing! The staff members were all so friendly, exspecially at the lobby bar. The rooms were clean with no musty smell. We had a top floor in villa #7, we would pull the day bed out in the afternoons for a nap. Sometimes there was beer in the fridge sometimes not. If you tip a few dollars you might find some. The food was good. Sometimes bland but they have to appeal to the masses. We went to gourmet night at the buffet and it was incrediable. The food was served from inside the kitchen. You could see the cooks preparing pastry and stuff for the next day. The food was excellent. Everything from pasta to cavier. The main buffet was very good, always an assortment of food. Let me tell you these people make the BEST french fries and pizza we have ever had. We were told there was a dress code for some of the restaruants but in fact many of the men had blue jeans on.We attended a few of the night shows which were entertaining, its not Vegas , but still fun. There was a disco and casino but we never attended. We would recommend taking the Outback Safari. It was incrediable. You got to go into towns and see how they live, up to a ranch for lunch and then end the day boogie boarding, which I had never done but sooo fun! We really never saw any time share people, the beach vendors are annoying and there really isn't anything to buy anyway. We brought home rum and coffee. Mikes coffee house is excellent! The only negative things about the resort is that people reserve beach and pool chairs in the am and then they sit empty for the majority of the day. I don't understand why you want to sit around a pool all day when you have the ocean right there. The cigarette butts were also disgusting on the beach. This isn't the resorts fault but smokers. Put your butts in a glass, make sure there out and throw them out. I would recommend this resort and would go back myself. It was a wonderful, stress free holiday! Couldn't ask for a better place!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>seecarola
<Content>Will never return to this hotel... We stayed at this hotel last August, 2006. We are a very simple family of 4 who are not hard to please. Our children ages are 10 yrs. old and 14 yrs. old. We love the beach, good food and love to play tennis. Check in: We checked in and waited about 3 hours for our room. Our room was very dissappointing from the beginning. We had a back view of a dirt road where the trucks and cars would be going by. We tried changing our rooms. We looked at other rooms that were in worse condition than ours. Considering that this is a fairly new hotel, the furniture is worn and dirty. Our bathtub had big roaches crawling inside. Beach: My husband had to get up at 6am to get a shade under the coconut trees and there is no shade. Already by 6am, mostof the lounge chairs were already reserved with towels left from the night before. Some visitors never removed their towels for the entire stay. I really don't blame them because there are no other shaded parts to get protection from the sun. There are noocean view rooms or very minimal. Don't be fooled if they offer you ocean view, as there is none. Pool: The pool was very huge with limited shade. The poolis located in the middle of the 2 lines of the hotel accomodations, which make it noisy. Beach towels were very worn. Food: Food was okay at the buffet, but nothing spectacular. The Italian restaurant was the best one, although, I would not compare it to the average Italian restaurant in New York City. Mike's Coffee Shop was not as great as the reviews I read. The pastries were not good at all, but at least the coffee was hot, which you couldn't find a hot cup of coffee in the other restaurants by the time it reached your table. Don't bother having the seafood dinner at the beach, it is not worth the money. Entertainment: Very boring and lacked dancing and entertainment skills. The bowling alleys are half working; most of the time, the ball was not returned and the attendant had to be going to the back to retrieve your ball. The score keeper wasn't working. Also, the waiting time is ridiculous; we waiting about 2 hours for one game. The hotel provides for 1 free game per person and the games are very expensive. The reason we went bowling is because there is not much to do at night. My son, who is 14 yrs old and very sociable complained that there was not much to do. He did get to meet some teenagers who complained about the lack of entertainment. Service: Overall, it is very bad. Also, it had nothing to do with a language barrier as I speak Spanish. They were not interested in helping you or serving you, even if you left a good tip. Even though we left good tips from the time we arrived to the time we left, we were never provided with the simple service that we would have liked. Tennis Courts: The courts were not properly built with the proper measurements. They are too small. You have a fence behind you which doesn't let you have a full swing. My son damaged a very expensive racket with the fence. Definitely when you think of a caribbean vacation, you think of luscius palms and trees. You will not find that comfort here.There is no greenery, only cement all around the facilities.The trolley disperses diesel fumes all around the facilities.The most beautiful part of this trip was walking along the beach in the morning when it was quiet and also looking at the other hotels along the beach. Along this walk, we also wished that the shades that the other hotels had would have been at the Ocean Blue Hotel. We have visited other parts of the Dominican Republic and we would recommend that you visit Punta Cana, but not this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grear
<Content>good weather, good food, good times.       bowling far left, small rest right  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>WinterBlues06
<Content>4+ Star Vacation..........Awesome We were a party of 4 adults (my husband, my sister, her husband and me) from Winterpeg, MB, Canada. We arrived at the Ocean Blue / Sands Resort on 31 Jan 07 and stayed until 14 Feb 07. This resort is so awesome; friendly staff, clean rooms and grounds, safe environment, fun activities and the food is excellent!!!!! If you can't have a good time here then you should stay home cause it was wonderful. During our entire stay we had a two hour drizzle, which we enjoyed while swimming in the pool (with our drinks) and one late night rain that didn't effect any of our activities because we were already back in our rooms. The rain made it even hotter the next day. Everyday was 30+ and sunny, sunny, sunny and to make it all that much sweeter....... Winnipeg went into a deep freeze -47 while we were there!There is an endless supply of delicious food, the drinks (top brand names) never stop flowing and the entire staff is friendly. We tried to learn a new word for this trip little which is pocoto. This was because the liquor flowed a little too freely but all the bartenders simply laughed at us a said is all inclusive, why pocoto? You have to love it!!!I think this resort is perfect for anyone looking to have a great vacation in the sun!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dhn
<Content>A Nice Vacation! We were at the Ocean Sand/Blue Resort from February 10th - 17th. There were 6 of us, 2 in our early 60's, 20 in the early 50's and their 2 teenage daughters. Our trip out of Toronto was with Skyservice and we were in line at 1:15 pm for a 4:30 flight; as a consequence, when we snaked our way to the counter, we were first for our flight and got 6 across for the exit row (30 on the 757's). TIP: If you're on that flight, eat at the airport before boarding. The flight didn't get to PC till 10 pm PC time and by the time everybody cleared customs, found the bus, arrived at the resort and checked in, it was after 11 pm. Our bags didn't get to the room till after midnight. We had emailed the resort earlier to try to get a unit close to the beach and an upper floor. We got unit 9 (the second closest to the beach) on floor 3. The rooms were not adjoining but close.By the way, all previous reviews for this resort mentioned the fact that beach towels were provided in the room upon arrival. No longer. I guess they must have just switched to the card process. No big deal other than the first morning when you had to exchange the cards for towels. The booth opened at 8 am PC time (meaning about 8:15 am).  There are 2 large pools, the quieter blue pool, the more active, noisier yellow pool and, finally, the large beach area. We used the beach a couple of days and stayed at the blue pool the other days. I refer to the colour because the umbrellas and lounges are either blue or yellow. The blue lounges have mats, the yellow are just the canvas material. TIP: Want to ensure a location with an umbrella (at this time of year, anyway?) at 7 am--no problem. at 8 am--maybe a few locations left. at 9 am--forget it. (add about 1/2 hour to times for beach). Not much point repeating everything that many other reviewers have said since I'm sure you're doing as we did .... read a whole bunch of reviews on the site to get a feel for what to expect. I will mention a few things, though. The rooms ARE dark with their use of those little power saver bulbs. I brought down 2 - 150 watt bulbs for the room but should have brought down 1 more for the bathroom. My wife had a hard time for makeup purposes.  I never smelled a musty odor in the room as others have mentioned. We did fall victim to the lack of hot water/low pressure a couple of times during the week---usually between 4:30 and 5 in the evening. Towel replacement in the room was a bit on the hit and miss at times. One day, the bath towels weren't replaced. Our 2 facecloths on day 1 became 1 after that but no big deal, we brought a couple of our own. One thing I noticed was that this resort only provided 1 wastebasket per room, not two. You don't notice the inconvenience of not having a second one until there isn't one. g No show stopper....just an observation. The food was ok, not terrific. We ate at 3 of the al a cartes, the Mexican (poorest service and food in our collective opinions), Dominican and the Italian. We found it funny seeing all the Americans line up to get into the American every night. No place like home, I guess. The buffets were varied--especially at breakfast. Whatever you could want, including fresh donuts made while you wait, they had. The beach buffet had less choice than the main and was always crowded at lunch, being on the smallish size. I've been to resorts where you had to book dinner times by lining up in the morning. A pain in the you know what. I really like the first come-first serve here, even if it means you lined up for a bit at the al a cartes (remeber, we were a party of 6). The entertainment....well, they tried. Just consider it about an hour a night to kill some time. Their rendition of Chicago (condensed version) was pretty entertaining but the stuff other nights was pretty lame. My wife needed access to the Internet and it was there in a small building off the main lobby area. $7/30 minutes or $4/15 minutes. All times had to be used in 1 session. Grounds were terrific looking and clean. Staff were friendly. since we were nearer the beach area rather than closer to the lobby/restaurant area, there was a 6 or 7 minute walk each time from 1 location to the other. Seemed longer in the hot sun (big problem, eh?). There is a shuttle that seemed to circle the grounds every 15 minutes or so, if so inclined. The weather was great for us all week. Every day in the mid to high 80's and not a drop of rain. Nights were in low 70's I expect. TIP: Our checkout was 1 pm for a 6:30 pm trip to the airport. Even if we did want to pay for a late checkout, we couldn't as the resort was overbooked for the next week's people coming in. HERE'S WHAT THEY DON'T PROMOTE but have available. A COURTESY ROOM. Here's how it works. The resort sets aside a block of rooms not available for weekly guests. At checkout, you're entitled to 1/2 hour in one of these rooms per room booked by your group. So, for instance, since there were 6 of us (3 rooms booked), we could have had 1 room for 90 minutes or 3 1/2 hour time slots. We chose the latter. So, at 1 pm, I selected a 4:30 pm slot for myself. That way, we could leave our towels at the pool and still have extra hoursat the pool/etc after checkout time. At 4:30 pm, we showed up at reception, got the key to the assigned room (in a unit close) and had 1/2 hour to shower, clean up, change, etc. into our going home attire. And then we returned the key and the next people would show up. The resort has more than 1 room available so more than 1 group could have the same timeslot but different rooms. Ask for the courtesy room at checkout. Oh yeah, we thought...based upon reviews here.......that we'd be inundated by the timeshare guys. Either they've been told to tone it down or some people here are somewhat sensitive. We almost couldn't find the guys some days! Finally, forgot to mention, since our week went over Valentine's, my wife and I had massages in the spa on that day. Hot stones for her ($105 US for 85 min), deep massage for me ($85 for 50 minutes). Somewhat expensive but what the heck....... Bottom Line: If you stay at this resort, you shouldn't regret. The little irritants hardly make up for the fact we got out of frigid weather to a lovely warm location for a week!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>KWcouple
<Content>Excellent stay at the Ocean Sand! I am posting this review on this hotel and also the Ocean Blue since they are the same resort - different sides. When I was looking for reviews, I discovered later that there are more reviews under the Ocean Blue. Review of Ocean Sand/BlueI will start with an explanation of who we are and what we expected from the resort as this may help if you are looking for the same things. My husband (32) and myself (29) went to the Ocean Sand from Feb 5-12. We chose this resort because of a few things - was fairly new, had all suite rooms, had no-reservations and unlimited a la carte reservations, the coffee bar, and rating was 4 plus. We were looking for a place where you could relax, enjoy good food, and though we don鈥檛 care too much about partying night life, want to be able to stay up with some drinks if we鈥檙e in the mood. I also wanted a clean resort, and a more spacious room. I will give a pretty thorough review - so hopefully this is helpful info.1- Check in - our flight arrived late - so we got to the resort around 10:30 (陆 hour ride from airport - no problem). Check in was smooth - and we had a bell boy drop us off with our luggage at our room. We were placed in villa 8 originally (we did not upgrade and were booked on the Ocean Sand side)2- Room: Our initial room was okay. It had 2 queen beds, a couch area, bathroom etc. I would have been fine with this room, although we preferred a king sized bed so decided to ask the next day. This room did have quite a musty smell and looked onto the fence area - not great but this wouldn鈥檛 have bothered my stay. At about 10am the next day, we went to the check in desk, and asked to be moved to a room with a king bed. The man at the desk was great, switched us and said he couldn鈥檛 get a view - even though I didn鈥榯 ask for a 鈥渧iew鈥? To our surprise, our new room (villa 7) overlooked the middle of the resort and grounds and had a king sized bed - and much less musty smell (so to me, this was a great view after all!!). This change took only 1 hour and they were very accommodating. I would highly suggest to ask for the change if you鈥檙e not happy with your original room because we considered staying put, but were so glad we asked! Room was very clean, maids cleaned every day by the morning (sometimes fresh towels come later in the day), there was easy room safe use, ironing board and iron and coffee maker. The only snag is we found was beer for the fridge. Our maid always left us lots of what we wanted for- water, diet pepsi, but left us a note saying 鈥渘o hay cerveza鈥?I had read that all roms had beer in the mini fridge now and not just the upgraded rooms. We would have called guest services, but didn鈥檛 really miss this as drinks are so readily available. Another tip - we discovered later in the trip that to deadbolt your room at night, turn the door handle upright. 3- Grounds: Beautiful resort grounds! Very clean, great layout, well kept grounds. We especially enjoyed the 2 pools. The one pool closer to the beach had more of a 鈥減arty鈥?atmosphere - with activities, busy swim up bar etc. The other pool had a more quiet, relaxed atmosphere - and also a swim up bar! This pool had more cushioned loungers, but the yellow ones are fine too. We also really liked the 鈥渞estaurant鈥?area - all set up in a little 鈥渧illage like atmosphere鈥?The beach is of course beautiful ! There were always loungers, although the shaded palapa type areas were taken early in the day - but I鈥檓 there for the sun! If you want one of those, head down by 8 or 9am I would say.4- Food: This would be the only area I may give 4-4.5 out of 5. Don鈥檛 worry - we weren鈥檛 disappointed by the food - just sometimes a bit repetitive (same side dishes at a la cartes for example with what I had) The breakfast buffet was great - as expected, all the usual eggs, bacon, breads, pastries, yogurt, bagels, fresh egg/omlette station, crepe station , fruit, juice. We never wanted anything else. Lunch - main buffet was great too - fish, side dishes, pizza, burgers etc - pasta too. We found that we preferred the beach buffet though since you don鈥檛 need to change - guys mostly wore shirts, girls can just wear a sarong over their bathing suit. Here they have a smaller selection, but fresh grilled burgers and hotdogs, and BBQ chicken, fries, fresh made pizza, salad, and other stuff too. One day they grilled outside which was great! Dinner - we found the dinner buffet on the night we went (Dominican night) - was kind of disappointing - but maybe we just weren鈥檛 trying the right things. However, we could have easily went to route 66 for something else - so no big deal. We tried all of the a la cartes too- and really loved the no reservation system, you never have to 鈥渂e anywhere鈥?at a specific time. Route 66 we didn鈥檛 think we鈥檇 really like - but the menu selection here is quite big - I had grilled chicken, and hubby had steak. We liked this place, and would have went back if we didn鈥檛 like another place. Dominican was great too - (more dressy - men must wear pants here) - I had grilled fish, Mike had a beef dish which he really liked. Italian (again men wear pants) - we both had salmon which was excellent! This was the only place we had to wait about 陆 hour - but we looked at the menu, decided we would wait, went back to our room to change and it was fine. They also have a buffet of apps which was really good! Caribbean grill by the beach had a great open atmosphere - I had shrimp with rice, Mike again had beef type of dish. Mexican I had fajitas which were great - Mike had a burrito - which was deep fried which he didn鈥檛 like so much. Overall, we weren鈥檛 disappointed by the food, just weren鈥檛 鈥渨owed鈥?as we were at Iberostar chain. I really have to comment on the Mike鈥檚 coffee bar. I knew everybody raved about this, but really this place is awesome! It is now open from 10am until midnight - so you can get a frozen latt or whatever you please in the afternoon if you like. There is a little menu by the counter - with lots of things to try. This little extra really makes this resort special and is something I miss!5- Bars/drinks- lobby bar is beautiful and in the centre of the lobby. We loved sitting in the open atmosphere and having a couple of drinks. The beer is presidente - but almost every bar I saw Heineken, bud light and sometimes corona (definitely at the sports bar, saw at swim up bars, and at beach buffet bar) There is premium liquor available too - which you need to ask for. There is clamato for ceasars. There are so many bars here - I can鈥檛 see how anybody would be disappointed! Sports bar is open late - snacks available from 11pm onward - which is basically a little buffet of wings, fries, burgers etc. When we got there some of this food was a bit cold - but they bring fresh stuff out in about an hour and we really enjoyed the wings!6-Nightlife. We went to a few of the shows - Chicago, Dominican show, magic show and Mr. Ocean Blue. They are a lot of fun - and last from 9:30 to 10:30 - we didn鈥檛 expect top quality shows, so we enjoyed them. I didn鈥檛 go to the disco, but seemed to have a different theme each night. Retro one night, all white party one night, and there was a disco crawl one night to places in town. The casino we went to one night, which isn鈥檛 huge, but we didn鈥檛 have to wait for a slot machine. It was cute! Lobby bar is open until midnight, and we were ready to head in by then or earlier every night.7-Overall service - I never had a problem with service at this resort. The staff were always friendly and didn鈥檛 expect tips. We would tip at restaurants, and whenever we were served (ie- when by the pool and a waitress brings you a drink or whenever we had a couple of drinks from the same server) We also tipped at the coffee bar, since they seemed to work such long days, and always gave great service. I loved the staff - so kind and friendly.8- Gym facility - the brochure says it opens at 9am - but in fact it opens at 8am now. There are 2 treadmills, 2 elliptical, 3 bikes, and the usual weight machines, free weights. It is air conditioned. The treadmills were taken up pretty quickly if you鈥檙e a morning person like me, but there is always something free.鈥淥ther鈥?br/>Yes, the time share guys are there - by the buffet in the morning. They will try to get you when you leave. But, the first time, we listened to him for a couple of minutes, then he asked us to come back for about 15minutes, I said no, that I needed to get to the beach, and no thank you. They try to persuade you, but just keep walking, say no thank you and it鈥檚 fine. They can鈥檛 force you to stay! Or another trick I found, was when you leave, you can get the 鈥渄aily Ocean Sand/Blue new鈥?and read it on your way out! (this brochure tells you the activites, buffet specials and if there are any restaurants unavailable for the night - so I would pick one up every day - they are also available at guest services.Golf - is expensive at the Sands next to the resort. It is not finished yet, so you can only book 9 holes - from 7am to 1pm. It was 105 US per person for 9 holes, plus 30 for rental clubs. So we didn鈥檛 golf, but if you are interested, it may be worth looking into a package deal? Internet access is available for $4 US for 15 minutes - about 5 computers here. Also I saw $3 for wireless connection here for 15 min.  Overall we really loved this resort and had a great time. I would highly recommend this resort!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>neveragainMontreal
<Content>Someone Sure Dropped the Ball on this One We started our vacation by finding out 10 minutes before boarding our plane that the Ocean Sands had overbooked and that we were being Downgraded to another resort along with about 100+ others. When we finally did get a room at the Ocean Sands we waited 3 hours for our room with no working phone!!! I understand mistakes do happen but a customer shouldn't be compensated by first of all being downgraded and second we didn't even recieve an apology or recieved any compensation or exceptional customer service to try to sway our impression we were left with!!! Great resort!! Great food!!! Premium alcohol!!! Are lacking in the customer service emormously!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	1	2	4	

<Author>febeek
<Content>Excellent, excellent, excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My husband and I are in our mid forties and went to Ocean Sand Resort with another couple and girlfriend on Jan. 30th to Feb. 6th.The resort is absolutely beautiful and is a perfect size. Not too big and not too small.They greeted us with open arms. The entire staff was always smiling and saying Hola (hello in Spanish).ROOMSWe were very fortunate to have such beautiful rooms. We were in the last complex next to the beach. We were in the Elite Club rooms. My husband and I had a corner room that had two balconies attached to our room. We would sit on our deck in the morning and have a cup of coffee and look at the beach and ocean. Our rooms were very spacious. Our bathroom had a jacuzzi tub and corner glass shower. Our room was great. I am a very fussy person when it comes to cleanliness and I was thoroughly pleased with the room. I felt very comfortable and was very happy about our choice of resorts.POOLVery clean and always found a chair in the morning to reserve.Bar service was also available to you while you suntanned by very friendly staff. There was a very special pool bartender that we totally admired. RAMONE was his name. He was absolutely fantastic. Please treat him with great respect. He deserves to be acknowledged. He gave us great service and is such a nice, wonderful man that works very hard. BEACHVery beautiful and lots of room to be in the sun or shade. Get up early to reserve a spot. Please don't reserve a spot if you don't use it. This is very disrespectful to the other guests. You can also walk for miles along the beach for some exercise. BUFFETLots of variety with different theme dinners in the evening. Desserts were very bland, meals started to taste the same. The Lobster dinner at the beach ($35.00 per person) was outstanding. We would highly recommend this to everyone. The lobsters were absolutely huge. If you get tired of the buffet, try the a la carte restaurants. CASINOTypical small casino. Read reviews before we went and they said they were a total rip off and I have to tell you that I had a totally different experience. I put $20.00 in a nickle machine and won $876.00. That was an uncomfortable experience. I don't think this happens too often because I had 3 staff members surround me with walkie talkies and talked Spanish amongst each other while they were verifing my winnings. It took about 20 minutes before they would pay me out. I went the next night and put in $20.00 and won another $70.00. I was very lucky to be ahead $906.00.ENTERTAINMENTWe did not make it to one evening show. We were in bed by 9:00 everynight because we were always up so early and on the beach all day. Very tiring to lay in the sun, cocktailing, swimming and eating all day long. (ha, ha,ha)THINGS I WOULD RECOMMENDDon't overpack. The airport charges you $12.00 US for every kilo that you are over. Since there is such high humidity, your clothes will weigh more. Take alot of $1.00 bills to tip. The cleaning ladies appreciate alot of toiletries like toothpaste, stuff from the dollar stores, candies, chips etc. If your are from Canada, they love Canadian souveniers. Take your own snacks like Pringle chips chocolate bars etc. Chips are $5.00 US and chocolate bars are $2.00- 3.00. Take your own water toys, air mattress, frisbees, water balls, sand toys if you are into building sandcastles. Take Bounce sheets to put in your suitcases and in your drawers. Things can start to smell mildewy because of the humidity and ocean air. The shopping is quite poor. There really is nothing to buy except those cheesy souveniers. Take lots of sunscreen. Remember you are closer to the equator and the sun is very intense. Trust me, I usually use an accelerator and never burn but I used a suncreen with a SPF 8.I would highly recommend this resort to everyone that I know.For our second week in Punta Cana, we stayed at Grand Palladium Punta Cana and were very dissappointed with many situations that arose with that resort. Elaine  Frank from Alberta, Canada  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Winnipeggers
<Content>Everything we hoped for and more               
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sonia&Eliseo
<Content>Amazing clean - fun resort We booked with Tripcentral.ca and it was a signature vacation package. This was our first time travelling with our 2 klids. 3 year old girl and 18 month old girl. Let me tell you we had the best experience I could imagine. Starting off with the flight Sunquest leaving from Toronto terminal 3. Everything was amazing and they even served us a meal on the flight. When we arrived to Punta Cana the bus ride was bumpy but nothing to worry about. We finally get to the resort and it was everything we expected and more. The only downfalls were that we requested a joining room and we did not get that. We stayed in villa 8 room number 8105 and it was great. If you could stay in Villa 9 that would be the perfect location. You would be in the middle of the the beach and all restaurants. We had minor porblems with our room. The shower started leaking abit and we were on the main floor which was abit noisy in the morning and late night with people going back to there rooms. The playmakers were great and many kids activites going on. They really had a great time with the popcorn in the kids playhouse and the disco for the kids everynight.The beach is beautiful and waves everyday. They come by in the morning to clean the seaweed on the sand and it is really beautiful.Food--We did not like the mexican rest. and the main buffet was the best place for dinner b/c of the variaty you have. The Italian was also really good. You need to go early to avoid a wait and you need to dress up for the sit down dinners.Mikes coffee house was the best place for lattes and expressos. That was our nightly stop and rememebr to request the cheesecake that they keep in the back unless you ask for it. Really good. Tip-We would tip the maid and she would treat us really good and leave a case of water and flowers as for the restaurants the waiters will treat you really good. The only problem is most of them don't know how to speak english so hard to communicate with them at times.Overall-Great beach, weather amazing, pool huge and the place very clean and well maintianed!! Would go back!!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>-o-holiday-lover-o-
<Content>An amazing experience       Room 10104  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzannederbyshire
<Content>Fantastic, Cant Wait To Go Again. We have just returned from ocean sands, it was truely paradise,The beach is the whitest we have ever seen, and the sea is so blue.The staff are so friendly and all have a Hola for u , they cant help u enough always so happy. our room was a junior suite , which was lovely, very spacious and a well stocked fridge Water Soft drinks and Beer. We had a large bathroom 2 sinks and a jaquzzi fit 2 in easy :). Buffet breakfast was fantastic, loads of choice, lunch was good, again lots of choice. In the evening u have about 5 resturants to choose from but we always found the buffet to be good so only tried one of the al a cartes Route 66 which i didnt find was as good as they made out food was cold. This hotel is wonderfull and i would recomend it to anyone , and for sure myself and huband are going back next year.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TeamSquirrel
<Content>Great Resort!! We stayed at the Ocean Sand from Dec.9th-16th 2006 and loved it! We went with another couple (we are all in our late 20's!) and can't wait to go back! I have stayed at other resorts in the Dominican and this was by far the best! It was everyone else's first time in the Dominican and they were all happy with the experience as well!A quick overview of our thoughts:Rooms - simple, but very well kept! Room service was amazing - we left the ladies in housekeeping a little something (stuff from the dollar store) everyday on our pillow and everyday they left us something in return (besides a spotless room!!!) They left us fresh flowers and shaped the towels into cool things like swans! If we ever needed anything (extra presidente!), they were quick to bring it! They all seemed very appreciative of the things we gave them. We were amazed at the long hours these ladies put in for probably little pay.......it was nice to give a little something back...Food - buffet was typical of any other resort! Lots of stuff to choose from but you get sick of it by the end of the week. However, with the choice of all the a la carte's, we only ate supper at the buffet two nights! We found the a la carte's good and enjoyed all of them! Beach - stunning! We had no problems ever getting chairs or towels, or anything like that! On the snorkelling excursion, we went in a boat down the beach a good ways, and trust me, Ocean Sand by far has the best beach of any of the surrounding resorts!! And as for cleanliness, we found it was always clean. They rake it with a tractor at least 2 times every day!Excursions - ATV excursion was awesome! Our guide Sergio was a blast! He spoke 5 languages and has never been to school! Part of the excursion is going to a cave and that would've been worth the $40 if that was all we had done! Our guide also took us through the villages where we handed out dollar store stuff to the children and he took us to his house. - Snorkelling excursion was not so great! They just take you out on a boat not far from the resort and you snorkel on a reef. There were not many varieties of fish and the water was kind-of rough. I've definitely been on better snorkelling excursions and wouldn't do that one again!Staff at the resort - All of them were so great! Luis in the animation team was a lot of fun! And the on-site doctor was amazing when my fiancee got an ear infection! He was the nicest doctor I've ever met!! The only complaint I had for the entire week was when we were checking out and I had been charged for a collect call I made to our health insurance company! I had to speak to a manager and ended up having to pay $11 but it wasn't the end of the world! The time share guys are for sure annoying too, but if you tell them right away to leave you alone, they will! And we definitely didn't get approached by anyone to buy any drugs!!!!!! Local Vendors - There is a flea market on the beach directly beside the resort where they all pretty much sell the same stuff! DO NOT pay the first price they give you for anything! You can barter down to about 1/3 of that price always! And if you have stuff to give them (dollar store stuff, candy, etc) you can get them down even cheaper! We found that some of these men were a little miserable if you said you didn't want to buy anything from them, but they are not a reflection of the hotel! We also biked from the resort into Bavaro and found the same thing there. Some shop owners were great, others not so much! But they all sell pretty much the same stuff, so you just find one you like and buy everything there! The bartering can get annoying after a while but if you are persistent you can get reasonable prices!Don't think I forgot anything! Overall, we all had a great time and we are anxious to go back!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>isimpo
<Content>Loved the food       a la carte restaurants  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Danby60
<Content>This is paradise               
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tropical_tango_chica
<Content>my dream vacation!!!!!!!!! first i want o mention that all those people who complain about this resort are too high matiance!!!! when me and my family visited the D.R. last spring we stayed in villa number 8 and had no problems with leaks ,stolden valuables,and or such other problems mentioned in other reviews!we were very inmpressed with the service, food ,and over all clean appearance of the place.the food was always great and fresh,and if you get to the resturant a little early then you should have no problems getting a table quickly. For your referance tho ,men do have to wear pants to dinner places ,were as the dress regulations for women sre basical just not to show up in your swim suit.The pools were very clean and we enjoyed the swim up bar wich was great to have on a hot day,the water activetys were highly enjoyable for the whole family and i recomend the parasailing for a slightly extra charge(very worth your while).we also took a shuttle to manatee park which was again a great family outing as we went swiming with the dolphins and had fun watching other events going on in the park!SOME TIPS I GIVE FOR FUTER VISITERS TO THE HOTEL:we tiped the maid a dollar a day and she stuffed our mini fridge to the brim with beverages and did cute little flower arrangements on our beds etc.2) if you wan tbech towels or pool chairs WAKE UP EARLY TO GET SOME3) wear lots of sun screen ,i slathered it on and i stil got a burn4)say no to time share sharks there just ther to steal your money5)our docter recomended that we recieve hep. AB shots befor going and to take maleria pills while there (maleron works good and is child friendly pills)6)we were advised not to drink tap water or eat and dairy ,veggie ,or seafood iteams to leasen the risk of contracting disease.over all it was a great place and i love every minute we spent there.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JJRMR
<Content>Great FAMILY Resort!! This was our second time at Ocean Sand. Because we have a large family, it's hard to find a place that will accomodate us, and that's affordable as well. We have 3 kids ages 10,6  4, and we all love Ocean Sand. We found the food in the restaurants to be OK, but we didn't try the two that you had to pay extra for. We enjoyed the food at the buffet the best, as did the kids, so we pretty much ate there most the time. Mike's Coffe house is awesome, great for an afternoon coffee perk. Someone had mentioned that you can't get coffee before 9am, or food for that matter, but that's not true. My son is an early riser so we would watch the sun come up on the beach, then head to the buffet so mommy could have her caffeine  he would have some fruit  homemade donut at 7am. Before the kids went to bed we'd hit the buffet again  ask the hostess for a take out plate (they keep them behind the little podium at the entrance)  bring some fruit  stuff back to the room. The beach is beautiful soft sand, which they clean daily. The water isn't as clear as when we were in Cuba, but there are alot more waves here, so the water is always being stirred up. My kids love playing in the waves, especially my 10 year who loves to boogey board (which you can use for free). My kids actually asked to go to the kids club in the afternoon, so we'd take them for an hour or so. They have a theatre style popcorn maker, cotton candy maker, and ice cream machine. They did crafts, played games, etc. They have a huge bin of beach toys as well that you can borrow. The outdoor playground is always open. They also have people who round up the older kids for water volleyball, and other games on the beach. They had daily stretching by the water, water aerobics and dance lessons, which again my 10 year thought was great, even though it's for the adults. The pools are huge, and beautiful, the water wasn't too cold or warm. The kids enjoyed the mini disco at night, although it wasn't anything special, but fun for them anyway. We only saw one of the adult shows, and it was OK, but we don't really go for the evening entertainment....just the beach  sun!! As I said, it's hard to find a place that will take 3 kids, so for $4800 for the 5 of us....I think we did great....we're almost afraid to go anywhere else for fear of dissapointment. I would highly recommend this resort to anyone travelling with kids. We were there from Dec 10-17, just before it started getting busy, so we had no problem getting beach or pool-side chairs. Sure there were a few things that we could complain about (our ceiling light didn't work, bathtub leaked) but they came when we called and were always polite. These things to me are so minor, and I think no matter where you go small things like this can happen. Last year my 10 year old (then 9)  I did the Dolphin Island trip which was an absolute rip off  complained to everyone who would listen, but that has nothing to do with the resort. This year we all did the Outback Safari  had a great time. It was nice for the kids ( us) to learn about the Island  see what it really looks like. One other great thing about the resort is that you can book a professional photo session. We had family portraits done on the beach which turned out amazing. It's something we never have time to do at home so the pictures are really special. They don't charge for the session but you have to buy either 10 6x9's or on disc. you can take 6 in print  4 on disc, or whatever you want. We ended up liking 31 out of 59 pics, and we wanted them on disc  in print so they added up what it should cost ( prints are $8  disc $5) then you pay only 25% of that. I think we paid $180 for 31 beautiful prints in colour, bw  sepia (you choose)  all of them on disc as well. We think Ocean Sand is great  will probably be our destination for the next few years (until the kids get a bit older) when travelling with kids  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>holster
<Content>Exceded all expectations My Husband and I (3637) Stayed at the Ocean Sand from Dec 6-13 2006 and loved it. We had been to DR before, stayed at Bahia Principe San Juan and althought the resort was OK, we did not have an overall great experience in the DR. We thought we would not go back as we are avid Mayan Riviera travellers.Our experience at the Ocean Sand changed our minds!!I had emailed ahead with a few requests and all were granted. We stayed in room 9104 which was a perfect spot, the rooms were large with great balconies that even had drying racks, a nice touch for hanging towels and suits.As far as the staff they were great, we had no issues what so ever, the food was the best of any AI we have stayed at. I know this sound strange but you have to try the Dominican Restaurant and have the goat. It was amazing!! The mexican rest. made the most flavourful Fajitas ever and the Italian has this great Shrimp in an orange batter that my Hubby said was to die for.We did not try either of the Pay restaurants as the one is French food and nothing really cought our eye and the Seafood is only seafood with a set menu and I don't eat it. The buffet was great and lunch by the beach at the beach buffet was enjoyed every day, The House Wine was even pretty good.The pools are huge and the staff at the bars do their best to keep up.We went on this vacation specifically to take our open water dive course and let me say the staff at Pelicano Divers was exellent!! Our instructor was Wellington Adames, a local fellow who was amazing, he was so patient and knowledgable. If I had any other instructor I don't know if I could have done it!!If you go into town to shop, BEWARE, the vendors on the front street are Very bold, We just bypassed them, went a block further down and to a shop near the back, found a nice young man who was not pushy, told him exactly what we wanted to buy and he ran around to find it. We then bartered on it all as a package and got a great deal with great service and gave our money to someone who earned it not bullied us into spending too much. If you don't want to leave the resort to shop, the store is not too badly priced.We would recommend this resort to anyone. The layout of the resort in a long rectangle, totally flat so no issues with stairs or hills for people with kids or limited mobility. Oh Yeah did I mention they have the largest, most beautiful beach ever!!We lucked out finding this place because we got a really good deal and it worked with our time frame, what a lucky score!!Enjoy  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Be_Aware_Canada
<Content>Beware the Royal Holiday Club The Resort it's self is beautiful and well worth the money but do not get sucked into wasting your time and or money by going to the Royal Holidays Club presentation. Unfortunately I said yes to the presentation before I could do any research and now they will not give ne a refund or cancel the program. I loved the Resort itself, the food was great the beach and pools were amazing, but the last two days of my stay were ruined by this RHC scam. I would recommend avoiding these people at all costs.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>fyreball
<Content>Excellent resort Although I had read reviews here before I left, the negative reviews had me a little bit sceptical. It turns out we had nothing at all to worry about. Everything from check-in to check-out went smoothly.The grounds were beautiful and the beach was awsome. All the staff were very friendly and tried their best to cater to whatever you asked for and did it with a smile. They also have a very good Medical Facility on the grounds, which we had to use when our son broke his toe. The Doctor was really good and the insurance part was handled with no problems.There were several restaurants to choose from along with the buffet and I would say the food was above average with something for everyone. The type of clientel can change from week to week, but our experience is that this is a fabulous family vacation spot for kids up to around the age of 15. We have a 17 year old and a 5 and 4 year old. Our teenager didn't meet too many people his age but still had a good time enjoying all the activities provided around the pool and at the beach.This is exactly the same property and resort as the Ocean Blue, so I don't know why it is advertised differently. I found while shopping for the vacation that the Ocean Sand was cheaper.My only two negative points which are very minor in my opinion, and that I had also read about prior to going, is the Time Share guys who meet you everyday at the Buffet entrance. They wear golf shirts that say Royal on them and they bug you going in and out, but just say no and keep walking. You'll get sick of them after a few days. Also the language barrier I did find a problem at times. I don't expect the gardeners and cleaning staff to be able to speak to you, but certainly the Front Desk staff and Guest Services staff. They will try and do their best with a smile, but it might take a few trys to get what you want.Last thing, if you are a coffee lover Mikes Coffee is a must. If you aren't, you'll be a coffee lover by the time you leave.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>havanaclubber
<Content>Great Resort Ocean Blue/ Ocean Sands ReviewWe stayed at the Ocean Sands 17-23 December 2006. It is a beautiful resort with many finishing touches that make for a nice vacation. This was our third Punta Cana resort and sixth in the DR. The property is only two years old, so it is in pristine condition. The resort is spread out over about a half mile between the lobby and the beach. The shops and restaurants are near the lobby; the buffet is about one hundred yards in. There鈥檚 a palm-tree lined pathway leading from the buffet toward the pools, with the guest villas along the sides of the pathway and the pools. There are two very large pools, then a very wide stretch of beach. There is a trolley which runs non-stop around the resort, so any guests with mobility problems should be OK with the resort鈥檚 size. In fact, there are (steep) wheelchair ramps everywhere as well.Guest villas 鈥?10 beautiful buildings with between 70-100 rooms in each one. Each has a central courtyard with fountains or sitting areas. There are three floors in each, but only half the rooms face toward the center of the resort and the pools. The others face out towards the LTI resort on the Ocean Blue side and overlook natural growth on the Sands side. The rooms are large and very nice. Ours had two full beds with a nice sitting area, a large bathroom and Jacuzzi tub, and a good-sized balcony. There was a minibar stocked with pop, water and Presidente; we asked for diet pepsi and the maid left a 12 pack for us. There was also a coffee-maker in the room. The TV got the New York local stations and CNN. We were in a ground-floor room and had the occasional musty smell. There was only rarely a problem with lack of hot water and usually only for a few seconds. The power went out almost daily, but since the resort has it鈥檚 own generator the power was out very briefly before their own supply kicked in. Remember to reset the room power by pulling the card out of the airconditioner and inserting it again. The room safe is free and incredibly easy to use with your own code.Lobby area 鈥?the reception was always staffed and never had a line up. There is a separate guest services room and another area for the guests in the elite villas. The lobby shops include shops for cigars, jewellery, internet (high speed 4$ per 15 minutes and 7$ for 陆 hour), photos and the typical gift shop. The lobby also has an area for all the tour representatives. A-la-Cartes: Nine altogether, two of which cost extra. Near the lobby are the Dominican (excellent food), the Mexican (good food and awesome margs), Mike鈥檚 Coffee Shop (see the other reviews for the raves), the Sports Bar, Route 66 American food, the Italian (excellent steak) and the Wine restaurant (extra $). There鈥檚 another at the beach which is also good. It is a snack bar during the day and always had excellent choices (chops, burgers, pasta, fries, desserts and ice cream). There鈥檚 another Seafood restaurant right on the beach (extra $) but we did not try it. The 鈥淟ong Pants鈥?rule for men at the a-la-cartes is STRICTLY enforced.The main buffet is excellent. There鈥檚 plenty of room and the food is terrific. The breakfast is open at 6:00 for coffee/ continental and 7:00 for full-on breakfast food. There was bacon every morning. The staff are always handy with coffee, water or drinks. We did not have any problem with the timeshare salesmen outside the buffet 鈥?just look disinterested as you walk by and they鈥檒l leave you alone.The pools are huge and very well kept. There were always lots of loungers available.The beach is quite wide and has plenty of loungers also. The palapas are not the typical palm leaf covers, but square shades with cloth covers. There are a few beach vendors selling excursions and tours. There鈥檚 also a rock-climbing wall at the beach that seemed to get lots of use. The watersport folks and towel pick-up are on the right side of the beach. To the left, you鈥檒l find several huts where local Dominicans sell anything and everything. The evening entertainment was well done. Better than most of the resorts I have visited in the DR. The lobby bar has entertainment usually beginning at about 8:00 every night.There are several bars among the resort. All have efficient service and mix strong drinks. All have top-shelf liquors available, but usually aren鈥檛 offered unless requested. The bars can make Bloody Caesars upon request. The Signature reps (Deborah and Alex) are available between 0900 and 1230 and again between 4:00 and 7:00. We got Deborah to help us with a reservation problem and a room change. Unlike most resorts, they do not use towel cards. You get a couple of towels in the room to start and can exchange them at the beach. Or you can simply pick up more. I suspect many people just pick up towels every day and leave them on the chairs when they鈥檙e done for the day. We did not use the bowling alley, kids-club, spa or the casino. The gym was fairly well equipped for a resort; it had a universal, weights, a couple of bikes and ellipticals. And it is airconditioned. Overall, we loved the Ocean Sands and would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Gracieux
<Content>Overall - Safe resort, great place for memories Booked through: Cheapcarribean.comWe like this agency because it is easy to use and customer service reps are very helpful. Turinter (the agency's local tour reps in Punta Cana) are also friendly and helpful. Dates of stay: Dec 17-Dec 23, 2006Overall: A safe bet and a good place to make memories Positives: Beach very clean. Room very clean. All people very friendly. But what else do you expect? It is afterall the newest resort in Punta Cana and a high star rating. Safe place, fresh food, plently to do by way of excursions. Lots of nice people that we met from France, Germany, Mexico, Puerto Rico and, of course, Canada. Negatives: none. Perhaps a negative is that we ran out of money and the ATM is very tough to utilize (it's at another resort, may also be out of order, only dispenses Pesos) but that's out own stupid fault. Recommendations: We suggest the full day trip to Sanoa beach (85$ US per person) and the dune buggy half day event (110$ US for both). For the half day, we were going to do the 4x4/ATV's but heard the dune buggies were better. We agreed that they were fun, just be sure to bring an old, throw away shirt and shorts for the occassion. It is very muddy. You will get soaked which we thought was fun. We also recommend the trip to Sanoa. Be prepared for a 2 hour bus ride (bring snacks and H2O!) that is relatively bumpy but be assured that the sailing will not make you ill. The waters are like glass on the Carribean. (The hotel is located on the Atlantic side of the island, Sanoa which is 2 hours away is located on the Carribean sea). Finally, at the resort we suggest talking with bartendars Juani and Big Boppi and Edwardo at the front lobby bar. They are the very best there and the ones who most consistently are around during the dinner hour, therefore you can tip them a lot at once and they will be there all night to make sure you have a fresh drink. What to bring which we forgot to pack:1. Waterproof cameras (the hotel will charge you 35$ US if you want to purchase one)2. Extra cash hidden somewhere like a 100$ US bill3. Plastic baggies to store valuables while swimming, etc. 4. Extra sunglasses (mine were swallowed up by the Atlantic on the first day)5. Motion sickness pills, cold medicine and Asprin for headaches6. For the love of God bring a translation book, how did we ever forget this? Bring Spanish and French if you aren't fluent in either.7. Goggles. You will want them. Or your kids will.8. Gum and mints. Believe it or not, the breath fresheners you are used to are nothing like those sold abroad. 9. Snacks like trail mix. We did not eat one day until 1:30pm because we stupidly went on an all day excursion where the bus left at 7:30am. Really we were at fault, not the tour company, because we should have eaten breakfast and packed something to munch on while riding the bus. Fortunately we had rum and cokes to tide us over. (smile) Other items to bring:1. Items locals may like to barter for (beach markets only, not hotel stores which are not allowed to barter). Items include ball caps, sweatshirts and tee's - all men's not women's stuff.2. Old shoes to wear on excursions or to jog on the beach. My new Nike's got waterlogged. 3. Several swimsuits. Tropical areas rarely dry out items left outdoors over night. You may want a dry suit, etc. the next day. 4. Travel candle. The power went out briefly once or twice but was quickly restored by generators. Things we noticed that we'd like to share with you:Some Canadians don't tip, some Americans don't tip, some French don't tip, etc. the list goes on. For God's sake tip the people there. Think of it this way - 1$ US for every 2 drinks. So if you have 10 drinks, tip 5$ US. Over if you order more than 20 drinks in one night (shots, drinks for others). You ought to tip them more than 10$ US. They make about 150-600$ US depending and their livelihoods is indeed based upon tips (just like back in the states, or in Canada or in France). Bring 100 one dollar bills, 50 dollars in 5's, and 100 in 10's. That's good for souviners and tips. Don't forget the cleaning staff.Like many in the service industry money is not the only gift to give. Many women out there have extra jewerly or cosmetics they may like to give away. Your maid will thank you (If it's nice and new, not crappy and used up). Men - you likely have some baseball hats or sports stuff you may like to give away. DO NOT give crap. Think would I like receiving this? If it's half used, dirty after washing, or just plan disgusting throw it away. If it's in good shape and relatively new, think about bringing it to give to your favorite new people. For example, upon leaving we really wanted give our bartendar something that we brought with us. Have a wondereful trip. We will go back when we can. This is a great resort. For those of you that we met there - take care! We had a blast!!! -- Angela and Nathan; Minneapolis, MN USA  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jimslack
<Content>Dont pay extra for 5* Ocean Sands - not worth it We stayed at Ocean Sands 17-24 December, traveling Signature Tours / Skyservice. We have previously stayed in 3.5-4 star hotels in Mexico, Venezuela, and Columbia but were talked into paying over $1000 more for a 5* hotel compared to other Dominican resorts. Favourable Trip Advisor reviews played a big part in this decision. I won't repeat items reported by others except to say that the property is huge, new, appears clean, and the beach is very nice. Area seemed very safe, we did not hear about anyone having problems.US dollars only needed in DR. No need to obtain pesos, no shopping opportunities in Punta Cana except T shirts, shells, rum, beach jewellery, paintings. All low quality trinkets. Vendors moderately aggressive, salespeople selling Ocean Resort Timeshares extremely aggressive outside Cana buffet.Upon arrival, room safe was not working. We waited over 3 hours for repairman. Then we walked around property, falling into 45 cm deep hole beside pool where grating was broken resulting in cuts, bruises and sprained ankle. It took an hour for doctor to arrive, who immediately demanded payment. No apologies or condolences were offered by hotel.Signature rep Debra's orientation was not too helpful. Debra talked to hotel management who said they would send a basket and apology to room following accident, and this never arrived. Management at this hotel do not understand customer service at all.We went on Jeep Safari to typical home, typical farm, typical plantation, typical beach, all staged areas. At beach, 100 guests were kept on 100 ' stretch of surf, guide blew shrill whistle constantly if group spead out. Very annoying. Food on Jeep Safari not very good and no selection offered. Guides were very funny, lunatics all around. Cost $80 US pp. Not really a jeep trip, 3 ton trucks with cattle boxes would be better description and we were never off roads.We also went to Catalina Island, again guides made day worthwhile and food was a little better with a little selection. We expected a beach BBQ, as at other destinations, but food appeared to have been prepared, packed in and reheated. This was a long day involving 2 hr bus drive each way on poor roads $110 US including scuba, $ 90 without.Resort restaurants mediocre. All la carte restaurants had some good dishes but main dish was either cold, or side dishes were. Buffets were surprisingly better. No coffee available until after 9AM and restaurants do not open until even later. As day trips depart before 9AM, you are hungry and cannot get coffee.We were talked into prepaying $100 US for lobster / seafood combination platter at Lagostino del Caribe Restaurant. They treated us like cattle. Place was empty, yet did not want to give us a nice table, we were given a cabbage salad, no dressing, lobster and cold fries. They did not want to give us a second round of drinks, insisting on giving us coffee. Waiter did not talk to us except to say drinks and cafe? but we later saw him speaking english to other guests who arrived, and they were allowed to pick their lobster from the tank and were served a real nice looking seafood platter. Finally, we asked if our taxi driver Pedro could be called and they put us into their preferred taxi instead. We prebooked using spanish speaking rep at hotel who specified grilled lobster, mixed fish, shrimp platter and unlimited drinks. In complaining to rep later, we were simply told they can charge $180 US for a meal, so we got a deal.(?)Padi scuba shop on resort was excellent, operators very safety conscious, personable, good value for dollar. Horseback riding excellent experience.Final insult at resort was paying $50 US for one 10 minute call to Canada. Dont loose the beach towels or they will charge $20 for a $4 Walmart towel. We arrived at airport 3.5 hours before flight and requested seating together at emergency exit for extra legroom. Booking rep insisted we were at emergency exit and we were not. We paid over $1000 US for additional recreation, should have just gone to a 3* resort. We will not return to any Ocean Resort property .  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	5	3	4	3	1	2	

<Author>SeasonedTraveler13
<Content>The Resort was Beautiful, there are still some issues that need to be worked out This was a beautiful resort, it was built some time last year so everything is very new. I will start by saying I was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews already posted on TripAdvisor. There were a couple of problems but overall I would defienatly recommend this resort and probably even go back myself (in a couple of years). The resort is divided, one side is called Ocean Sand and the other Ocean Blue, we were a little confused when we were booking because they are shown as two different resorts, but they are the essentially the same. We actually stayed on the Ocean Blue side even though our tickets were for the Ocean Sand. I want to let everyone know what we thought it was actually like. (in no particular order)Beach: Nice white sand, good swimming conditions (i.e. no coral in the swimming areas) there was always space to sit, lots of water activities, at times maintenance on the beach was not the best, near the lunch buffet there were plates left on the beach and garbage laying around.Rooms: (I know it seems like a long one for just the room, but there were 2 problems) They were very nice, clean, each room has a jacuzzi tub, which was nice after a long day at the beach. We had a little problem with our reservation, we asked for 1 King Bed and we got 2 Double Beds, we went down immediatley to get it changed, but they tolled us to come back the next day(which was understandable b/c of check-in/out) so we came back the next morning and they said to us they don't know who tolled us to come back today, but there will be nothing available until, the next day. We could see this was going nowhere, and we didn't want to be switching rooms on the last day, so we advised our travel representative, she spoke to them and finally on the 4th day we got our King bed. One other issue with the room which other people experienced as well, one day after the beach we came back to our room and our key card didn't work, we were in our wet bathing suits and really want to get ready for dinner, my boyfriend walked the 5 minutes up to the front to get a new card, the new one didn't work either, after going up to the front and back 4 times (and 1/2 hr later) the front reception finally figured out that the battery in the lock must be dead, so they sent us back to wait for maintenence to come a fix it, another 1/2 hr later they came and we finally got in our room, we were both very disapointed that it took so long to resolve this matter. We went down to guest services the next day and explained our issue to them, they were very empathic to the situation and we got compensated for problem, to me that totally rectified the issue.Food: They have 9 a-la-carte resturants in the whole resort which was awesome! Although 2 of the resturants you have to pay for (one is lobster and the other is French cusine)Also, there is a Sports Bar that is classified as a resturant and it only serves 'snacks'(fries, wings, burgers, hotdogs etc) after 6pm the Sports bar also serves Budweiser Beer which I thought was awesome! A Starbucks like coffee shop that serves desserts and excellent coffee(you don't have to pay extra for it) So really there are 4 resturants A Mexican style resturant, A Dominican style resturant, An American style resturant and Thai style resturant. We went during low season so 2 of the resturants were closed each night (they rotated which ones were closed.) Plus there is always the buffet which had a decent variety of different food. I am a very picky eater and I had no problem finding atleast something I liked each night. One other comment about the resturants is that each one is decorated very authentically to the style of the resturant, I thought that was really nice touch.Pool: There is a huge pool in the center of the resort, was always kept clean, all the tiles were intact. There were 2 swim-up bars with good service.Entertainment: They have a very nice stage and seating area for their nightly shows. The shows are put on by the workers and I would say are pretty entertaining, they are your basic nightly entertainment with different themes each night. The one entertainment aspect that we really enjoyed was the bowling alley. There are 4 lanes set up just like a bowling alley around here, with computerized scoring and bowling shoes. You get one free round, and the rest are $15/US. The rest of the bowling alley has 4 pool tables, 2 air hockey tables and 2 fusball tables. There is also a bar. We would usually go for a game after dinner, which was really fun. There was also a Disco, the inside of the disco reminded me of The Guvernment, in Toronto only alot smaller, the DJ played a good mix of carribeean, dance, pop and even some requests. A couple of nights it was a really good time! There was also a Casino, we only went in once.Spa: There is a full service spa on site. It offers everything a usual spa offers, at similar pricing. We went for a massage and it was very relaxing! Overall: This resort is rated with a 4 star rating, we thought it deserves that. There is always something to do, there is a flea-market like shopping area located on the beach, you can barter. One last tip, if it rains be very careful when you are walking on the stamped concrete walkways and tiles they get extremely slippery, I almost took a tumble a couple of times, someone in our group slipped and had to get stiches.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nan1971
<Content>Very Disappointed My boyfriend and I traveled with friends and stayed at the Ocean Sands Golf  Beach Resort from April 18th to April 25th 2006. We have stayed at all inclusive resorts in Cuba and the Mayan Rivera several times with no problems that we would bring to anyone鈥檚 attention.  CHECK IN: Upon arrival check in went pretty smooth although we had requested an adjoining room which we did not get or a king bed. We stayed in 8112 and our friends stayed in 8114. ROOMS: We stayed in Villa 8 as it is close to the pool and beach and only a short walk to the buffet and main lobby. We stayed on the main level Room 8112 and 8114 (main floor). Rooms were not bad, but not 5 star quality in our opinion. I really am not a picky person when it comes to traveling, I realize that we are going to other countries and some things will be out of sort. Upon arrival in our room the safe was locked and needed to be reset so we could use it. It took the staff 4 days to come and re-set the safe after many phone calls. We had to use the safe in 8114. The Signature brochure showed that the mini fridge was stocked daily and we received 2 mini beer and a couple of waters the day we arrived and after that we had to pay for it. We would leave money in the fridge and they would take the money and not leave the beverages including bottled water. One night we had come back to room 8114 and noticed that the bathroom had flooded from the ceiling. Water soaked the entire bathroom and there were sand and rocks that fell into the shower/tub. We used every towel to clean up the mess and thought it would be a one time occurrence but it happened a couple days later but this time the entire bathroom ceiling bowed down and exploded with water. They took the ceiling slats down and it gushed everywhere. Obviously they have plumbing issues in this hotel. We also noticed that our bedding was not changed while we stayed there and the rooms were never properly cleaned. I don't think they cleaned our bathroom once the entire 7 days. The phones in the room only worked on and off. 8112 had major cracks in the ceiling and for the resort only being a year old the inside of the rooms lacked serious maintenance.POWER OUTAGES: The first time the power went out it was around 8:00pm until 12:30am. The entire resort was pitch black as they have NO back up lighting. People were scrambling looking for their toddlers in the dark. We had to go into the A La Carte restaurants and take candles off the table so we had some light and not knowing how long it would last. When the electricity goes out, so does the water. No water in the sinks, shower or toilet for several hours. We had to use our garbage can to get water from the fountains to put into the toilet tanks so we could flush. The next day the power went out again around 4:00pm when people were getting ready to shower up for dinner and again NO water. We saw people showering in the pool and one lady used conditioner in her hair and rinsed in the pool. The power came back on an hour later but the water stayed off for over 3 hours. We didn't have any more episodes during our stay. The power outage was only our resort, the others were fine. RESTAURANTS: The buffet was the best by far. There are a lot of choices and we didn't have any problems. We tried the Mexican restaurant and the food was not edible. We took one bite each and walked out and went to the buffet. The Italian restaurant was not much better but we ate a bit and then went to the buffet for some more. The restaurants are like they have all the meals pre-made and they serve it buffet style from the kitchen as you get it within 10 mins of sitting down at your table. There was one restaurant down by the beach which was pretty good, we had the beef tenderloin and we enjoyed it.  BEACH/POOL: The pool was fine, but the beach is super noisy with motor boats and helicopters constantly running by. At the beach they rope off the area where you can swim and it is pretty narrow. We couldn't go past the buoys or you risk losing a limb to the crazy boat drivers! Lots of seaweed and they don't clean up the beach. There were plastic glasses and straws everywhere. I was not impressed.  STAFF: The staff aimed to please. They were friendly but kept to themselves or would just say they didn't understand and walk away. I am surprised that the resort allows the Royal Holiday people to stand outside the buffet and try to talk you into buying into their time shares. One couple we knew did attend the 1.5 hour session and got a free massage but they want you to drop $16,000 US on your credit card right then and there as the deposit and then pay the remainder later. We had terrible experiences every day being asked by staff members if we wanted to purchase cocaine or marijuana from them. The security guards were the worst - very persistent - This is not acceptable and I informed Max (our Signature rep at the resort) of this problem. Overall I would give this resort a 2 out of 5 based on our experiences. Again, we have been to several all inclusive resorts and never complained once and had a fantastic time. To pay over $4200 for two people plus spending money on top of that, you are better off staying at another hotel and not take the chance at this one. It's funny that Signature Vacations will not recommend certain excursions off the resort as they are not safe or worth the money in their opinion, but they still will list and recommend this resort in their travel brochure.  I am extremely displeased with this trip and filed a report with Signature Vacations. It is my belief that Signature should pull this resort from their packages.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	1	3	

<Author>luvlife2
<Content>Loved it (Toronto, Canada) Just got back from Ocean Sand (Nov 19-26) had an amazing time. I'll give you the highs and lows... but overall go with an open mind and you'll be fine (it was a girls trip, 4 in total in our early thirties) Highs...1) Excellent Beach, walked for an hour and seemed like there was never and end in sight, great way to get your excercise if your not into gyms (like myself)2) Loved Dance lessons by the pool, great way to brush up on moves before heading to the Diso. And yes you will hear Hola Senor, Hola Senora and yes it will drive you nuts...still can't get it out of my head!3) Beach Grill, Italian Restaurant  Route 66 had the best food. The Buffet was good for breakfast and theme nights. Overtime Sports Bar is open til 6 am so it's great after the club to grab bugers and fries if you're still hungry.4) Never had problems with communication, most of the staff had basic engish and it helps if you try as learn a few words as well. We were luckly enough in our group to have someone fluent in Spanish  French. (Most of the staff knows french so good for the Canadians)Lows: 1) Bring a candle, room was a bit musty, but by day 2 things were good. Never needed the AC or fan just kept the balcony doors open.2) Once you leave resort on excursions, be mindfull of the pot holes, there not like home, you can get lost in those. You'll really see poverty once you leave the comforts of the resort. Makes you appreciate what you have.3) Be sure to eat pepto in the mornings to coat your stomach b4 eating, otherwise things may get ugly. Other than than that, have a ball....  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>samelee
<Content>Info U Should Know That No One Else Told You My boyfriend 32, and myself, 27 just got back from our vactation. We went Nov. 4- 12. I want to start off by saying that my overall experience was fantastic!!! I would definatly go back to ocean blue/sand resort. I just wanted to give some more info that i wish i knew before i arrived.  Start off arriving at punta cana airport.....Ladies, if u have to use the bathroom, i suggest using the one on the plane. I am not even kidding when i say that i stood in line for about 30 minutes. There are 3 bathroom stalls and you would be lucky to find a lock on any of the doors. But, there is a girl staning there handing out paper towels in hope of a tip. When u arrive u have to pay $10 for a visitors pass. Even young childern in strollers have to pay. I dont understant what this is for cuz u walk about 30 steps and u give the pass to another employee. I guess it's just another way of getting money from travelers. Make sure u know who to look for, for transportation to your hotel. I booked my vacation with funjet, and they didnt not give my any info about transportation. For example, funjet vactations are represented by V.I.P. services. So make sure u ask your travel agent who u should look for when u land.  The ride to the hotel is a bumpy one but you get to see alot of interesting things along the way. Checking in at the hotel was a disaster for us. Actually for the first 4 hours that we arrived at the hotel was pretty awful. But things like that always seem to happen to us. All the other guests had no problem checking in. Other than that, that was our only problem we had at the hotel. We are very picky eaters. We enjoyed the buffet the best. We tried all the other restaurants but we still liked the buffet the best, it had a very wide varitey. I recommend the guy who does the stir fry....very good. The thing that i disliked is that all the restaurants/buffet close @ 10:30. So there is nothing to eat late at night. They do have 24 hr room service. My favorite was mike's coffee house. The best frappachino's!!! Good latte's and excellent desserts. There is not that much of a nite life. One disco but noone was ever in there. They have shows everyday at 9:30, the shows were okay. The hotel does have a casino but it is very, very small. So if u are looking for a spring break-vegas syle night life , u better stay somewhere else.  The rooms were nice and clean and pretty good size. I was impressed how well employee's spoke english. If u need to call the maid service, dont count on them coming any time soon. Exursions........we did the ATV 4x4 so much fun!!! Also Manati park where u swim with the dolphins....that was fun too. If u go to manati park, make sure u ask them which bus will take u to the proper hotel. We took the wrong bus, so make sure u ask and they understand u!!!! We had a great time at punta cana. Oh, one last thing. There is a photographer that goes around on the beach and takes pics of people. She takes great pics. The hotel was beautiful, we cant wait to go back. If u have any questions, feel free to email. Enjoy your trip!!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mcmb
<Content>Awesome Vacation My bofriend and I had a wonderful vacation at Ocean Sand, and would love to go back there again.Resort/Beach: We were very happy with the villas and resort. Everything was clean and beautiful! Highly recommended.Weather: We stayed in Mid October. It rained for two days or so, but not long enough to make you wish that you went another time. Rain would last from a few minutes to a maximum of two hours - at least when we were there. Then it's back to beautiful blue skies and sunshine. Even if it did rain for a little bit - it happened in the evening (when we were eating/sleeping/dancing at the club) or early morning (when we were still sleeping) - so it didn't bother us. Clubbing: We liked the club at the resort. Just remember, if there are a lot of locals at the resort, then they would play more latin/salsa music. I think it's in the blood, because the dancers were all very good. This inspired my boyfriend and I to take some latin dancing lessons : ) There were a couple of nights when they didn't play much RB, hip hop, etc because it was all latin music - but we had fun anyways. When there aren't many locals at the resort, the music they play is quite similar to a club here in Toronto. Of course, you have to remember that people of all ages go there, so the DJ tries to cater the music to the crowd. We had to listen to some 80s and 70s hits - but we didn't mind and actually enjoyed them. We also made requests and were accomodated. Just a warning - the locals can be quite forward. My boyfriend got asked to dance, at least 2 or 3 times, by these beautiful Dominican girls. It seemed like it was normal there to do that, but we were just surprised the first time it happened. Restaurants: We didn't go to the buffet much, but when we did, there were a lot of selection and the food was good. We did love the a la carte restaurants. The best part is you can eat at any one of them (5 included in the package) whenever you want. We recommend the Tempura Shrimp at the Italian restaurant, and the Garlic Shrimp at the Dominican restaurant. Both were memorable and we returned the next night for more. We like trying new food, so we liked the Dominican Restaurant as Dominican food is new to us.Golfing: My boyfriend went golfing on the golf course at the resort. He had a great time, and the course was decent. Although you can rent the golf clubs, he said that he would bring his next time, particularly because Skyservice allows you to check in 1 golf bag with your luggage (packaged appropriately). He spent around $45-$60 - I think - but was told that prices were going up in November. If you e-mail the resort, they will get back to you within 1-2 days with prices. We were told that the golf course near the airport is amazing - for around $120 - you get to golf with an ocean view. You can also bring your wife/girlfriend and they can hang out by the pool, again with an ocean view. So if you're interested, ask your Signature rep.Shopping: You can get souvenirs around the beach area. In addition, one of the staff who is in charge of the bikes/tennis/archery, can take you outside the resort. In our case, Oto took us biking (in the morning) and we ended up in the shopping area where you can purchase more souvenirs. Although we didn't buy anything, it was a great opportunity had we wanted to go shopping. We felt safer going out of the resort with one of the staff. So if you are interested in doing that, go to the place where they have the bikes and find out when the staff is taking guests out for a bike ride. Tipping: We tipped the lady who cleans our room everyday, just because she did a really good job. We bought some dollarama toys/books and left one for her every other day or so - we were told that most women over 19-20 already have a child or two. Next time, I would buy more toys/books and give it to the Signature Vacation rep at Ocean Sand for the other kids who live outside the resort. Also, if you like a waiter/waitress, give your tip to him/her directly, we made the mistake of leaving $ on the table, and were later told that whoever gets it first will keep it. I guess that's common sense, but we didn't know. As someone said, the staff don't act like they expect a tip, but they do work very hard, so we just gave a dollar here and there.Activities: I was content to sit on the beach all day, but my boyfriend likes to do activities. So we went biking, played tennis and archery, and went on the catamaran with other guests who knew what they were doing and were kind enough to take us. We also went to Strike at night where they have pool tables, foosball, air hockey and bowling. My boyfriend also went golfing, did rock climbing and boogie boarding. You can also borrow boardgames at the beach club if you just want to hang out and sit. There were so many more activities that we didn't have time to do. We didn't do any safaris outside the resort, but were never bored. Overall, we had a wonderful trip!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>stewy386
<Content>Fantastic stay, Fun atmosphere...LOVED IT Date of stay: October 21-28, 2006Mike and Tiffany, Amherstburg OntarioOur stay at the Ocean Sand Resort was fabulous. It started when we pulled up to the hotel, and saw the breathtaking view of the hotel lobby. It made us forget the 40 minute, bumpy ride from the airport. When you get off the bus, you locate your luggage, but leave it with the bell hops. Then after you check in (which was very speedy) you tell the bell hops your room number, and they will bring your luggage to you within a half hour. So if there is anything that you want immediately, like a toothbrush..meds..etc, I suggest putting them in your carry on bag.There is a trolly car that circles the resort continuoulsy, but we only took it twice.. When we first arrived, just to not get lost, and when we checked out, because of all our luggage. Other than that, we walked everywhere. It really isn't all that far from place to place, and you can take in the atmosphere better while walking.The food was good....especially the omlettes in the morning. You defiantely cannot be afraid to try new foods, because there is so much to try. My favourite meal was when they had a beach party at the beach buffet/restaurant. They had a huge grill, for steaks, pork, and shishkabob. Then the regular buffet was open on the beach as well. IT was a delicious steak, and it was nice to just sit at the beach, and have a nice meal, with the dominican music in the backround.All of the restaurants were exceptionally clean, and the wait staff are on top of everything. The only restaurant that we did not like all that much, was the Italian. Our food order was wrong, they forgot the appetizers, and they didn't speak very good english in there (as they did in the others). Once our food did come correctly, it wasn't at all tasty. So needless to say, we did not eat there again. But we could have just chosen to eat there on a bad night...so try it anyway, and get your own opinion.La Casa is the Dominican restaurant, and the atmosphere was nice. Just be warned that if you do not like the Dominican food,. then you will not like your meal here. If you are one that enjoys trying new things, then you will enjoy your visit here.Route 66 is all American food, and The mexican is just that...mexican food. And of course the buffet's. There is one at the beach that doesn't have as much selection as the main buffet. But the atmoshere is relaxing eating at the beach. The main buffet is big, clean, always stocked, and has a lot of selection. My suggestion for dinner is the stir fry, They make it right there in from of you...and it is delicious!The rooms were nice, and again clean. We stayed in room 8601, with our balcony facing the first pool. Be warned that the cean view room, also face the back of the resort, with a minimal view of the ocean. You mostly see the security wall right out your balcony.Every room has a jacuzzi tub, and a stocked fridge. We had a hard time getting beer in our fridge, but we learned real quick that if you tip your maid in the morning and kid around with her, and tell her to put double the beer in your fridge, then she will every day. The same works for extra towels. I would suggest however to bring an air freshner of some sort. The rooms have a bit of a musty smell, or at least ours did. We found out later that it has something to do with what they clean the floors with. The smell was never strong enough to be a problem though.Also, the website said that the rooms had a hammock in the balcony...and they don't. None of them do. If you are like us though, it didn't matter because we didn't spend too much time in our room anyhow.We never had any problems getting a chair by the pool, or the beach. It may be because we went at a down time of the year, but no problems. I would suggest hitting a dollar store before you go, and buy yourself a floatie of some sort, like a raft. They allow them in the pool, and they do sell them at the gift shop. For what you can pay $1 for at home, they charge you $10 in the gift shop. We also didn't figure out until the third day that you have to exchange your beach towels at the beach. The maid do not replace these ones.The staff at this resort are amazing. They work exceptionally long hours, and you never see a sign of fatigue! They are all nice, funny, and don't expect tips. Though when you do tip them...you get that extra special service. Ou favourite bar tender was Domingo. He was at the pool bar from 9am til 6pm, then at the lobby bar from 6pm until 12am. He always made it fun. He would sing, talk to you, laugh with you...even dance with a drink on his head! As I said, they are all extremely wonderful people...but Domingo made an impression with us. Another thing I noticed about the workers...is they LOVE kids. They always went out of their way to stop and say hi to the little ones, give them a quick touch on their cheeks...give them a treat...etc. So if you are travelling with kids...no worries. They are treating great, and there is lots for them to do there!We did one excursion....The jungle safari. Although we read all great reviews, we were not impressed. I think maybe because we didn't have the best tour guide, and our truck was full of older people (for lack of better words), and were not really on this tour to party The other bus's all seemed as they were having fun, music loud, singing, drinkin..etc. So again, form your own opinion of the excursion...we are merely 2 people that wish we hadn't spent our money on it.If your like to stay up all night, and have a few drinks, and dance, the resort does have a disco that opens at 11pm. We went there 3 times, and had a blast each time. We also went to another disco, at another resort called Club Mangoo It is a $6 cab ride, and drinks are a little pricy. But in my opiniion, well worth it. It is 2 floors, mixture of music, and a total party! If you go, go after midnight..thats when it gets busy.The time share people were never really a bother to us, thought they were out every morning by the buffet. The venders on the beach were not as pushy as I expected them to be. My husband was really good at the bargaining, and got us some really nice souveniers at a third of the cost that they were asking. We were told by our travel agent/rep, to get them down to a third...so we did. Departure from the hotel was smooth, but not so smooth at the airport. Be prepared to wait in long lines, have people behind the counters that do not speak english, and it is very hot! I would suggest wearing your shorts, and bring pants, and change into them in the air conditioned part once you are all cleared through immigration. It took us almost an hour just to get our luggage checked. All in all....I highly recomend this hotel to all!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kgb101
<Content>Great holiday Travel Agent First Choice EnglandWe have just returned from Ocean Sand/Blue Golf Beach Resort after a 2 week holiday October 19th 2006 and as a family of 4 First time abroad for one member aged 76 We all had a fantastic time. There is nothing we could fault at all with regards to the hotel, food, staff - everything was fantastic and without a doubt I would recommend this to anyone. The Junior Suites that we stayed in were great. Really large rooms. Villa 8031 and 8032 this is over the main entrance to each villa and has a 15鈥?by 12鈥?balcony with no one below or above overlooking the pool.Night entertainment was good a different show most nightsThe sax and keyboard players where so relaxing exceptionally when they played on the wood walk way between the two lakes what a way to a late night wind downBook trip Outback Jungle safari reviews give donations to the school to discourage kids from begging Take pens pencils the children sing you a song and draw pictures of you well worth the days trip Happy hours all day ending with boogie boarding fantastic.All in all a fantastic holiday and would go back tomorrow if I could...  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yxine
<Content>Great stay at Ocean Blue/Sand! My Husband and I (Canadian), both in our 30鈥檚 stayed at the Ocean Blue/Sand the week of September 16 to 23 2006. This was our second trip to Punta Cana. We both have been to Mexico once, and my husband has been to Cuba twice.The Ocean Blue/Sand is in our opinion the nicest resort we have stayed at to date. We booked it as a last minute vacation through Signature, and our Travel Agent recommended this property to us.Overall our stay was very good! This resort is only a few years old and I could tell that by the growth of the trees and plants. This resort was not lush with vegetation as some of the others we have stayed at. The layout is a long rectangle. At the front of the resort there is the lobby, theatre as well as all of the restaurants, shops and bowling alley. The buildings here are set like a small town. Each restaurant is unique in its d茅cor and architecture. The main buffet is located just behind the restaurants. The villas are down each side of the hotel, with a stone courtyard in between, that ends at the pool and eventually leads to the beach. There is a golf cart 鈥榯rain鈥?that takes people around the resort, and though I heard several people comment on how big the property is, we did not find it to be that way, and found it easy to walk. While we were there the resort was only at 40% capacity, so it was not very busy. Check in was a little different for us. Normally we like to get our own luggage and find our room on our own. We were instructed to check in first, and then our luggage was brought to our room. We still prefer to explore on our own, but this service is appreciated. When we checked in the clerk indicated for us on the resort map exactly where our villa was and he was very pleasant. Room: Our room was on the second floor of building 9 on the Ocean Sand side, room 9212. This placed us directly across from one of the pools, and very close to the beach. We faced the outside of the resort, so we had a partial ocean view, and the rest was forest. The location was very quiet which we liked. The room had neutral d茅cor, but I found the lighting a little dark. We had two double beds, a dresser, sofa, chair and an armoire for the TV and mini bar. There was a full size closet as well as a digital safe that you program yourself. The bathroom had two sinks as well as a Jacuzzi tub and shower. The bathroom was equipped with a hair dryer. The shower pressure was fine and we did not have any problems getting hot water. There was a sliding glass door and balcony with a table and chairs. The room was kept very clean and we found the maid service to be timely. We left a dollar or two, a small gift (dollar store pens, pencils) and candy. We were given plenty of water, beer, pop as well as towels and face cloths. The bed was firm, but not uncomfortable, and the pillows are basic. Since we had two beds, we took all of the pillows and put them on one, which made it softer for sleeping. The air conditioning is controlled with a key card, and there is a thermostat as well as a ceiling fan. Pools:There are two pools at the Ocean Blue/Sand, and each has a swim up bar. While we were there only one of the bars was open, and we figured with was due to the low capacity at the hotel. There are plenty of lounge chairs at each pool, but not a lot of shade. There are some market umbrellas, and these spots were reserved early in the morning with towels, so getting shade around the pool is not easy unless you reserve. I did notice a few times that chairs with umbrellas were reserved in the morning, but not occupied for most of the day, which is unfair, but happens everywhere. There is a shallow section with a fence for children and a Jacuzzi style pool that is the same temperature as the rest of the pool, just extra bubbly. The pool is about 5 feet at it鈥檚 deepest and was always clean and warm.Beach:The beach is of course beautiful. There are many palapas so finding shade on the beach was never a problem for us. The water was clear and refreshing and the bottom was sandy. There was a bit of seaweed in the water, but I think a hurricane or two had passed through that part of the Atlantic so I was not surprised to see some debris. There is a water sports centre as well as towel service. Since we booked with Signature our beach towels were already in our room at check in, and we exchanged them for fresh ones every day. On your last day when you return the towels you must ask for towel cards to be handed in when you check out. If you do not have the cards there is an extra fee. There is a bar located near the water sports centre, and another on the opposite side of the beach that also has a buffet restaurant open for lunch and snacks.Scuba Diving:My husband is an avid Scuba diver and booked 5 dives with the dive shop on site, run by Pelicano. Though he enjoyed his dives, he did encounter a few problems with the dive masters. For example, the dive master would discuss the plan for the dive with the group, and once they were underwater, he would change his mind so the divers were not sure whom they were supposed to buddy up with or where they were going. On one dive they had to descend through a huge school of jellyfish. In my Husband鈥檚 opinion this dive should have been called off due to the sheer number of jellyfish that were present in the water. Twice the dive master interfered with my husband鈥檚 equipment. On one dive the dive master deflated his BC while my husband was trying to take a picture, causing him to crash into the coral. On the second instance the dive master tied his regulator hose in a knot on the boat, which became difficult to untangle once the equipment was thrown into the water. Service:Overall we found the staff to be very pleasant and happy to be there. My favourites were the guys that worked the breakfast buffet. Every morning we were greeted with smiles and handshakes, and if the music was right, a little dance. The tried to speak English and seemed to appreciate our minimal Spanish. Any staff member we encountered always greeted us with a smile and 鈥榟ola鈥?Food:The Main Buffet: El Carey/La Tourtuga. There are two names for the main buffet since there two entrances with seating area, and the buffet is in the middle. Each side has a bar, and is decorated differently, and is air-conditioned. We had breakfast at the buffet every morning. There was the usual fare of bacon and eggs, as well as pancakes, crepes, omelettes and fresh doughnuts. There was plenty of fruit, meat and cheese, cereal and different kinds of juice. We love the Dominican coffee, and it was great at this resort. I saw some recycling of food at breakfast from the previous nights dinner, but that is normal at any resort I have been to. We had dinner at the buffet for most of our stay. The food was decent and I could always find something. I enjoyed the stir-fry and pasta stations. Restaurants:There is no reservation system for a la carte restaurants at this resort, except for two specialty restaurants that must be reserved and are not all-inclusive. For the remaining 6 it is first come first served like it is in North America.Mike鈥檚 Coffee  Tea. This place is fabulous! We went here every night after dinner. It鈥檚 like a Starbucks or Second Cup, complete with comfy leather chairs. There are some international newspapers for reading as well as a few books. They have a full menu of specialty coffees as well as the Tazo line of herbal teas. There are also desserts here as well. It is quaint and beautifully decorated and you really should not miss it. Margarita 鈥?Mexican Restaurant. This was the only a la Carte that we tried. The service was very fast and the food was average. La Cana 鈥?Beach restaurant and snack bar. This restaurant severed the same things at lunch every day. Our only problem here was the discrepancy in the time it was supposed to open. According to one brochure it is 11am, another said 11:30 am, but most days it did not open until after 12 noon. This was a little frustrating when you are hungry for a snack and it鈥檚 been a long time since breakfast. The other restaurants that are included in the all inclusive package are as follows:I Mascherati (Italian). We did go in this restaurant and looked at the menu. It was lovely inside but unfortunately for me much of the menu was seafood, and I am allergic, so we did not stay.Route 66 (American)Overtime Sports Bar 鈥?this is open from 6pm until 6am. We did not try it, but were told by our tour rep that they served the usual bar type snacks like such as wings.La Casa di Mi Abuela (Dominican)There are two restaurants that are not all inclusive, and cost $35 per person. One is El Bodegon (chef鈥檚 table and wine cellar) and the other is Bucanero Grill (Seafood restaurant on the beach).Our best meal was the night that the main buffet was closed, and a buffet grill was served pool- side. There was steak, chicken, kabobs and salmon. There were many side dishes and desserts, and the service this night was extremely attentive. There were Mariachis there as well which added to the festive atmosphere. Animation  EntertainmentOur focus on this trip was complete relaxation, so we did not participate in any activities. For the first few days we were there, I did not see any animation staff at all, but noticed them on Monday. They would walk by an ask you to join a game or sport, but were by no means pushy, just encouraging. There were a lot of activities near the pool bar: games, aerobics sports and dancing. There is a rock-climbing wall on the beach. As previously mentioned the resort has a bowling alley. When we checked in we were given a coupon for a free game. There are 6 bowling lanes, pool tables and air hockey tables. The resort has a casino and a disco as well. There is a nightly show.Overall our stay was very pleasant and we would recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>maplesyrup24
<Content>beautiful beach, great service. My boyfriend and I stayed at Ocean Sand from September 2-9. Overall, I had a good experience at this resort. The thing that stood out most for me about this hotel was the service we got at the restaurants. We hardly ever waited more than a minute between sitting down and having our drink orders taken. Not long after, at the a-la-carte restaurants, we would menus followed by bread. I don't think I have ever gotten such quick service this consistently anywhere else. At the El Carey buffet restaurant we mostly sat in the same section and our servers always seemed to be dancing and smiling.I liked the variety in the breakfast and lunch buffets. The beachside buffet, La Cana, has a more limited selection than El Carey, but you get the the view and the ocean breeze. El Carey became our restaurant of choice for breakfast and lunch. My favourites were freshly squeezed papaya juice and smoked salmon at breakfast. mmmmm...For dinner we tried all the a-la-carte restaurants and the buffet. The Italian restaurant was elegantly decorated and their tiramisu is delicious. The Mexican restaurant offers an appetizer buffet where you can make your own fajitas and tacos. On Friday night, we were lucky to have chosen to eat at the buffet restaurant because it was Dominican theme night and two Dominican dancers greeted us at the entrance to the buffet with cups of mamajuana (an aphrodisiac). They had a band playing and the atmosphere was really festive. We noticed that each night, a different a-la-carte restaurant would be closed though.At Mike's Coffee House they serve up good frappucinos (better than Starbucks if you ask me!) and you have to try the strawberry cheesecake. Only once did I find it available, though. I think they must run out quite early in the day.We were told that the only place you can get Coronas is at the Overtime Sports Bar. Everywhere else they serve you Presidente, the local beer. I've seen Heinekens served up as well as shots of Grand Marnier. You have to ask, though.We didn't participate in any of the organized activities. We just never bothered to follow their schedule and try to locate the activities person. They had a rock climbing wall but I never saw anyone climb it. There didn't seem to be anyone manning the wall. A couple times we took a two-person kayak out into the water. We paddled along the coast past the markets and the neighbouring Iberostar resort. Our resort seemed to have a nicer beachfront (the other resorts had a more palm trees and rocks), but at our beach you couldnt swim out as far because there is a reef in the way.The few problems we did have were minor. Our safe did not work but this was quickly resolved as soon as we notified our Signature Vacations representative. We did notice that during the weekdays when it was quiet we had no problem getting quick service, but things started to get noticeably more disorganized during the weekends when the locals started pouring in and the resort got a lot busier.If you go bowling, make sure you bring socks! They will not give you bowling shoes without them. I found it strange that, even though there was a crowd waiting to use the lanes, they only ever had three of the six lanes running at a time. When we did get to bowl, the system didn't seem to be working properly but we didnt let that stop us from having a good time! You get your first game free, and any subsequent games are $15 per game per lane (and they don't care how many bowlers). Latest check out time is 1pm -- make sure you get back to your room before then, as the key cards automatically become inactivated at checkout time. Since our shuttle to the airport would not arrive till 6pm, we were advised by our tour representative to request a hospitality suite so that we could shower and freshen up before our evening flight. The concierge assigned us a room for about half an hour at 3:30pm. It was a mistake to not ask for the key and room number at the time, because when we found out at 3:30 that we needed to get a key card, it was check in time and getting help from the front desk became a lot more difficult. We finally received a key card only to find that when we got to the suite that our key card did not work and the room was assigned to someone else who apparently had just gotten there. That was annoying. I did not bother with the trouble of walking back to the concierge and standing around for another half hour to request another room.Although I had a good experience, I would not visit again nor would I recommend this place to friends. Not because there is anything wrong with this resort, but I just find that I prefer trips heavily oriented towards sightseeing and experiencing local culture. Although we did participate in the Outback Safari excursion (which I recommend!), I felt somewhat confined to the resort and would just prefer to be in a location where I have the choice of venturing into the nearby cities and observing the locals independently of tour groups.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>dalmatino
<Content>Do not go there!!! My family and I stayed at Ocean Sand, wanting to celebrate my husband鈥檚 50th birthday. The Ocean Sand Golf and Beach Resort is architecturally beautiful hotel, located at the very close proximity to a long, white sand beach. That would be enough, if guest/customer services were not so slow and I have to say very incompetent. I feel that the place that I would want to go back to would need to have both even on the average level. In the case of Ocean Sand disproportion between buildings beauty and services that we got was unbearable. To start off with a LANGUAGE BARRIER, more then 90 % of the front line staff DO NOT speak English and it is very difficult to get your message across. Just to illustrate: my son鈥檚 language did not reach his room after 4 telephone calls and waiting in the room for more than 2 hours. I went to speak with someone at the reception and after they gave me run around, the fifth person that I spoke with understood that I lost my key and took me back to reception where I started my search. I found his language left unattended in the lobby area by myself. ACCOMMODATION: My husband and I got a room on the third floor and our children on the first, despite that we were promised adjacent rooms. In our bathroom we did not have hot water, and after it was fixed, the water pressure was so low that I often had to take my shower early in the morning or late at night, not to mention daily calls to homemaking services for towels that were not left in the bathroom. I could go on with things small like this and you can think that I am hard to please person, but those little things on your vacation are important and I did not want to spend time trying to fix jobs that were not properly done. FOOD: Excellent varieties, 5 ala cart restaurant, however every night one or two of them were in recess. When we decided to go to the Italian restaurant (on the exact day of my husband's birthday), we had to wait for our table for more than 30 minutes (you do not need a reservation for any of them). Food in the restaurant was not representation of the typical Italian food. From the food that they had, I chose salmon that I had to return because it had no taste and was dry like a bone. ENTERTEINMENT: I could not resist, but feel that Ocean Sand is under funded for this activity, since the night entertainment was comprised of mixed audience and staff show. We had ONE night of a good show program featuring local dancers representing Dominican Republic culture. I could not understand that a day staff would work hard at night to get audience involved in dancing or some other activities on the stage and provide entertainment for the rest of the audience - I hope I did not confuse you here. One would expect better supprt and more help from hotel managers and/or supervisor, but anything that we needed did not go any further than give me a 20 minutes, only to never hear back form them. I have to give them a credit, since we were warned about 鈥? minutes of Dominican time鈥?which equates to 30 min Canadian, and it would be funny if we did not need any help from them. Over all, we had a very poor experience staying at this hotel and most likely will NEVER go back and certainly would not recommend it to any of our friends or anyone that we care about.The rest is up to you, and I wish you a good luck if you still decide to go there!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Goaler
<Content>Very respectable resort. My girlfriend and I spent seven days at this resort (September 3 -10) and we were not disappointed. The weather was magnificent, as we had only half a day of bad weather.The rooms were very nice. We opted for the SJR room and that included two queen size beds, a sofa, a balcony, a TV and finally a Jacuzzi style bath. The room was always very cool and the mini fridge is well stocked (beer, water bottles and soda). Also there is no fee for the safe!The beach is also very nice with plenty of chairs for all. There is a climbing wall, soccer nets, volleyball net and horse shoe installations. Moreover, many activities are included and are close by. Another benefit of this resort is the market is very close and the sellers are extremely negotiable. The water is beautiful, as is the white sand, however snorkeling isn't possible.The food was excellent and there were many alternatives. There are five (no-fee) 脿 la carte restaurant and in our humble opinion La Casa de mi Abuela was superior to the others. Another huge bonus is that no reservations are necessary for the 脿 la carte.There are many excursions available. We opted for the Tropical Storm expedition with the activity center on the beach. This was magnificent, as it consisted of snorkeling, swimming with sting-rays and vegetarian sharks, sliding on a huge slide and finally swimming in a natural pool. The host is a proud Canadian named Simon!No review is complete without some negative aspects; hot water (shower) is sporadic in the evenings, there is a lack of Caribbean feel (maybe to commercial), lack of Dominican bands, music etc. and finally (like in every other D.R. resort) the influx of locals on the week-end is very unnerving as they seem to take over the resort and make you feel uncomfortable.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Machri
<Content>Definiely not a 5 star hotel Ocean Sand is definitely not a 5-star hotel. We travel extensively and although understand that the rating system is different for different countries, we were still unpleasantly surprised by the service offered in the hotel. True that there was an abundance of food but its quality left a lot to desire. Everything was awfully salty (except eggs for breakfast) and you could taste chemicals they use to preserve food. Almost every day, the leftovers from the previous day would appear, disguised as something else (what however? We are still guessing). We both experienced lots of stomach discomfort (to say the least). Or maybe we were spoiled by the two weeks spent in July at Club Maeva Tulum (Mexico) where they have food stations and the food is cooked in front of you (instead of sitting for hours to attract flies). However, the alcohol they serve is top shelf (if you ask, of course).The grounds are clean but very 鈥渄ry鈥? Instead of incorporating the natural surroundings into the design (as it is done in Mexico), they just cut the trees and put the grass everywhere. The beach is wide and beautiful, but tends to be crowded. Water is fine to look at but the visibility and clarity is not that great. Rooms are just rooms: nothing special (except for occasional huge cockroaches that come visit, even though we were on the third floor).As we were delayed in Toronto (9 hours), we arrived to the hotel Sunday morning (instead of Saturday night). When checking out, we asked for the late check out (as we basically lost a night). We were told that 鈥渢he hotel owed us nothing鈥? Not a good PR move. As it was our wedding anniversary, we have also e-mailed the hotel informing them of the occasion. Even though we got a reply, assuring us that we will be taken care of, nothing has materialized when we arrived.Diving that they offer is very expensive and there is nothing (really nothing) to see underwater: no fish, no reefs, just uneventful wreck diving. The lesson that we have learned (again) is that it is much better to spend your money in Mexico.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Lorrayne G
<Content>Paradise is..... the Ocean Sand Golf and Beach Resort. Our family stayed at the Ocean Sand hotel from August 9th for 2 weeks travelling with First Choice Holidays.I worked in the travel industry for 10 years (airlines and tour operators) and also travel frequently for business in my current career in the IT industry so have extensive experience of staying in hotels both for business and leisure purposes in the UK, Europe, US and the Caribbean.I too, was a little concerned about some of the reviews I read on Trip Advisor before flying out on my family vacation - I need not have worried, the hotel is absolutely fabulous, there is everything that you could possibly wish for at this hotel and more!Hotel:The hotel itself goes under two names - Ocean Sand and Ocean Blue - the only difference between the two hotels is the side of the complex the accommodation is situated on. Facing the beach, Ocean Sand accommodation is to the left, Ocean Blue is to the right. Everything else is shared, although Ocean Blue has slightly more accommodation available and appears to be more popular with US visitors (Apple vacations is the biggest tour operator and uses Ocean Blue). Ocean Sand is where the UK customers stay and First Choice is the main tour operator for the UK serving the hotel. To be honest, I have no idea why the hotel goes by two names - it doesn't really make any sense to me!First impressions:The transfer is 35min by coach from Punta Cana airport (very cute arrivals hall, thatched roof with a welcome photo as you go through to purchase your arrival visa (you get charged $10 to arrive and charged $20 to depart - so make sure you have US dollars to cover it!). The traffic is a rule unto itself, apparently most people don't even bother to pass their test - so I wouldn't recommend hiring a car - could be dangerous! The last couple of miles is down a dirt track and eventually gets to the hotel which looked truly stunning. The lobby was large and beautifully furnished with a fantastic bar in the middle. After check in, you walk out of the lobby into the main square where the restaurants and main entertainment is located. Then past the square onto the area where the accommodation and pools are located before reaching the beach. The hotel is approximately 2 years old and looks immaculate and everywhere is air conditioned - so plenty of places to go to get out of the sun and humidity if you need to! At check in we were welcomed with the hotel cocktail - the Ocean Blue and given our guest wrist bands to wear for the duration. Children are given yellow bands and adults are given various colours depending on the standard of accommodation they are staying in. We were then whisked away by the bell boys (dressed in white safari suits) to our room and our luggage followed about 10 minutes afterwards.Accommodation:The hotel is made up of a number of villas (approximately 12 I think!) each with 3 floors and approximately 20 rooms on each floor. Each villa is decorated beautifully in multiple pastel colours and has a beautiful courtyard in the middle with differing features - usually water fountains or beautiful floral pots. The villas by the beach have the upgraded suites. First Choice accommodation is in the best location for the standard accommodation - Villa 9 - just next to the upgraded suite villa and right by the pool. The standard rooms are called Junior Suites and are well decorated and large (2 x double beds and 1 sofa/single bed, TV cabinet showing multiple Spanish and English/US channels, a fully stocked free minibar - Pepsi, 7UP, Beer and Water, Large mirror wardrobes with electronic safe, iron, ironing board and golf umbrella. Plus a 6 drawer tallboy and bedside table with lamp, phone, alarm clock and additional drawer and a coffee table. The bathrooms are beautiful with marble effect tiles and contain toilet, double sinks, hairdryer, shaving mirror, plug point and large jacuzzi bath with shower. Each room has a balcony with 2 chairs and small table. The hotel is quite large, and so, for the mobile impaired, or just too relaxed to want to walk, there is a little train that continually drives around the complex in a circle picking up and dropping guests off at various locations so you can just hop on! Our kids loved it! Pools:2 large beautiful pools situated side by side - one quieter than the other giving guests a choice over whether they wish to be involved in the pool games - aerobics etc. The quieter one is more suitable for families with younger children as it has a separate childrens section (approximately 18inches deep) and the main pool is adult standing depth at it's deepest. Both pools have a swim up pool bar serving a wide range of drinks - all premium brands. There is also a large jacuzzi, and 2 massage/henna tattoos/hair braiding huts (extra cost). There are plenty of sun beds available with 20+ parasols for shade. The guests tend to reserve the beds by the parasols from 6.30-7am onwards by leaving towels.Restaurants:A number of restaurants, guaranteed to suit all tastes. From the large buffet to a number of individual restaurants (two carry a supplement) ranging from US diner, italian, mexican, local dishes, beach barbeque, seafood and a coffee shop that serves better coffee than Starbucks! There is also a beach buffet open at lunchtime and in the evening. The US diner - Route 66 and the Italian restaurant also have dancers that appear to entertain for a short while during the course. No reservations are required at the restaurants that do not carry a supplement but at peak times (7pm-8pm) there may be a wait for a table to become ready. We loved the breakfast buffet - I could not believe how much choice their was - so many stations - omelettes and eggs cooked fresh to order, donuts, pancakes, cakes and pastries, cereals, various freshly baked breads, croissants and rolls, ffresh ruit, yoghurts, cooked breakfast (American or local foods), smoked salmon/caviar/sparkling wine, wide range of fruit juices and smoothies I even saw burgers available at breakfast! How could anyone not find what they wanted? In the evening, we mostly went to the restaurants, but the buffet had a different theme each evening - American, Chinese, local cuisine etc. Entertainment:Theatre, Casino, Musicians in the Lobby Bar and Night Club. There is also a Bowling Alley - the first hour is free of charge (token given on arrival) further sessions are charged.Beach: Beautiful! Lots of sunbeds with shade readily available.Service: Fantastic! Everyone was very friendly from the maids through to the bar and restaurant staff. No pressure felt to tip - although we tipped $2 to the maid everyday and at dinner. There was also no problem with a language barrier - everyone we spoke to could speak English although they always greeted us in Spanish before speaking Englsh- they are keen to help you master at least a couple of friendly phrases!Medical Centre: The doctor was amazing - my daughter and I both got an ear infection and I can honestly say the Doctor was much better than my doctor back here in England!Other services: The Gift Shop has everything! A wide range of sun cream, toiletries, beach toys, beachwear, souvenirs, postcards, sweets/crisps (candy/chips) etc. No need to panic if you run out of anything! There is also a clothes shop (everything they sell is white!), a jewellers and a cigar shop/painting. There is also a gym, tennis courts and spa (additional charge). There is a golf course right next door to the hotel.In general, this hotel has everything anyone could possibly want from a hotel and probably more. I have stayed in hotels that cost considerably more in the Caribbean and the standard has been no where near as good.There is one small downside, there is a company will offices based inside the hotel, called Royal Holiday, who will try to sell you a holiday club scheme similar to timeshare. The hotel is part of their portfolio and as a result they have a large sales office right by the buffet restaurant and a number of sales people will stop you as you go in for breakfast trying to gauge your interest. The trick is to walk through the courtyards on the way to the breakfast buffet so that they can't stop you as you walk on the main route by the pool but you can't avoid them at the restaurant entrance. You just need to say No and carry on walking, unless you are interested. We went to see them just before we left because we loved it there so much we did start to wonder if we would be interested. It was very hard sell and they do their best not to let you go until you have purchased. It was amazing how much they came down from their original price until we persuaded them that we really were not going to bite! However, the more they discounted, the more sceptical we became!Would we go back to the hotel? ABSOLUTELY, in a heartbeat. We are going to go back next August and have already looked into booking it again with First Choice.Finally, this is the first Caribbean holiday I have had where we did not get bitten by mosquitos! Normally we are eaten alive!!! The hotel does fumigate the rooms once a week - it must be good stuff and we didn't notice any chemical smells etc.So, I hope that you find this review useful - please choose to stay at Ocean Sand or Ocean Blue with confidence, I am sure that you will have the time of your life. The guests staying there were mostly US, Canadian, English, Spanish or French. We also saw a number of local Dominican Republic guests staying there over one weekend as it was a public holiday locally. Everyone that we spoke to at the hotel loved it and I didn't see or hear one person who looked like they were unhappy - everyone has having a fantastic time! Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Poulsons
<Content>Loved Ocean Sands/Blue Hotel We have just returned from Ocean Sands after a 2 week holiday and as a family of 4 we all had a fantastic time. There is nothing we could fault at all with regards to the hotel, food, staff - everything was fantastic and without a doubt I would recommend this to anyone.We all had some professional photos taken whilst there with Juan and as another person stated they are fantastic and well worth the money.All in all a fantastic holiday and would go back tomorrow if I could...  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhomdda
<Content>Two thumbs up all the way! We stayed at the Ocean Sand for 1 week with our 16yr old Son and 13yr old daughter. I can honestly say that this was the best vacation that we have ever had. We have travelled to many places and have been all inclusive  before but nothing will top this.The resort is amazing. Rooms are spacious and very clean. Visit Mikes' Coffee House... Nice big comfy chairs, great coffee/ teas. .(My favourite Capuccino Italiano) and delicious desserts. You have to say hi to Jose and Julio at the Overtime Bar these guys are the best .  Two A la carte restaurants are not included in the All inclusive package and charge US$35. we didn't bother going to these as were were more than satisfied with the choices at the buffet and other A la carte restaurants.. My husband and I didn't care much for the American restaurant Route 66, but the kids really enjoyed the Chicken Wings there. The staff are very friendly and have so much energy. Throughout the day they are participating in fun activities and in the evening they put on some wonderful shows. At the Lobby Bar you will be entertained by the most amazing Sax player. Also a great place to meet people and the bartenders are a hoot. The Casino is small and we did find that a few of the machines were temporarily out of order.Disco was fun , with a different theme every night.My kids met friends from England, Miami, Toronto we didn't see much of them as they all hung out together for most of the week.Gave my husband and I some much needed RR.We couldn't have asked for better weather with sunshine everyday. We did have a bit of a problem trying to find an umbrella at the pool after 9:30am. We give the odd tip throughout the week but found the service to be exceptional whether we did or not. We gave most of our tips at the end of our stay. I urge you not to believe any of the negative reviews as I almost did and go find out for yourself. This resort is definately a 5 star all the way. I would highly recommend this resort to anyone. We are planning to return with some friends in the spring.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sjhowell1203
<Content>Great service, bad food The hotel, pool and beach were beautiful. Scenery was gorgeous. Staff was friendly. Small language barriers but not bad. Beautiful time. The food is not great but tolerable. The mexican restaurant was pretty good. Fabulous time. We will be back.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunholiday
<Content>1st week Fantastic 2nd not so good Me and my girlfriend stayed at this hotel from the 12th - 26th July. The GroundsThis is a new hotel, so the grounds were beutiful The villia's are spaced out, there are about 10 blocks of rooms, 5 1 side and another 5 the other side. We stayed in Villa 9 which was opposite the pool. Other people have said it is a long walk to the resturants, IT ISN'T. It takes about 3-5 minutes. Your on holiday so take a stroll down! Their is a buggy that goes back and forth. It was funny seeing people running for the cart, kind of defeated the object I thought!The RoomPeople have said the rooms smelt musty, they didn't. The room was a nice size, good amount of space to put all your clothes. The bathroom was good, jucuzzi bath and 2 sinks. I tipped the maid each day, wrote a note asking for some beer and she left some for me.- The maids seemed to come late in the day, about 4.30- 5.00pm. We met some people who had upgraded to the deluxe junior suite, there room was not bigger,. but the bathroom was bigger.FoodThe food was nice, it was most probably the best we have had at an all inclusive. The problem that the al a carte resturants had, was that you did not need to book. The first week this was fine, we had no problem, however the second week, the place seemed to get busy and there was a lot of big groups (12-15) they were eating in the al a carte resturants which was taking up a lot of tables and times, we could not get in at all, so ate in the buffet which was good food. All the al a carte were nice, the French resturant which is extra, was ok.Pool AreaWe really enjoyed the hotel, plus the pools were seperated into a lively pool and quite pool which was good, also the 2nd week people were reserving sundbeds at 6 in the morning and not getting to the pool till 3pm!!! I would definatly go back, but at a period that was not so busy as the service did suffer.Tips - Breakfast seemed to get busy at 9.00 - 9.30 when service would get bad, get there a bit earlier and he service will be great!- We got some proffesional photo's done within the hotel the guys name was Dani, they are fanstatic and would recommend these to you, plus they are cheap!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>LoveNY123
<Content>The good and the bad We found the property nicely located and the beach clean with calm water. The rooms on the first floor have a musty smell along with the bed sheets and the pillows. The rooms on the third floor have no hot water between five and eight in the evening. The service in the restaurants is extremely slow and inefficient. The staff does not speak English and is mostly unfriendly (although we tipped them constantly). There is limited number of beach towels and often they ran out before eleven. Management was very slow in responding to our complaints about the hot water. None of the members of our group will go back to Punta Cana or this hotel again. Overall we don鈥檛 recommend this hotel, Apple representative were trying to help but could not. The hotel management could care less if the guests are happy. They did not response to our calls our apple calls. We spoke with other guest and they all had the same problems and they complaining to apple representatives.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	1	2	

<Author>doeller
<Content>Awesome honeymoon!!! We got back from our honeymoon on July 17th. Our stay at this resort was fabulous from beginning to end. Check in was fast, and friendly. Theres a lobby bar where you can get a drink while waiting to go to your villa. We stayed in Villa 9. There was a king size bed, big bathroom with jacuzzi tub and double sinks. The room overlooked the pool and from a distance the beach. There was a huge balconey. The room also had a mini bar which came with lots of pepsi, 7-up, water and 2 beers. This is included and they do restock!! Theres also a safe which is super easy to use. Pool: Huge, clean, always chairs available, swim up bar was great, theres 2, 1 in each pool. Beach: Very nice, clean, water was great, sand was white!Maid service: Bed was made everyday with clean sheets. They are honest, I left her a bottle of purfume on the bed which she put back on my dresser so I had to go tell her it was for her. No complaints there. Fresh towels everynight, they have to catch up the laundry so you may see them around supper. Just hang yours up incase you need to use them again insread of throwing them on the floor.Resturants: Bufftets for lunch and breakfast were great. Lots of selection, pastries, bacon, eggs ect...anything you want and more. By dinner we were sick of buffet so we would visit the Al a carte. Mexican was good, The Caribeen Grill on the beach was the best!!!! Highly recommned it and it is included. Mikes Coffee is fabulous, they serve great iced tea, smoothies and cafe mocha. Coffee was pretty strong from what I seen. Italian was ok, but keep in mind its not like our food, simular but different tastes. Entertainment: Bowling, Kayaking, rock wall, nightly entertainment was good. The magic show was our favorite. Remember if you want to go bowling bring socks and book before dinner or you may wait along time. Shopping; As far as getting your souvineers theres shops on the beach. You have to be able to barter. Never pay full price. They start at $85 you can get them down to $20. Its fun! They are pushy (cheapy cheapy). I believe on Friday night vendors set up near the resturants and they sell alot of jewelry and shirts...Off site trips: We went on the Caribeen festival which was a half day trip. It was fun and nice to get off the resort. A half day out was enough you were definately ready for a nap. We snorkelled and swam with nurf sharks, it was fun. Ive heard the Outback safari is also good. Swimming with dolphins is not worth the money(thats was our rep told us). You dont actually swim with them you get to touch them like 3 times. Bars/Drinks- Great drinks, be inventive. If you want international brands you have to ask. This is a good time to tip if you want to keep getting them. Swim up bar was great. Victor was the best. Lobby bar was nice!!Language barrier: well there is a bit of a problem with the language barrier. But its not bad. Just be patient with them and they will get it.I think this pretty much sums it up. The trip was awesome. The resort is very new and everything is so clean and they keep the grounds up very nicley. The whole trip was great not one complaint. I would highly recommend visiting the Ocean Sand and Golf Resort to honeymooners and families....kids looked like they were having a great time. Anyway I hope this helped, have fun!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a wonderfull resort we have just returned from this wonderfull hotel after reading the reports before we went we was wondering what we was going to find it was mainly the english reviews running the place down from day one the staff were so friendly the food excellent the place was very clean and tidy i have stayed in a few hotels in the dom rep and this was by far the best. plenty to keep the kids amused also the adults. mikes coffee bar is a must ! the pools were great and the beach well perfect. yes there are timeshare on the hotel grounds they hang around the buffet resturant in the morning but just say no thanks and they leave you alone. we went to dolphin island which was very good but i am not sure whether its worth the money, we had another fabulous day out on the outback safari we would recomend this, we had a excellent guide and was given loads off information about the country. also maniti park is worth a visit. just remember reading the reviews with the thousands of people every week visiting this hotel, you will find things people dont like but for us it was wonderfull go and enjoy .  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away! My family and I just returned from a week long stay at this resort. Basically we had nothing but problems. The issues ranged from minor ( No towel card upon arrival) to Annoying ( 1 and 1/2 hour wait for any food after ordering in a half empty restaurant. And the worst/best problem was when having dinner at Route 66 american restaurant. My son ordered a full rack of ribs and when it arrived it was really about 1 pound of pork fat attached to bones. It seems that the resort employees favor the locals or anyone speaking Spanish over English speaking customers. Many times we were over looked for service until we made a stink. I know I sound like a spoiled American but we have stayed at many all inclusive resorts and had a great time. No only was this the most expensive resort, it was the lowest in quality and service. I would not reccomend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>travelfamily98
<Content>Wonderful trip We just came back from a family vac. for a week. We have girls aged 10/14 who haven't stopped talking about the fun they had. We went with Apple vacations, stayed in Villa 5 and had good maid service. We did tip, but I don't feel this reflected any better service. My daughter fell on the slippery tile in the bathroom while the maid was there and she made sure my daughter was ok. The pools were great, as was the beach. We did the climbing wall, bowling, and enjoyed the lobby entertainment. Mike coffee shop is a must for all coffee and tea drinkers. We were regulars there. I felt weird not paying for all the fun drinks.As for the food, there was quite a variety. Mac and cheese to octopus. We all found something to eat at every meal. We ate a the sit down restaurants (jeans and tennis shoes ok, but not shorts) and found the food the best at Casa de mi Abuela. The beach buffet and sit down dinner not great, but not bad either.Drinks were good, anything u wanted. They even had vodka at the breakfast buffet to make drinks in the morning (not a great idea for unattended kids). We felt safe overall, the timeshare people are polite, but easliy avoided if u like.We did the swim with the sharks/stingrays, a deep sea fishing (not for those weak stomachs like my husband) and a horseback riding trip from the beach people. All were good, but the horses are not that well cared for which made us sad. We took a great ride thru banana plantations and the back road of the DR. Quite interesting for our girls. Anyone can complain about anything. Some things are slow, but we had a great time. Other notes of great advise are air freshener for the musty rooms, to go cups for drinks, and we brought a 100 watt light bulb to brighten things up for reading. It is VERY humid and things don't dry, so bring lots of clothes as there is no self serve washer. Questions?? jstemarie@sbcglobal.net  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>suitcasesweetie
<Content>Lovely Hotel, service? LooksWell you can not really fault this hotel on looks from the lobby to the pool, beach etc is all lovely. There are some lovely fountains and some flamingos walking in them! It is also SUPER clean the maids are always washing down floors and people are watering plants. It is quite spread out and old people may have a little difficulty with the walk but they do have carts. Personally I like walking around and saw some VERY lazy young people getting lifts!Night lifeThey also provide shows every night in the theatre, some are a little cheesy, there is a casino, a bowling ally (although not many lanes) and a Night club called Wave. The nightclub is quite small although it has a funky design, however it mainly plays salsa music, which is nice but some people are sooo good I would try and cram in a few lessons if you can (the hotel run classes by the pool!). The lobby bar has a great atmosphere and is a place where we mainly hung out. DinningFood was ok, I have had better. They have two restaurant that you have to pay for, which we actually did not end up going too as we booked them and they got cancelled by the hotel twice! After that we gave up! The best included restaurant is the Italian and the worst two are the American and the Mexican, they tasted processed to the hilt! The buffet has a fairly wide choice and some lovely steak and pork, I would have liked to see more shellfish - but can not complain! I think I am quite critical on food as it is a main thing when I am away so do not be too put off.ServiceThis is by far the hotels main downfall! We tried to speak as much Spanish as we could as I feel you should try and obey whatever language that country uses but it still did not seem to get us anywhere, the waiter brought over wrong dinks and sometimes walked off when you were in the middle of your order. The waiters also did not come and serve you drinks right away and there were times in the morning that we were dying for a cup on tea/coffee and did not get served for a least 20mins. No doubt if you tip them your service improves as we found out, but l paid a lot of money for this holiday so I did not feel I could tip them breakfast, lunch, dinner and evening drinks everyday!! Also the maids forgot to put towels in our bathroom a couple of times and we had to wait over 30 mins before they gave us new ones. Top TipsTake plenty of dollars with you as you can not get them for love nor money in the hotel!!! Remember you need $10 each to get into the country and $20 each to get out! By friend nearly cried as she was $7 short, likely someone gave it to her!Avoid the men who try and pull you into a conversation about a welcome package that turns out to be some sort of holiday time share thingy (they wear white top and black trousers and are stationed down the main walk way of the hotel!Walk along the beach at night, we saw two shooting stars!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort We just returned from a week at the Ocean Sand Golf/Beach Resort in Punta Cana. It was beautiful. Neither my husband or I had been out of the country before and felt this was a wonderful experience. Apple Vacations does an awesome job of putting together their vacation packages. The resort was beautiful and clean. We stayed in Villa 3 on the top floor, which was right in the middle of everything. The only complaint we had was our maid service was terrible. Even after tipping her we still had horrible service. We did not have any clean towels in our room for 2 days. The food was good. I was kind of hesitant on what I ate but my husband has no problem eating anything. The service at the restaurants is pretty good but you do have some slow service at some of them. The coffe shop was awesome and had wonderful cheesecake. We didn't have any problems with the timeshare people bothering us. If they ever approached us, we just told them we were not interested and they didn't bother us anymore. We really enjoyed the entertainment that went on at the beach/pool area all day and then the entertainment in the lobby in the evening. The sax and keyboard player were awesome. The guys that led the pool entertainement were great at their job and tried to get everyone involved. Everyone that worked at this resort were very friendly especially the bartender, Dominique, at the swim up bar in one of the pools. The pools were huge and beautiful. We went on 2 tours, the Outback Safari, which was very interesting and informative. It makes you thankful for what you have. We also went to the Marinarium and snorkeled and swam with the sharks and stingrays. That was alot of fun. We did venture down to the Bavaro Palace to do some shopping one afternoon and that was also fun and adventurous. I loved bargaining with the people. They are funny and have no intentions of harming anyone. That was the nice thing about Punta Cana, you didn't have to fear for your life if you left the resort where I've heard in other countries you should never leave your resort. I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone and stay here again if I returned to Punta Cana. The only thing that we did not like was the drinking age is so young in the Dominican Republic and the much younger crowd does not know how to act when they are drinking and get out of control.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Birthday ever ! This was my first time in the Dominican and I can say it was my favorite. From the moment we stepped off the plane into the small, thatched roof airport I was hooked. We arrived very late at the airport as I plane was delayed in Toronto, but we didn't care we were in the Dominican. I was travelling with four of my best friends, and we had all given ourselves this trip as our 40th Birthday present. After arrival and settling into our adjoining rooms, two of the girls headed off to the late night bar and came back with a tray of Margaritas and we sat on the balcony and had a few night caps. Wonderful soft breezes were blowing and we thought we had died and gone to heaven. We had just left Newfoundland where it was snowing !! The best thing about the Dominican, next to the white sandy beaches, beatiful warm weather, fabulous hotel was the people. I fell in love with the people instantly. The were so kind, gentle and happy. The staff of the hotel were so accomodating and polite. Everywhere we went it was Hola senora  and of course we all had a hand at trying our Spanish...which was definetly worth a laugh ! We tried every restaurant and had no complaints about any of them. We went to the Disco every night and danced like no one was watching...of course they were !! We made friends witha couple of staff from the resort and would speak on daily basis and we felt like they really cared about us. Maybe because we really cared about them! Wonderful, wonderful people. We went on a couple of excursions arranged by our travel guide. We went horseback riding on a remote beach for 4 hours! This trip included a 30 minute bus ride throught the Dominican countryside which we were cvery pleased to experience and also through a small village which was eye-opening. How fortunate we all felt when we came away from this trip. Yet one thing that reamins is that in so much poverty lies a people with faith, love and a true sense of what God has given them. The ability to share of themselves with such warmth and kindness.The other excursion we went on was boat trip that took us snorkeling. This was also throught the travel guide. Excellent time! There were about 30 people on board and about 8 crew members, snorkeling was fabulous! My first time so I was pretty excited! The crew made sure there were proper safety measures carried out and were very professional about their jobs. Of course once the snorkeling was over the party began!! The crew put on a show that was interactive and very lively, great music, great dancing and again wonderful people! What a blast!I have to say we had such a great time and the Ocean Sands will be a place I will visit again. Grand open spaces, large comfortable rooms, delicious retaurants, great music and entertainment. But of course for me, I will remember the smiling faces who greeted me wherever I went. Thank you !  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice time but won't return to the Dom. Republic again I'll start off by saying that this was my wife's and my second trip together, the first being to a 5 star in the Mayan Riviera. So perhaps our standards were set higher, or perhaps we haven't been on enough trips throughout the Carribean yet to judge this resort correctly. But this is an honest review nonetheless.Firstly, we toured with Signature Vacations. No complaints there, except for some minor false promises like a free drink and headphones on the plane. The plane was delayed an hour from Toronto, so I guess it was a sign of things to come. Got into Punta Cana airport at around 9:00 PM. We wizzed through customs, and off we went on the half hour, air conditioned bus ride to the resort. Signature and the Ocean staff on the bus were wonderful. They explained many things about the resort, and gave us our hotel keys and beach cards on the bus.... no check in!!!! We were now very excited and couldn't wait to get there. We got to the lobby and sent our luggage along the way to our rooms. Decided to grab a couple of drinks from the bar. Well, this is where my complaints all began. I got to the bar and literally stood there 5 minutes before one of the two bar tenders even looked my way. I've heard that they appreciate tips, but before I even get my first drink... come on!!! Once the bartender did approach me I smiled and kindly said Ola, du cerveca's por favor (spelling?) No smile returned, just a quick OK and brought my drinks. We were both pretty tired from the flight so we had our drinks and decided to go to our room for the night.We stayed in Villa 8. It is about a 5 minute walk from the lobby. The resort is long and skinny so the walks from the lobby to beach are long. They have carts that go around all day picking up guests, but we never used them. We enjoyed the exersice, and my calves have never been stronger. Got to our room, a junior suite, no problems there. The room was average at best, nothing special. Perhaps a deluxe or honeymoon suite would have been nicer.So what about the restaurants? Well we went to all except for Route 66 and the Bodgeon (the wine and chef's table, an extra $35 US each). We figured that we eat North american food enough at home, and we can have good steaks at home. The best by far was the Bucanero seafood restaurant on the beach (also an extra $35 US each). But what a view and the meal was superb. Shrimp and lobster to die for. It was a very romantic meal. The second best was probably the Italian restaurant followed by the Carribean grill. Both had very good food and service. Our least favourite was by far the Mexican. and then the Dominican. The food and service weren't as great, but it was still OK. The buffets (three of them) all had above average food, though we never went for dinner.We had perfect weather the whole week, about 10 minutes of rain total. AMAZING!! The pools and beach, excellent. Beautiful clear and blue ocean, and clean pools. Enjoyed the swim up bars the most. The bartenders are the best there. Ask for Damion and his special at the pool bar closest to the ocean. He was my fave!!! Very nice, and always smiling when he saw me. He deserved all the tips he got.We went to the disco a couple of nights (the spanish music dragged on a little too much if you ask me) and went to the theatre every night. The shows are really neat, and really demonstrate their culture. Arrive early and learn to Salsa on stage!!! The kids really enjoy the shows too. Make sure you go the the Mr. Ocean show, it was absolutely hilarious. My wife and I were in stitches.Now, for the other side. I think that we got unlucky with our maid. First day, our fridge was stocked with pepsi, water and beer. The next 6, no more beer. I gave a tip the first night... don't know what happened there. Also, alot of the time, the maids will do something special with a towel or leave a flower, something simple like that... nope. Just new towels everyday except for the last two. People we know in the same Villa had beer stocked daily, and had extra towels EVERY day. I guess it all came down to consistency at this resort, and it was hard to find. Some of the employees were very cheerful and willing to help... others not a word. Also, prepare to be bombarded by a lot of Puerto Ricans. Apparently a lot of them go there. I don't mean to sound like a bigot, but it seemed like the better spanish you spoke, the better service you received. I don't mind the language barrier, after all we are in their country, but you'd figure we would at least be treated equally.Also, the hotel is absolutely beautiful, the grounds and areas are kept very clean. But for a hotel that is barely a couple of years old, there is a lot of cracks, damaged tiles, chipping paint and terrible plumbing (just a warning). The maintainance staff sure better get their act together before the place starts to get tired looking.Other than those few minor complaints we did have a good time. Although, next time we will be going to Cuba. Again, this is just one opinion, and everyone sees things differently. I would recommend this hotel for families and honeymooners. Singles should try somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Liked it, BUT...       Pool  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation my husband and i just returned from the DR and we stayed at Ocean Blue Golf resort. We were there from may 29th-June 4th. We stayed in Villa 10 which was perfect we had an ocean view and were outside both pools. We were a little worried we purchased the trip through vacation express in jan and i did not read any reviews until like March and most of them were not very good. (I think some people are just picky) The vacation express rep was so friendly he told us about the popular drinks in Punta Cana and things to watch out for on our way to the hotel, which is about a good 30 min drive. The hotel was beautiful and staff very friendly. Our room was great and everyday stocked with beer, pop  water, and plenty of towels. Some tips to keep in mind: Men bring jeans or dress pants 4 of the resturants are al cart and the men need to be in pants to dine and you do not want to miss out on the dinners, they do have buffet but that gets old. Bring plenty of one dollar bills for tips, it was difficult to get change and the staff work hard and desrve the xtra money. They have bowling so bring some socks to wear the shoes. There are royal reps from time shares that hang out every morning waiting to pounce on you just tell them you are not interested and walk on unless you are. There are tents set up on the beach to go shopping, so don't waste the taxi money to go to the plaza in town, it is the same stuff and after about 45 min we were so tired from bartering with them we went back to the resort. The resort has no pay phone so make arangements with your cell Co. so you can make calls. the call from your room will cost A LOTof money. The best feature of the resort is Mike's coffee shop. The resort has premium alcohol so ask for it. it was worth it just Have fun!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't go wrong at Oceans To make it short  sweet- if your looking for the perfect family vacation don't waist you time reviewing other resorts Ocean sands is the place I can not think of one thing Oceans did not have that we wanted while away. This is not a singles place not too many 20 somethings making noise at night. infact the do have a disco somewhere but we never even heard it once .  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>torchlake
<Content>Excellent Beach! Great Pizza, Great Chicken, Great Orange Juice! We just arrived back from Punta Cana. We started our trip on May 7th and stayed until May 14th. USA 3000 had a flight delay for 3 hours so we were stuck in Chicago wondering if we were ever going to leave Illinois. We finally borded at 9:30 am. It took 4 hours to fly there. The food on USA 3000 is not the biggest meal so I would reccomend bringing something from home. The flight had a movie and some tv shows. It was a good flight and the 4 hours went by quick. When we landed you actually walk on the tarmack. You follow other people to the airport to get your bags and you pay a 10 dollar per person tax to get in the country. 2 girls from DR will take pictures of you once you arrive at the entrance of the airport. When you leave the girls will have your picture on the wall with a ton of others and see if you want to spen $7 dollars for the photo. The photos are neat but to exspensive. After you get through their meak customs you head to the baggage where the local cab drivers are everywhere. Take an apple vacation because it is so much easier to find the flowered shirt people and that is what you want when you are not familiar with Spanish and what to do. So we got on the Apple bus that had A/C pouring out! It was awesome, nice and cold. The bus driver drove crazy. The Apple Rep talked to us for about 40 mins and then we arrived to the hotel. The country is very poor. Poverty at its worst. You will see kids with no shoes and wondring the dirt roads. Chickens are everywhere to. The Ocean Blue is not a golf resprt so do not think that. If yo want to Golf you will have to go near the airport. There is no talk about Golf at all and you only see the course when you enter and exit the Ocean Blue. We arrive to the hotel and it is beautiful. Marble floors, 2 huge pools, 1 swim up bar the other one was closed. That was upsetting because there were a lot of guests and no room to sit at the pool bar. They should have opened the 2nd pool bar! The beach was like walking on cotton. The sand was soft and in some spots pink. We woke up every day at 7am and were out to the beach walking at 730am. You can walk for miles on the beach. The water was so beautiful! Turquoise, teal, blue, gree, fish swimming around. It was great. There was a constent breeze each day from the ocean so you felt cool on the beach because the wind was blowing. It was at leat 95 all week hot and sunny. We had ran a few afternoons at 2:30pm but we got up so early to enjoy the sun, sand, and water we were getting good tans early. The food was good. The burgers were not good. The chicken was excellent. Moist. The orange juice was so good in the am. The beer Presidente is good and strong! 5% alcohol. The strawberry drinks were good with a hint of coconut. The pools were huge! There is a smaller hot tub that they fill with cold water too and we relaxed there one whole day. The music will drive you nuts after the 3rd full day. The hotel staf loves to play this song....it goes like this HOLA SENOR, HOLA SENORA over and over and over! It will make you crazy. The beach bar plays a cd over and over with a bird screaming at certain spots. What we did was brought out cd player and cd's and speakers to dround out the hotel music. The hotel staff loves to act like they are disk jockeys. We were told not to even let the water from the shower get in our mouth. Also you CANT drink any tap water there. You have to brush your teeth with bottled water. I brougt Dial Hand soap. You should too. We also had bug spray that we put on just so we would not get any bites from the bugs. We used 3 bottled of sunscreen down to the last drops. Make sure you bring SOLAR CANE, FOIL, that green gell in the suntan lotion section and benedryl. These products will help you if you burn your skin from the sun. Foil is a spray that you can get at Walgreens, buy it!! I forgot to bring it and had to use Neosporin and take Benedryl to get rid of the itchy burn from the sun. The Italian restaurant was awesome and the Mexican one. Order the chicken Fajitas at the Mexican they come to you in a bath of firey tequila! It si so cool! Mikes was cool too. That is the coffee shop. There were bugs in the sweet case so becareful when you order a muffin or the pies. The gift shop was average prices. 2 batteries will run you 4 dollars. If you smoke cigarettes buy them at the Punta Cana Airport. It is 22 dollars for a carton. At the Ocean Gift shop they are $15 dollars a pack! The room was nice and large. The a/c cranked! It was so cold! It was a nice room. The bathroom had tile falling off the shower walls. We were in building 5 facing the pool. The best location. A tram comes and picks you up for dinner and takes you all around. We watched NBC, Cubs games. They had satelite tv. It was a great trip. Going home was sad and getting to the airport was hot! We had to stand in a very long line while 1 guy checked the luggage at the customs. He opened every bag! There were at least 200 Chicago people in line! It was at least 100 that day! We saw Iam Zeiring from 90210 at the airport! That was cool! It is day 2 of being home and my skin is stioll burt! I am super red and tan! We loved this place.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation for family of 5! My family of five stayed here April 3-10. We had a wonderful time, food was great, something for everyone, including a 9, 7 and 18 year old. We did have a few problems, like we requested a room with two queen beds but were given a king bed, but they moved us right away. The new room we were given had a broken safe and lighting problems, but we spoke to our Signature rep, Max who is great, and we were moved again the next day and had no further problems.This place is so beautiful, you will have an awesome time no matter what. We had no hot water problems like some I read about.One BIG thing I want to mention is I left my purse the first night we arrived at the buffet restaurant and it was returned to me about an hour later, not ONE DOLLAR was touched, and I had a wallet full of cash. I was so impressed with these people, all of the staff were really friendly and hard-working.The resort is clean, modern, beautiful. The pool is HUGE, the beach is gorgeous and the rooms, despite our troubles are clean and big. The Dominican is HOT and all of us got great tans, but my kids did get a sunburn even with regular applications of 50 SPF!My kids were never bored. My husband golfed every day and said the course was great, no trouble getting a tee-time from the course.We flew Skyservice which was fine and I have to say I would never travel with any company other than Signature . We had a rep at the Halifax airport who gave us our tickets (as I booked with Sell-off Vacations.com, who were great also). When we landed in the Dominican there were Signature reps holding signs showing us what bus to get on to our hotel. When we got to our hotel there were Signature reps there to show us where to go, get us organized. And there were reps around all week to answer any of our questions or concerns.Same when we were leaving.It was, overall, a worry-free, relaxing vacation well worth the great price we got on-line.I would go back again in a heart-beat and we had a wonderful over-all experience.I booked this hotel as all 5 of us could stay in one room and there was plenty of space for all of us, so I would highly recommend this hotel to any family, but especially families of 5 who are on a budget looking for a great value vacation.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chrissy123
<Content>Beautiful Resort May family and I (3 children) stayed at Ocean Sand April 20-27/06. The resort is beautiful and clean. It is a big resort but there is a trolley that goes around the resort if you do not want to walk. It takes about 5-10 minutes from the lobby to the beach if you want to walk.Check In/Out: Please be aware that 'check in' is not until 3pm - so if your flight arrives mid morning - please know that you will have to wait for your room. Otherwise, it is quick and painless.Rooms: We stayed in Villa 9 (great location because it was close to the pool and beach) - the room was very clean. Our maid was very good - provided us with fresh towels everyday and stocked up the mini fridge daily. Never had any problems.Pools: There are 2 big pools - very spacious. Please note that you should reserve your pool chairs by 7am if you have want some shade (umbrella) - otherwise, plenty of pool chairs for the number of people at the resort.Food: Excellent - even the buffet (lots of variety). I would definitely recommend the a-la-carte restaurants, especially the Dominican restaurant. It is also a MUST to vist Mike's coffee house - great selection of coffees/teas and desserts.Staff: Courteous and polite. All the staff that we came across were very nice and eager to help.Souvenirs: I would recommend going to the market on the beach as the gift shop at the resort is very expensive. Just remember that you can always bargain with the vendors on the beach - never accept their first offer.Overall, my family and I had a great time at the resort. It is definitely the place to be if you want a relaxing and enjoyable holiday - my children did not want to leave.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place for kids We just got back from Oceans sand, I must say we had an excellent time. Myself, my husband and my 2 children 5 and 8.The food was good, the buffet was the best out of all the restaurants.The beach was beautiful, the sand was white and powderey soft.A couple things to be aware of:1) The resort will lose power every so often. It is a pain in the bum, but the grounds make up for it.2) The staff do not speak english, which is difficult. When you order a drink in english, they just stare at you. Make sure you know the basics in Spanish, or French.3) Getting $$$ was impossible. The bank machine is ALWAYS out of order. So make sure you bring enough for your stay.4) ABSOLUTELY do not go with the company they recommend for swimming with dolphins. It is like a boot camp, the ride there is awful, and the people who run it are bossy and ignorant. For $80 US, you'd be better to stay at the resort and enjoy the sun.All in all, a wonderful vacation, and the property is beautiful. I do recommed this resort, but keep in mind my comments. If you do, you will have a great holiday.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed from Calgary, AB My husband and I travelled with friends and stayed at the Ocean Sands Golf  Beach Resort from April 18th to April 25th 2006. We have stayed at all inclusive resorts in Cuba and the Mayan Rivera several times with no problems that we would bring to anyone鈥檚 attention, but we truly feel you need to be warned about this resort. CHECK IN: The trip from the airport to the hotel was quick and you didn't have the dreaded milk run to drop off people at other resorts as the van takes you right to the resort which is nice. Upon arrival check in went pretty smooth although we had requested an adjoining room which we did not get or a king bed but we were fine with what we got.ROOMS: We stayed in Villa 8, which was recommended by a lot of Trip Advisor travellers as it is close to the pool and beach and only a short walk to the buffet and main lobby. We stayed on the main level Room 8114 (main floor). Rooms were not bad, but not 5 star quality in our opinion. I really am not a picky person when it comes to traveling, I realize that we are going to other countries and some things will be out of sort, however, what I will mention will probably turn most of you away from this resort. Our friends stayed in a room beside us and it took them 4 days to come and re-set the safe so they could store their belongings. The Signature brochure showed that the mini fridge was stocked daily and we received 2 mini beer and a couple of waters the day we arrived and after that we had to pay for it. We would leave money in the fridge and they would take the money and not leave the beverages. People we hooked up with had the sofa lounger in their room infested with ants. I can handle a few ants here and there, but it was so bad they had to put the cushions out on the balcony. One night I had come back to my room and noticed that my bathroom had flooded from the ceiling. Water soaked my entire bathroom and there were sand and rocks that fell into the shower/tub. I used every towel I had to clean up the mess and thought it would be a one time occurrence but it happened a couple days later but this time the entire bathroom ceiling bowed down and exploded with water. They took the ceiling slats down and it gushed everywhere. Obviously they have plumbing issues in this hotel. We were moved to another room where we had no problems for the two days we stayed in it. We also noticed that our bedding was not changed while we stayed there until we moved into a different room. There was dirt mark at the bottom of the bed sheet and it was there for at least 5 days. Gross!!POWER OUTAGES: The first time the power went out it was around 8:00pm until 1:00am. The entire resort was pitch black as they have NO back up lighting. People were scrambling looking for their toddlers in the dark. We had to go into the al la carte restaurants and take candles off the table so we had some light and not knowing how long it would last. When the electricity goes out, so does the water. No water in the sinks, shower or toilet for several hours. We had to use our garbage can to get water from the fountains to put into the toilet tanks so we could flush. The next day the power went out again around 5:00pm when people were getting ready to shower up for dinner and again NO water. We saw people showering in the pool and one lady used conditioner in her hair and rinsed in the pool. It was gross! The power came back on a couple hours later and we didn't have any more episodes during our stay. I would bring a flashlight with you for sure. By the way......the power outage was only our resort, the others were fine.RESTAURANTS: The buffet was the best by far. There are a lot of choices and we didn't have any problems. We tried the Mexican restaurant and the food was not edible. We took one bite each and walked out and went to the buffet. The Italian restaurant was not much better but we ate a bit and then went to the buffet for some more. The restaurants are like they have all the meals pre-made and they serve it buffet style from the kitchen as you get it within 10 mins of sitting down at your table. There was one restaurant down by the beach which was pretty good, we had the beef tenderloin and we enjoyed it. BEACH/POOL: A lot of reviews stated that you needed to put a towel on your chair by 7am or you didn't get one, but we ventured out around 11am and there were always chairs at the beach or pool that you could move around to where you wanted. Keep in mind that every day people are leaving the resort and check out is 12:00 pm so you will find chairs mid morning but maybe not around 4:00pm as many people have already arrived. The pool was fine, I preferred it myself as the beach is super noisy with motor boats and helicopters constantly. At the beach they rope off the area where you can swim and it is pretty narrow. Don't go past it or you risk losing a limb to the crazy boat drivers! Lots of seaweed and they don't clean up the beach. There were plastic glasses and straws everywhere.STAFF: There was definitely more of a language barrier than in Mexico or Cuba but the staff aimed to please. They were friendly but kept to themselves or would just say they didn't understand and walk away. I am surprised that the resort allows the Royal Holiday people to stand outside the buffet and try to talk you into buying into their time shares. One couple we knew did attend the 1.5 hour session and got a free massage but they want you to drop $16,000 US on your credit card right then and there as the deposit and then pay the remainder later. We had terrible experiences every day being asked by staff members if we wanted to purchase cocaine or marijuana from them. The security guards were the worst - very persistent - Geez, would you feel safe on this resort? Overall I would give this resort a 2 out of 5 based on our experiences. Again, we have been to several all inclusive鈥檚 and never complained once and had a fantastic time. To pay over $4200 for two people plus spending money on top of that, you are better off staying at another hotel and not take the chance at this one. It's funny that Signature Vacations will not recommend certain excursions off the resort as they are not safe or worth the money in their opinion, but they still will list and recommend this resort in their travel brochure.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family of 5, gorgeous place, curtious staff We are a family of 5 (3 children) and have been to Punta Cana before at another resort (Sirenis Tropical). Ocean Sands was very similar (probably owned by the same company) with a fabulous beach, clean large rooms and amazing pool.  We only ate at the buffet which was perfect for the kids. (Kids ages, 10, 12, 14). (Especially the evening they had Chinese). The boys loved the buffet. They are fussy eaters and they had no problem filling up their plates. You must visit Mike's Cafe. They served the best coffee I've ever had, and amazing pasteries and cakesThe staff is curtious and they understand and speak English very well, which I found to be amazing....since we are in their country.Having 3 boys, they stayed in the pool the majority of the time. I found having Villa #9, on the 1st floor (across from the pool  close to the beach), very convenient for the boys and would recommend it if you have kids. Also you get better water pressure than the 3rd floor (as we found out from other guests.) The kids loved the bowling, billiards  fooseball table. They also enjoyed the magic show in the evening. And the boys loved getting their photos taken with all the different animals. The only thing that was disappointing was the disco. It's too bad because the kids were really looking forward to that.  I highly recommend this resort if you have kids. We felt very safe there. Just keep in mind it is a large place. There is a trolley train (as we called it) to take you place to place.Another thing, if you finally find a bartender that makes the drink the way you like it, make sure you stick with that bartender. I never had one Island Cooler the same.Sabine  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best vacation EVER Me and my family stayed at the ocean sands golf and beach and had the time of our lives. This is the most beutiful and clean resort i've been to and i would highly recommend it.food-no complaints on the food we ate at every restarant there and the foodwas always warm and very good tasting, our favourite place was margaritas a great mexican resterant we also loved mac 's coffee place a cozy coofee shop whith the best ever cheese cake.rooms- looved our junior suit, i wouldn't even bother to do the upgrade the room was jjust fine. the room service was great the maids always kept the place spotless. We tipped our maid a dollar daily and had extra beer water and pepsi in the fridge aswell as she plaed decorative flower arangments on our beds.pool-the pool was very clean and we loved the swim up bar (they mix a mean bahama mama there lots of punch to the drinks) even tho there are thousands of guests at the motel the pool was never crowded. If you want a pool chair tho i advise you go early to get oone and a towlet too. (they run out sometimes)things to do -they had a wide range of things at the hotel to do like bowlin, rock climbing, kyaking boogie boards etc. They also had snorkling, out back safari, boating, and dolphin swimming, and much more tour available at an extra charge.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Won"t Be Sorry I just got back from this resort yesterday and I was so sorry to be leaving. It surpassed all of my expectations. I had read some posts about the food that were less than favorable. On the contrary, I feel that there isn't anyone who could not find something they liked. The buffets are endless selections of every type of food. Freshly squeezed juices and personal chosen omlettes top the list for me. I had gone with a group for a wedding and that was handled beautifully. There were several other weddings varying from formal to causual. I would not hesitate to reccomend a wedding there whatever your taste. The photographer is unbelievable. The resort itself it very nicely decorated and it has spacious suites that are furnished well. The HUGE pools are icing on the cake for me. The beach was endless and breathtaking. The weather was gorgeous and I had read that it was suppose to rain. My tan is so dark, I look funny. I highly reccomend a strong sunblock. I tan very well and even I burned. Be carefull not to forget your scalp. The only day trip I took was to swim with the nurse sharks and the stingrays. The day trips were costly. I thoroughly enjoyed it. My entire experience was truly pleasing, so I don't know where all the bad reviews are coming from. I have done quite a bit of travelling andI I will most definately go back to this resort in the near future. Feel free to e-mail me any questions.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the beach my wife and i have just return from ocean sand the beach and pools were superb we travelled with first choice and our rep max was very helpful with information about the hotel and the various trips that were on offer our room was clean and everything worked but a few of the couples we met did have a few problems the lighting was low to say the least food was good in the buffet restaurants the italian and mexican were good and the beach dinner was also great the waiters and bar staff are very friendley night time entertainment is not very good and gets a bit boring after four nights of the same music the coffee shop is excellent and the sports bar was always good for that late night drink this is a nice place to chill out or if you want to join in the various activites around the pool or beach we met some loveley people so steve gary keith and your famileys thanks for making our holiday a great success and a big hello to james on the whole this is a loveley place to stay and would recommend it  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out for Royal Holiday sales people Much of what I read about the resort before I left and since I've been home has been accurate. What hasn't been mentioned enough is the danger of being sucked in by the Royal Holiday Club sales people. They stake out the Buffet every morning and my husband and I barely got away. We went to the presentation and were nearly sold on what appeared to be a fantastic program. However, when we insisted on a night to think it over, my husband went on the internet and reviewed a club book only to discover that the promises made were lies and there were hundreds of fraud alerts and complaints about the company. I am appalled that the Ocean Blue Resort even allows these people on their property. If you go to Ocean Blue, STAY AWAY from the RHC sales people and you'll be OK. Place is REALLY clean; staff are REALLY nice; food is only OK - bland and often dry -- but chocolate ice cream is better than you can get anywhere in the US; pools and pool bars are fabulous; BEWARE: LOTS of stuff gets STOLEN out of the rooms, and the resort personnel don't care and won't help. Still can't figure out how that happens with safes in the rooms and doors that are supposed to lock. My son had $100 and his watch stolen off of the bedside table while he slept. His door was often not secure. Pretty scary. Just be careful and sleep with your ALL your money and even cheap jewelry and watches under your pillow or in the safe -- it sucks even when that stuff gets ripped off. We went with a large group (like 150 or more) and several of the families in our group were without air conditioning for most of the trip. This is a BIG problem when you are that close to the equator and the temperatures exceed 80 every day. They were also told by the resort personnel that NO ONE had air. That was a lie -- just to get them off their backs. Also, some of the in-room safes malfunctioned when full of a guest's belongings (HMMMM??). Italian restaurant was the best and Mike's coffee shop was always fun in the evenings. Beachside huts have lots of souveinirs and jewelry and if you like to haggle, its really fun. Best if you speak some Spanish. I'd go back but only with a group like this time. Overall lots of negatives balanced with lots of positives and a beautiful resort. Don't book through Apple Vacations though -- not efficient at all!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Resort My husband and I stayed here from March 22-29 2006. After reading some of the reviews, I was getting a little nervous....so if anyone out there is feeling the same way, STOP! This place was amazing. The grounds are breathtaking. The pools are the largest I've ever seen in any resort. The room was large and nicely decorated. The jacuzzi is very nice and yes, the door only closes halfway, so a little water gets out while you shower but there is a drain on the floor, it does not get flooded like some of the other reviews stated. Also the room was never muggy or musty. We were very impressed with the food. The buffets are excellent, well above average by all-inclusive standards. The restaurants were also good, especially the Dominican and Mexican. We weren't crazy about the Italian, it was just okay. And the American (50's diner) was good too. The casino was great. We were there every night playing blackjack and had a great time. The staff was also very nice and eager to make us happy. We did tip when appropriate and while it is appreciated, I really don't think it affected the service we recieved. The staff doesn't speak much english, but they always seemed to know what we were looking for. The bowling alley (black light bowling) and game room was also very impressive. They have about 8 lanes. There's a DJ,bar,pool tables,air hockey and foosball.I would strongly recommend this resort for anyone, We booked through CheapCarribean.com and got a fantastic deal. My feeling is that the price for this resort will skyrocket once they establish themselves, the resort has only been open a little more than a year. Definately a 5 star resort. oh...and while the resort is large, the walk from the lobby down to the beach only takes about 10 minutes. Some of the reviews made it sound like it was a 2 mile trek!? Not the case at all!!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Found! We returned from a glorious vacation at Ocean Sands on March 24, 2006. I have travelled to tropical locales five times, so although far from being worldly, I do have some experiences with which to compare. I would say this resort deserves it's 4+ rating...in a 3rd world country. I am, unfortunately, an extreme clean freak, and this resort suited me just fine! We were fortunate enough to be given a VIP room in Villa 10, with both ocean and pool views...only steps to the beach. So perhaps my review would be different if I had stayed in Villa 1, facing the empty lot or opposite resort. I can't judge that, as I never saw any other rooms except the one we were given on the last day to shower in, before our flight left. It was not too pleasing as it had a dismal view and was a smoking room....however it was still clean and had a lovely marble washroom with double sinks, shower and jacuzzi. Enough of the room....who cares? Believe me you will never be in it! The ocean is WARM and a stunning turquoise. The sand is powdery fine and literally, stretches endlessly in BOTH directions! We walked 2 hours north one day and 2 hours south another. Both times we had to return due to heat exhaustion,but we wanted to KEEP going....but there was no end in sight!! We found a beautiful clear lagoon to swim in when we walked north, and the day we walked south we discovered some beautiful spots for photos (some secluded, swaying palm trees that had a perfect backdrop for photos). Do not envision a secluded paradise...it is a paradise but FAR from secluded!!! We were there at Spring Break so we expected a lot of tourists...and there were! What I did not like about the resorts at Punta Cana was the fact that there is a STEADY stream of speedboats, banana boats, parachute boats,water taxis, helicopters etc. etc. They speed about with no spotters and little regard to safety, so it is definitely swimmers beware!!! At times I felt we were in a war zone because of the continual drone of the helicopters overhead, carrying tourists. However, it did not ruin our vacation and our teenage son LOVED all the action so we went with the flow. Truly, the gorgeous weather, warm turquoise ocean, clean resort and endless sretches of talcumy sand more than make up for any shortcomings! We had perfect weather the entire week. It was in the 30's (C)but there was always a beautiful tropical breeze to make it manageable. We felt this resort was generous with it's water activities, compared to other all inclusives we visited. We went catamaraning EVERY day...and could go for an hour. We had to go out for a 10 min test,initially, to show that we could manage the vessel and did not have to pay for a lesson. If you can't sail, you shouldn't expect a free lesson, as far as I am concerned. We are NOVICE sailors and they had no problem letting us use the catamarans. My husband also kayaked everyday. At the Barcelo in the Mayan, we were only allowed to use the sailboats one time during our entire stay, so we felt Ocean Sands was generous indeed. If you are traveling with teens you will be pleased to hear our 16 year old son rated this his best vacation EVER! I would not rate it my most favorite, but I would not hesitate to recommend this resort to family and friends. You should be forewarned that the water does sometime go off. Three times during our week, there was no water. Usually it comes on again in about 5 minutes...so no big deal, provided you are not already lathered up in soap (which we weren't)! Once I had a cold shower, but it may have been my fault in learning how to adjust the dials. One time there was no cold water for about 4 hours in the resort which meant you could not flush the toilets. Fortunately, we were all enjoying the beach so we did not really even notice. I have never been in the D.R. before, but it is true....the lighting is TERRIBLE!!!! My sister said it was the same in Puerto Plata. It is EXTREMELY dim and hard to read at night, but this is not exclusive to Ocean Sands! On a positive note, you look quite youthful in the mirror!!! I might sound easy going, but actually I am quite fussy....so if these things did not upset me, I can assure you, they won't impact you at all! The staff were hard working and tried to please. Compared to other vacations, I felt the English spoken at the lobby was quite adequate. Now for the food. Unfortunately, I would have to say that this is where the resort failed. Of all the all inclusives I have stayed at, the food here was my least favorite. However, NONE of us ever got sick....so that is the big thing. I am very cautious about what I eat, so I stuck to things that I felt were safe, as I have a very sensitive stomach. I usually ended up eating pizza when at the buffet as it was always tasty. The beach buffet is not good. We tried 3 (or 4?) of the restauraunts and they were fine (I stuck to chicken), but my husband is more adventuresome and he enjoyed the meals there. Breakfast was the best meal, for me. On a positive note....none of us gained any weight!!! (You will always find something to eat!) We have been spoiled by some exceptional entertainment at past resorts, and as such, we did not seem to enjoy the entertainment. We tried on 3 occasions, but it didn't grab our attention and was it was sooooooo loud. We cannot fairly judge any of the shows as we did not stay. We loved the pianist and especially the sax player that entertained in the lobby at night. Excellent! The staff at the Mexican restaurant were especially animated and loved their jobs, making for a fun visit! We were even serenaded by a Mexican trio of musicians. I felt there was a great variety offered by the restaurants and everything was beautifully displayed and presented. I think it is my own fussy appetite that was the problem....but I don't go on a vacation to eat, so it was not a big deal that I didn't have a fondness for the food. In summation, if you picked this resort, I think you will love it. It is a good value for your dollar and it is spotlessly clean. The vegetation is already lovely and the beach, pools and ocean are all exceptional! My favorite spot to date is the Mayan Riviera as the sand is even whiter and there is more to do there...the ruins, Tulum, Playa del Carmen. However, I would not hesitate to return to this resort again. If you have teenage daughters, beware that at least one employee makes very inappropriate advances. I dealt with this issue but will be notifying the resort first hand as I feel the safety of their guests is paramount to them. Other than that , we felt very safe at this resort and left our beach bags unattended (no money) daily, and there was never a problem. Please bring tips for these people, as they work very hard in extreme temperatures...especially those at the outdoor barbeques. I once tipped the men who rake the seaweed from the beach, and they were so appreciative. I was humbled and wished I could tip them all. No one ever notices these poor guys raking seaweed all day, every day in the blistering heat...without a word of recognition. At least your room maid works in air conditioned rooms! I hope you will consider tipping one of these workers as you will spot them at every resort up and down the beach. Sorry I have rattled on! You will love this resort, despite any shortcomings I have listed. I just wanted to be honest. Have a great time...we did!!!!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family fun! We just returned from a week at Ocean Sands, and we are already planning our return! We are a family of five, and our kids are 9, 6 and 4 years old. We had so much fun, the kids were crying when we left. Not that Ocean Sands is perfect, but we feel that the resort was advertised correctly, and for the price we paid, it definitely exceeded out expectations. This is the first all-inclusive we have been to in 15 years, so we don't have anything to compare to, but we do know that we had a great time. The pools are amazing, the grounds and rooms are extremely clean as is the beach (with the exception of scattered cigarette butts in the sand, which only goes to show how selfish and piggish smokers can be!). The food won't win awards, but for the most part it was very enjoyable, and there are so many options that you really can't complain. Our boys loved the rock climbing wall the most, and climbed it 3 or 4 times a day! Charles and Raymond were the guys who worked at the wall, and they were very patient with my kids who would not leave them alone. You need to be 7 years old to climb the wall, so we fibbed a bit because our 6 year old loves rock climbing, but Charles just shook his head and laughed -- I think he was on to us! The animation team was loads of fun. Look out for Reynaldo and Babyface. My kids loved those guys. Go for a Spanish lesson at the beach bar on your first day and it will help you to be friendly with everyone. Even a simple ola and a smile really makes the employees happy to serve you. And speaking of service, we never had any problems at all. Everyone was very friendly and attentive, and it wasn't like we were big tippers. Just allow yourself to smile and have some fun! There is a live show every night, and although it's not Broadway, it is a good time and something fun to see at night. Be sure to get a latte at Mike's Coffee -- it's just like home! And take the kids bowling at least once. We got a free voucher for one game, and then paid $15US for a second. It was good fun. Overall, I would recommend this resort to anyone, especially if you are travelling with 3 children, as it's one of the few resorts where you can all be in a room together and the price is very reasonable. But if you like to read at night, be sure to bring a reading light with you, as the rooms aren't lit very well. The resort is big and it's a bit of a hike from the beach to the main entrance, but enjoy the walk -- it's sunny and the weather is perfect, and anyway, why be in a rush to get anywhere?! But if walking isn't for you, there is a bus (gua gua as they call it!) that runs constantly from one end of the resort to the other. The kids club is nothing special, but my kids loved it. Mostly because they got popcorn and a popsicle and got a chance to play with other kids at the resort. Sorry this review is a bit scattered, but I'm just writing as I remember. Go and have fun -- we can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>larky
<Content>Paradise Have just returned from Bavaro stayed from 8 March until the 22 March 2006.Having read many of the reviews about this hotel prior to our departure we were a bit unsure of what we would find. I am pleased to report that the hotel was excellent in every way and we could find no fault with the hotel or the staff. The staff were more than friendly and were only too happy to help in any way that they could. The food in all of the restaraunts was excellent and I cannot understand why some visitors to this resort have complained to the extent that they have. All that my party can say is that some people must be extremely hard to please and if all they want to do is find fault them they should stay at home. Many who have stayed at the hotel reported that the hotel staff did not speak Engilsh, we found many of the staff could speak excellent English and others a little, neither myself nor my party can speak Spanish but we gave it a go and learned a few words and phrases, which the hotel staff really appreciated. After all we are visiting their country, I think the least that we can do is try to understand their language and culture. I have visited Cancun and Cuba and I would have no hesitation in recommending this resort to anyone. We will definately return it may not be next year, but we will definately visit Bavaro again and we will most definately stay at this resort. The hotel and grounds are immaculate and the staff are continually cleaning, indeed the entire resort is spotless, which is a credit to all who work there. Finallly I would like to say a big thank you to Omar our First Choice Rep, Omar if you read this you were great, thanks for all your help, and for the upgrade of rooms, it was really appreciated. Hope you enjoyed the chocolate, may see you soon!!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Vacation! I thought it was very nice there where only 3 things i would watch out for : People with a royal shirt they try to sell you stuff, the vendors they chase after you so you will buy there stuff and the costant music playing but other than that it was great the beach is lovely the pool is a perfect temperature and the swim up bar is great! I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bananafishfever
<Content>Beautiful Beach  BACKGROUND: My boyfriend and I are in our 20s and stayed at Ocean Sand from 3/6 through 3/8. This was our first time to Punta Cana.CHECK-IN: We arrived two hours early and they gave us our bracelets so we could go have lunch and had a room ready for us within an hour. They said they gave us a free upgrade to a pool view in Villa 10. It was convenient being right next to the beach and pool in the morning, but I think the best spot would be in the middle because the lobby and all of the restaurants at night are all at the front which is a bit of walk. It wasn't a big deal and you can also take the trolley if you don't feel like walking.ROOM: I believe ours was the most basic, but we barely spent any time in the room anyway so I wasn't picky. I don't think the room upgrades would be worth the extra $$, ours was fine and I thought the bathroom was very nice with the jacuzzi tub. Never had a problem with hot water but the shower did leak a little. Perhaps it's because I'm from Florida and used to the climate, but I didn't notice any mustiness or humidity.FOOD: For me, this was the area most lacking. The breakfast buffet had a lot of choices, but we were only there for 3 days and by the end I was already tired of the lunch buffet at the beach. I wasn't expecting gourmet but it really reminded me of school cafeteria food. The Mexican restaurant was a step up above Taco Bell, maybe. Route 66 (the American cafe) was still quite exotic -- a Philly Cheese Steak was a slab of unidentifiable meat with another slice of cheese and a few raw onions and red peppers on a hamburger bun, for example, and mozarella sticks were basically quesofrito. Definitely stop by Mike's Cafe though, that was the best part for coffee and sweets.SERVICE: Overall I found the staff very friendly but it definitely helps if you speak Spanish. The maids were great about bringing extra towels and keeping our fridge stocked with drinks. I noticed the dining staff became much more helpful when my boyfriend wasn't around :) I heard a lot of other visitors complaining about how long it took to get something simple like a glass of water or silverware, perhaps they should just switch to self service here during the buffets. BEACH/POOL: The beach is simply gorgeous and comparing our section with the other resorts I think Ocean Blue/Sand is by far the best. The pools are huge. My only minor complaint is that it's frustrating that everyone gets up early to reserve the lounge chairs with their towels and yet half of them are unoccupied. On my vacation I'd prefer not to have to choose between sleeping in and getting a spot at the beach.Overall, I'd definitely recommend this resort to other people. There were a few minor quirks but the resort itself is beautiful and we enjoyed our stay! One last thing, Ocean Sand  Ocean Blue are definitely the same resort, we were a little confused about this until we got here, so be sure to compare prices for both.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kel3420
<Content>Great Value, Great Resort!! My family, a party of five, myself, hubbie, our 9 yr old daughter, my father and his wife. Travelled 2/26 - 3/4. We had originally made reservations for the Allegro, and because of numerous bad reviews, changed to Ocean Blue, and couldn't have been happier with our decision. As a bit of background, Hubbie and I have travelled extensively and always looking for new places to see. My father and stepmom have never left the US, except for a stint in the Marines a zillion years ago, so this was a new adventure for them. This will be a long review, but as honest as I can be. I really dislike reading reviews that are completely slanted, so here goes...Before we left, I emailed the resort and requested building 5 or 6, first floor and made deep sea fishing reservations at www.caribbeanoceanadventures.com. By the way, Ocean Blue and Ocean Sand is the exact same resort, so compare prices to both before booking. When I looked at it. Ocean Sand was hundreds more, for the same thing. Junior suites and Deluxe suites are the same exact rooms, with different amenities such as watersports and free alcohol in the room.Flights from Chicago via Miami were uneventful. I had booked the airfare and resort thru Expedia, and chose not to use their transfer services for the price they wanted. The airport is completely unorganized when you arrive. Nobody has any clue what to do, and just follows the crowd. We had the infamous picture taken with the girls. We were then handed some form (tourist card) to fill out for $10 each (kids price also, btw). We had already filled out our paperwork on the plane. So we filled out these forms, got into yet another line, PC Immigration, where they stamped our passports and headed out to get our luggage, but before you get just a couple of steps, you are asked for the forms you just filled out. No big deal, but very unorganized. Why you cant just hand them $10 each is beyond me, lol. Luggage comes right off the carousel, we grab one of the luggage carts and load all of our stuff and attempt to leave the luggage area. We get about ten steps before we are stopped. No one speak any English, but apparantly we can't bring our own luggage outside, and especially on the carts, so they take off our luggage, put it on their own carts and herd us outside. We tell the man we need a Taxi Van and we are lead thru the parking lot. Our luggage gets loaded and for $28, off we go. The trip there is an eye opener. We see many mopeds with more than two people on them, which is a hoot, extreme poverty and the taxi drivers passing each other right and left. It was shall we say...interesting, lol.We arrive at the resort after approx 45 minutes and hubbie goes to check us in. He soon beckons me into the reception area. The receptionist and everyone behind the desk do not speak English. Usually, in the past, I have just given my name, and the reservation is found. This isn't the case, I had to give them my copy of Expedia's reservation, which they kept by the way, so if you need yours, take two copies. Check in was approx half an hour. They were confused that we had five people, but two rooms. We understood that later, when we saw five and six people to a room, all over. We finally got our room cards and pools cards (one per person although they didn't want to give us one for our daughhter, more on that later) We walked to our room after grabbing a drink. Again, check in was no big deal, just a lengthy process. The lobby is open air and beautifl. We couldn't wait to get our wristband so we could get our first drink.We got the rooms I had previously requested. Building five, rooms 6120 and 6108. First floor. We didn't get a pool view, but the view to the other resort wasnt bad, and there were still alot of Palm trees, so it was just fine. This could have been a complaint for some people, but hey we got two out of three requests and we are on vacation on a tropical island. So far so good!We had two queen beds and a sofa/bed that my daughter immediately took over, as it was just her size. Furniture was in fine condition. I was surprised at how many US TV stations we got, all the major stations plus some smaller ones, which was an unexpected surprise. The bathroom is all marble. Yes, the shower door may not close 100% completely, but really wasn't a big deal. The adjustable shower head was great, especially with a sunburn and didn't want a direct hard spray of water on you. We never had an issue with water but my fathers room only got hot shower water when both sink faucets and the tub faucet were on, lol. The fans in our room were not on and we couldn't get them on, but the maids figured them out, so that became a non issue. Yes, the rooms were absolutely musty smelling and definately damp at all times, what are you going to do? I guess if you never opened the sliders and kept the air on, it would be better, but I love the ocean breeze, so everytime we were in the room, we kept the sliders open. Both of the sliding glass doors would move, so it was sometimes tricky to get the locking pin thru both doors, but once you knew the trick, even my 9 yr old could do it immediately. We had beatiful wicker chairs and table on the patio, which was nice.In our room, we had a bottle of rum, a bottle of vermouth (??), two bottles of wine, red and white, five small bottles of Presidente beer, five water bottles, two large Pepsi's and two large Sprite's. My father's room didn't have the liquor, so we figured the person who stayed in our room before us, must have been on the Deluxe plan and left their stuff, as opposed to our Jr. Suite plan. The rooms are identical, it is just the amenities that are different. We tipped the maid three to five bucks every day and received four packets of coffee, six or more waters, pop and beer replenished, clean towels twice a day, etc. My father had flower petals almost daily in his room, on the bed and in the bathroom, but we never saw that.The courtyards for each building are different, most with beautiful water features, it is definately a nice walk to see them all. In the lobby of each building is a concierge desk. I had read reviews that said this is where we make dinner reservations, and we tried to do this, but again, the woman spoke no English, and only pointed to the Elite sign. After six nights I still have no idea what an elite member is, perhaps the people that own timeshares there? We ate at the buffet the first night. Until the last morning, we never had a problem finding a table for five, set up with glasses, silverware and napkins. The food was fine. Not the best, not the worst, and there is something for everyone. With the number of people they have to serve, and from so many different places, the selection was fine. Now, the service on the other hand was completely touch and go. Sometimes a server would come over and ask for drink orders. Typically we would order water and pop right away, before even getting up for the buffet. There were many times we would ask several times before getting served and sometimes we would get the waters immediately and sometimes never. They move at their own pace and do their own thing, and there appears to be no rhyme or reason. We found the easiest way to get around our thirst was to go and get fresh juice from the buffet, which by the way was awesome! They had banana, watermelon, papaya, pear, etc. Breakfast, lunch and dinner daily was all the same, food and service.One annonying thing I thuoght I would mention. They have people standing in the lobby of the buffet welcoming you. You think it is just that right? Employees welcoming you to the restaurant. But no, it is timeshare hawkers who will bother you on the way out. I thought that really unfair. I had to deal with them all week at the beach, pool and lobby, so to hit me up inside the restaurants I just felt was a sleazy tactic.We ate at several of the restaurants for diner, by far the nicest one was the one we paid extra for, El Bodegon. We had great wine and great steaks there. It also is never full, when we were there only four other tables were full and we had great conversations with the other people. We never got into the Italian rest. after numerous tries, the wait was just ridiculous. We talked to some people who waited three hours and never got sat, went back two days in a row, and never were able to get a seat. The buffet and rest by the beach is awesome for both lunch and dinner. For lunch, you could be in a bathing suit and bare feet, but for dinner the whole atmostphere changed, nice linens, pants and shoes had to be worn, etc. The coffee/pastry shop was awesome for after dinner drinks and desert. The mexican food looked horrible, but tasted great. The American place wak pretty good. We were never up past nine or ten so never made it to a show or to the disco. We were just plum worn out, lol.The lobby bar was nice and always crowded, after dinner. The live music was a nice touch, although we still can't figure out at a Dominican resort, with a small percentage of American travellers, why they chose to sing many 70's US ballads. Although listening to them sing their version of our old songs brought many smiles.We mostly lived at the pool. I am one of the first people up for the day. So it is always interesting to watch others wake up, still in their pajamas come and stake out their chairs. One minute there are only a couple of people milling about, and the next it is like a bunch of ants, moving here and there, setting up their chairs with towels, moving the heavy umbrellas around and then leaving again. It really is pretty humerous. I saw no one fighting over chairs or even removing anyone's stuff, but then again, the first five days of our trip, there weren't a ton of people there. The last night, Friday, several busses came in, because the place was packed! You would walk past a room, and there would be a family of six staying in there. I don't know how anyone does that, with one bathroom. I do want to mention how my daughter was treated. As I mentioned earlier, they didn't want to give me a towel card for her until I asked. At every meal, they would take our drink orders, but never hers, and they would start to walk away and we would have to stop them to add her drink order to ours. At the nicer restaurants, she wouldn't get a menu, etc. It is not like she is four, she is nine and still, they would just completely ignore her. I paid for her, just as I paid for us, she wasn't staying there free. Again, not a huge deal, but something worth mentioning.The pool bar was where we spent the majority of our time. We met a ton of great people. The first four or five days it was mostly Americans and Canadians and we definately put a dent in their liqour inventory, lol. It was while talking to those people, that you learned where to go to eat, what excursions to go on or not, etc, because getting info anywhere else was downright impossible. There were daily resort activity sheets printed out, but never handed out and unless you went all the way upfront to the lobby, you never would know what was going on for the day. For example, rock climbing, which my daughter was so looking forward to was only available twice a day at certain times for 15 minutes, and we never made it. We arrived once in time, but the bottom of her shorts were wet from walking on the beach and she wasnt allowed to go. They did have two employees walking around and taking some great pictures which were available in the lobby for $7 US later in the day. They also would have different animals to take pics with, such as a monkey one day, colorful parrots the next, beautiful white birds the next, so the kids all loved that. Reservations was a mess. I had read you had to make daily reservations at the restaurants. So the first morning hubbie and my father attempted to do this and just kept being told to go somewhere else. No one talks to anyone else or knows what to do outside of their little area. We ended up making reservations that first night, but never needed them from them on. But trying to get this info is hard. For example, when we first arrived and unpacked and went exporing, I asked the pool bartender where the pool shack was. She literally had no idea and wanted to call housekeeping for us. Now, I knew that there is a building where you get your towels and then have to return them, but she had NO idea. Of course, it was right across from the pool, on the beach. When you asked where the bathroom was el bano? you would just get a questioning look and it would be another guest that would tell you. Ask where to make restaurant reservations, and one person would tell you you don't need reservations and another would tell you to go to the front desk, the front desk would tell you to go here, and then there, etc.It was those little things that hubbie and I were talking about one night, sitting outside on 'restaurant row' having a drink. They label this resort as a 4.5 star. Personally I would give it a 3.5, but it wouldn't take that much to make it a five star. They have everything in place. They have the pools, they have the swim up bars, they have the nice rooms, they have the spa, they have the activities, etc. But they have no communication. I dont want this to come out as I am an elitist or spoiled but, they really need to have some of their employees be at least trilingual, Spanish, English, maybe French, perhaps German. I dont know, its hard with this many people speaking different languages travelling, but when the employees only speak Spanish, it can make things difficult. I have a rudimentary knowledge of Spanish, but I can get by, not gracefully by any means, but I can get my thoughts across. And yes, I know that I am in a foreign country, yada yada, but as I mentioned I have travelled extensively. I am not saying that everyone, or even many or most of the employees need to speak English, but someone at the front desk should, and someone who answers the phone should. It was a joke that yes, there was indeed room service, but only if you spoke Spanish. I mentioned earlier that we had beer and wine in our rooms, but couldn't open them because we had no wine or bottle opener. I tried calling guest services to see if anyone could bring me one, and was transferred all over and was finally told by someone that one would be brought right away. We are still waiting, lol, and obviously bought our own from the gift shop. Again, absolutely not a big deal but if you have a bottle of wine, perhaps just knowing where to get a bottle opener would be nice.All four adults had hour long massages on the beach with Angela, for $55 each, and it was absolutely heaven on earth. She came around the pool area and was taking reservations right then and there for the week. We each tipped her ten bucks and highly recommend it.Hubbie and dad went on a deep sea fishing excursion. Hubbie caught the first one. There were 7 guests on board and the boat came in with twelve Mahi Mahi's and one other huge fish, so it was a huge success and they are both still raving about it. I will post pics when I can.We talked to the resort excursion people at the beach building about Parasailing. We were told $89 for twelve minuted for two and no one could go and watch. I was down at the waters edge when the ferry guy came up to pick people up for parasailing and he asked me if I wanted to go and I asked the price. We ended up paying $70 for two people to go parasailing for 15 minutes and three of us got to go and watch for free. So talk to the boat ferry people! We paid alot less for the exact same thing, same boat, same people.There is a marketplace right next to OB, which is awesome. Talk to Tony, three stalls down and in the back, for great prices on artwork. We brought three huge gorgeous peices home. Dad brought two. I wonder who will get theirs hung first, lol.We did have to visit the medical building. My father had huge painful blisters, and my step mom just wanted gauze and band aids for him. The doctor absolutely refused and wanted to see him twice a day, every day for $50 each visit. She ended up talking to guest services after going to the front desk and they ordered what she needed from the pharmacy, had it delivered for $10. There was a woman at the medical office while she was there who twisted her ankle. They would'nt let her get into the ambulance until she paid both the doctor's bill and ambulance fee in advance (250 US). So, just as a precaution, bring bandaids, antiseptic, gauze JUST in case.The trip home was completely uneventful. I do want to mention however, that departing from Punta Cana is nothing like arriving. You would think you were at two completely different airports. Arriving is all open air buildings and complete chaos. Departing, is all organized lines, air conditioned rooms, comfy chairs, nice stores and eating places, etc. Night and day. we paid no departing tax, by the way, so I don't know what is up with that. You are told by everyone to get there at least two hours in advance. There is no need for that, but do allow time for traffic or something.So in summary, We absolutely loved this resort, we had very few problems or issues, and those we did have, we chose not to make them a big deal. Yes, our safe would't open, but we got it fixxed, yes we heard from others that things in their rooms didn't work, but all in all, I thought it was great. Would we go back? Probably not, but we rarely if ever go back to the same place twice. The water is pretty wavy for me. Can I complain about that? Of course not. I much prefer calmer waters like Aruba, which of course is our ultimate favorite. Will I recommend Punta Cana and Ocean Blue? Absolutely! I can't tell you how many people we talked to that go to Punta Cana every year, that is how beautiful it is. You can tell by all the construction this is going to be a huge travel destination in the very near future. So take advantage of the travel deals to be had. I hope you enjoyed this honest review. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me at kelly@ktrainor.com  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AbbyBo
<Content>Fantastico Value!!!! My husband and I just returned from a 6 night holiday!!! What a wonderful surprise. We arrived in the evening and opted for a cab to take us to the resort...it was 28 us dollars. At first glance we were disappointed at what we thought was a poorly designed resort.....however, by the next day we figured out the resorts set-up and gradually began to fall in love with the place. By the time we left, we promised ourselves we would be back!!! The rooms were beautifully appointed, each having a balcony and lovely bathroom. We ended up with a 2nd floor terrific ocean/pool view, which I believe made a world of difference. Some of the buildings have NO view at all....so I suggest upon check-in to try and secure a room with some kind of view. (on the 2nd or 3rd floor)The maid service lacked, but we did not care, everyday we had clean towels and sheets, what else matters? The ocean/beach was simply magnificant. Pristine clear carribean water and white sandy beach. We figured out quite quickly that if you want to secure a cabana on the beach you should go down early in the morning and throw a towel or book on your chairs to reserve......no-one will move them. Important because they fill quickly. Same goes for the pool area which is also beautiful....the chairs near umbrellas, which for the most part do not move seemed occupied quite early. (we're beach people though!) The food was average, yet we had many good surprises......a pool-side buffet dinner one evening with steak, shiskabob, chicken.........an ocean side buffet lunch one day. We did find that we always could find something that worked though! The Carribean restaurant was excellent....mexican restaurant pretty good too. Mikes Coffee shop was also terrific...often we would take cookies for the morning with our coffee! We found out that everyday at guest services there was a print out for that days activities, a good idea would be to pick up one daily or you may not find out about some really cool stuff. (example...pool-side buffet dinner) We truly enjoyed the continental breakfast ocean-side everyday....and the ocean-side snack area was a great thing for us too. Burgers, fries, ice-cream, ribs, chicken, salad etc. everyday from 3-5. Our favorite spot was the lobby bar. Awesome place in the morning for an array of specialty coffees and in the evening to party and meet great people from all over the world. They had great music every night until 10pm. The nightly entertainment began at this time in the theatre. We thought the shows were average, but they seemed great for families. (we only went 2 times though). The casino was nice, yet the hotel offers a free shuttle service to the Princess casino which is about a 10 minutue drive and has more gaming....craps, video poker and the like. The guest services was truly exceptional...they secured reservations for us at a local restaurant Captain Cooks (amazing and worthwhile to the max). They made arrangements for us to have one of the best seats in the house and even ordered for us prior to getting there. We found the language barrier a bit problematic outside of the resort, yet not too difficult. Within the resort we found that people in key positions spoke english quite well. The pool bar was also tons of fun, especially begining around 4pm everyday. If you are expecting a Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton (which we happen to enjoy) this place is not for you, but if you go with the right mind-set you will have an amazing time. The value, we found, was incredible. We used hotwire and literally saved hundreds of dollars. However, make sure to venture out beyond the resort and check out the town of Bavaro (some great shopping if you like designer hand-bags!) Wonderful time all around! If you want to bring your lap-top there are certain areas that are wireless (lobby, coffee shop), prior to our trip someone at the resort had said it was not wireless and it is!!! The internet cafe does not have the capability of printing either. The shops along the beach is also a great spot to buy cigars and coffee,t-shirts, little gift items. Fun to bargain and lots less money than at our hotel! Overall we give two thumbs up!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kathysong
<Content>Wonderful relaxing vacation       View of Ocean Sands Villas  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Resort but not 5 Star My 18-year old son and I visited Ocean Sands on Feb 20-27, 2006. We stayed in Villa #8 with a garden view. (Definitely request a pool view!! The garden is not worth viewing!)ARRIVALNo beach towels or drink waiting for us. We had ordered two queen beds but they gave us a room with a king sized bed, so that was the first problem we had to resolve. BEACHDefinitely the best aspect of the resort. Beautiful aqua coloured water and white powdery sand that is never hot under foot. Chairs in the shade need to be reserved with towels by 7:00 am!! POOLSGreat pools. Water temperature was beautiful. Swim-up bars are excellent and the service was good. Never crowded in the water but reserving chairs in the shade by 7:00 am at the latest was necessary.FOODBreakfast buffet really good. Lunch buffet in the main restaurant was good, more expansive than the conveniently located beach grill. The latter was boring and the same thing every day!! The a la carte restaurants are better than having yet another buffet. I think they should offer more choice for lunch, i.e. one a la carte choice would be appreciated. I was not happy to consider eating buffet style for breakie, lunch and dinner! I didn't find any of the seafood worth eating which was very disappointing. The salmon on the buffet was like leather. Forget about eating a good salad . . . it's not going to happen! ROOMSFelt like a dark cave. Definitely more like a 2 or 3 star. Reading was a joke. Hydro must be very expensive in the Dominican! Water was hot after you ran the tap for a few minutes. Beds were pretty comfortable. Safe worked but sliding door didn't lock. We reported it to our Signature rep who said she would take care of it but it wasn't fixed the whole week. We didn't have a view except the treed lot next door so that was regretful. Also third floor with no elevator, so it was a hike to get from the beach back up to the third floor if you wanted to just go back to the room for something. Maid service was quite good. SOCIAL ASPECTSMost people do not speak English. Staff is Spanish of course but I really didn't find that to be problematic. There is not much communication among the guests though in that it is really an international playground. This is good and bad. No one really was overly friendly though in saying good morning etc. I think you never knew if the other party was English or not. My 18 year old son who was on reading week from university met people at the disco at night which he enjoyed a lot. ENTERTAINMENTThe shows are a bit of a joke. We've been on a few cruises and the entertainment is much better quality. I suppose there is the challenge of it being such a diverse audience, but by the fifth show, my son and I had to leave since it was to the point of being embarrassing. The MC is really annoying and he is everywhere. I can still hear his voice yelling out. The management should really be looking to improve this element of the resort. The open air theatre is beautiful but it is wasted! The resort insists on playing only Spanish music over and over again. We heard the same songs every day. It would be greatly appreciated if they could mix it up a bit! I have nothing against Spanish music but everything in moderation please!!SUMMARYBeautiful architure and layout. Fantastic beach and weather to die for!! However I will not return to this resort. It would have to be spectacular for us to return when there are so many other places to see and it was really average at best. It is sad because the place has a lot of potential but they really need to examine visitors' feedback to determine the areas requiring improvement. We were definitely ready to leave after the week was over. I would take a cruise over this resort any day! There is just so much more to do on a cruise and the food is in a different league all together, especially on the Princess or Royal Caribbean cruiselines.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Olohola... Just got back last night from Ocean Blue...spent 5 nghts 6 days...and loved it. Although it was our first warm winter vacation out of the US..we don't have a lot to compair this resort to, but, speaking with others, they say by far, this resort is the best for Dominican Republic Vacations. I was concerned about other reviews, but our experience was excellent...daily our 2 daughters 15, and myself, participated in water aerobices and dance classes in the sunshine with very gracious hosts...the bars were great, however, drinks are tropical, and kind of all taste the same,my husband and I drank stoli, with lime and tonic for a break...the buffet by the ocean is best if your on the ocean and the far end of the pool closest to the ocean, the buffet by the lobby, is the best, every night was something unique, entertainment flowed through the restaurants nightly, nightly entertainment in the lobby was nice, feel free to bring your children, the late show in the Theater, is a little sexual, but we accepted it as part of their heritage...language barrier is there, but they try hard, and aim to please, rooms were very clean, very humid..the downside...well if your by the pool, you want an umbrella, people wake 5 am to save your chairs and seating area, ocean as well, although, you never have a problem on the beach...the beach is awesome, you can walk to the other resorts, an know, Ocean Blue is the best, lighted walkways for late night strolls, ...tips: bring enough swimsuits, things don't dry well..bring air freshner for the rooms,they are clean, but musty because of the humidity..there are vendors on the ocean front, be prepared to negotiate, bring beverage thermos for hot/cold drinks, this way you can take a drink from the bar and go to the ocean, or coffee in the morning and go for a stroll, they do not provide you with anything to leave the restaurants with...evening, other than the buffet, it takes a while to be seated, long pants for men is required, any kind of shirt, no flip flops, the activities are pricey, parasailing, 89.00 for 2 for 12 min., banana tubo $7 pp, 15min, snorkeling, $45 pp, 1 hr, clear bottom boat rides, $120 pp 1 1/2 hrs, only get 1 game for bowling with room, teen club not that great, food all seems to be about average, I would not upgrade anything, unless you want a fancy room, but food in all restaurants eventually show up on all the buffets...guess that's all, would go back, we stayed in room 9108, great locations villa 9  10, our view was not of the pool, it was of a vacant area, however, the rooms on top of the pool are not as private in my opinion, or quiet, music is played all day, our walk to the pool was all of 2 minutes, and to the ocean, maybe 4?, if you have any questions, please feel free to email csunderlinlmt@adelphia.net  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chalbe
<Content>Beautiful Beach, Beautifull looking hotel Just returned on the 25th of February. We flew with Signature, therefore Skyservice. Plane was late arriving, could be why we were not checked in until we got there, and there was no cool towels or drinks at checkin. We did not upgrade, but the room was fine, and the housekeeping was probably the best service in the hotel. There were fresh towels each evening, all though we did not receive out turn down service, that is not a big deal for me. We stayed in room number 8305, #8 villa top foor. Hot water was a major issue, we waited until 7:00 pm to be able to bathe. We were not the only people with hot water issues. They do give you a facecloth though which should be a relief to some of you, I always bring one to the Dominican. The food in the ala carte restaurants is good, with the Carribean beach being the best. The buffets are pretty much the same every day, and nothing is idetified, sometimes they have a picture of a pig, chicken etc above but this is not very consistent.The restuarants that you pay extra for are excellent in food as well as service. That leads to the biggest problem with this resort. They are very unorganized. No cutlery available, sometimes only plastic, try cutting a pork chop with plastic knives??To obtain cutlery or a table when there are obviously empty ones but no one sets them up, sometimes no plates at the buffets, as I said I think the major problem is a lack of organization. If you want service you must tip, whether at the bar or the front desk. The grounds are beautiful in that they are cleaned daily, but the bushes are not trimmed and have nasty dry branches that grab at your clothes or scratch you. This is not a 5 Star or even a 4 star resort, this was our fourth trip down to the Dominican and we would not return to this resort.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sugarland - A Nice Surprise!! My boyfriend and I, along with another couple, spent a week at the Ocean Sand from January 30th to February 6th, 2006. We had a great time! The weather and the beach were absolutely beautiful! Everything was very well organized, from the time we got there until the time we left. When we boarded the bus to head to the resort from the airport, we were handed a package which included our hotel room keys, a map of our resort, etc. It was so nice not having to stand in a huge line-up at the resort, waiting to check in. The resort was spotlessly maintained and beautiful, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the drinks were plentiful! Our room was beautiful (large and clean, with a great view of the pools and ocean), and the maid service was great. The food was good...not great...if you stick with the buffet restaurants, you'll be fine. We're not sure what was in my boyfriend's beef and vegetable stew, but we're pretty certain it was beef NOSTRILS (it appeared as though that was the only thing in there that actually resembled beef!). As for the tours, we went on the Outback Safari (which was well worth the money), took a helicopter ride (again, well worth the money), and my boyfriend golfed a couple of times. (I don't know much about golf, so can't comment on that part of the trip.) There was a very large group of people at our resort who were on a radio station tour from Wisconsin. Included in that group were country singers Sugarland and Keith Anderson. We were thrilled when we heard that they were performing at the Ocean Sand on the Thursday night. We had front-row seats! If you're into country music at all, you'll appreciate what a bonus this was! It was amazing to see them around the resort all week, fitting in with us 'ordinary' people. All in all, I would highly recommend Ocean Sand. My only complaint was that we should have booked a two-week vacation, rather than just one. None of us wanted to leave!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chez2008
<Content>Mixed feelings My husband and I visited this hotel from 25th Jan-8th Feb 06. We have previously stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana which happens to be the next hotel on the other side of the beach shacks.I have to say I was quite dissapointed with the room. They seem to be passing off what is a standard room at Iberostar as a junior suite here. The sofa was really a putup bed and there were no cushions or back rests so it wasn't comfortable to sit on. The lighting is dreadful!. The room was so dingy and dark - the centre ceiling light was dull and there was only 1 stand lamp which probably had a 20 watt bulb in it. We had water dripping from the light fitting over the bath - it got worsse when someone upstairs was showering. We reported it to maintenance they looked at it but didn't fix it.We had a problem with our safe - it jammed with our stuff in and the security couldn't re-set it. After a lot of coming and going, finally 4 hours later someone came with a large drill and drilled the front door open. They didn't have a new door to put on so at 10 pm we were left with no security for our passports cash etc. We were really annoyed. We had already been to reception to say that it could wait until later in the week if they could not fix it straight away only to be told by the reception staff that it was not a problem and it would be fixed straight away - go back to your room and wait !!When we left the hotel 8 days later the safe still hadn't been fixed!. Reception offered us no other security for our belongings. The rep told us if it wasn't fixed in 2 days we could move to another room - 2 days later, sorry the hotel is full it is not possible to move.We gave up.The problem here is that any faults or repairs have to be reported from your room phone to no. 220 - there is no point going to reception because this is a different department - go to your room, ring 220 and wait!! So what happens if you are not satisfied with the repair (or lack of it?)Nothing because its a different department and reception will only tell you to ring them again. A good way of passing the buck until you get fed up or its time to go home. The reception is supposed to be the 'face' of the hotel - these have no customer care skills at all - not friendly, unhelpful, abrupt - can't smile. I have never come across such arrogance.This is quite a new hotel - the design architecture etc is fantastic but its already looking quite tired - probably been rushed to finish to open.On the plusses - great food - good selection of drinks and friendly service. They could use some more staff - they struggled when it got busy.Good choice of activities - not in your faceGeorgeous beach, plenty of sunbeds, fantastic pools.If there is a big queue for the italian don't bother - it's nice but not worth the wait - once in you will still have a long wait to be served and if it's late you probably won't get what you ordered.American Diner is OK - good steaks the Dominican House is lovely. For us, the fillet steak onthe beach was best.Drinks - cocktails were really good. If you persist they have bottled beer at the back of the fridges - we got heineken and bud a couple of times but they won't give you the bottle. Not may branded spirits - whiskey drinkers will probably be ok here - JB, johnny walker red label, VAT 69, cutty sark. one russian vodka and a few martinis - the rest is their own brand.On the whole we had a lovely holiday but probably would not go back to this hotel. If you have good weather so you don't have to spend too much time in a dingy room and if you don't have any problems with your room and don't need reception for anything you will have a good time too.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>last905
<Content>qualified recommendation My husband and I were there Jan 28-Feb 12, 2006There is much to praise -- striking architecture, beautiful pool and beach, impressively landscaped open spaces.The rooms were large. I was puzzled by the discrepancy between the newness of the resort and the somewhat used furniture. The single table lamp was inadequate for reading. On the other hand, the safe, patio doors and remote control were all in working order. The bathroom door, however, was too big for its frame and wouldn't close. If you are a late night reader, look into bringing a supplementary light source.The food was on a par with other all inclusive resorts. Breakfast was best. Some of the mystery meats weren't half bad. And the fish was straightforward. If we had thought to bring favourite salad dressings, we could have built better salads. There were many raw ingredients.Service was overwhelmingly good -- maids, servers, porters were so anxious to please, we were almost embarrassed.We had a bad experience with reception, but if you don't try to change your room, you'll be fine. If they had only told us no change was possible instead of baiting and switching, it would have been kinder. As it was, they kept us coming back in an hour and packing and waiting and unpacking for the better part of two days. We felt like idiots for believing the nonsense.The source of the problem is the layout of the resort. Half the rooms face in (desirable); the other half obviously face out -- either close quarters with the LTI or the noisy, littered vacant lot. Obviously, the former are what you want. We got the latter. When you book, request pool view. It worked for some.I don't want to dwell on the negative. In the evening after dinner and a final coffee and cake at Mike's, you sit on the square under the stars, listening to music and fountains, and it feels like Disneyworld without rides and it's magic.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>David1009
<Content>Truly Enjoyable Vacation       Pool2  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort and Beach - We had an awesome time! We had the luxury of staying for one week in January at the Ocean Blue Sand  Golf Beach Resort! We were hesitant from the reviews we read, but we were soooo glad we went! The beach is breathtaking! We walked the beach and checked the other resorts out and our beach was by far the widest, cleanest, and most beautiful. We always had lots of towels, water, etc in our room. We had clean sheets every day without asking. The drinks were delicious... I recommend the daily special. The people are the friendliest you'll every meet anywhere and they go out of their way to make you happy. The food was great. We ate at every restaurant (excluding the Chef's Table and the seafood restaurant) and we had exceptional service and great food! The resort was clean and very well-maintained. We did the outback safari tour - worth every penny! You can book in the lobby of the hotel and it's alot of fun! Ask for Sammy for the tour guide and make sure you say hi from the Albertans! This was a very relaxing and fun vacation and we would definitely go back! The only tips we have 1) Take a to go mug and the bartenders will fill them right up with your drink of choice and you can take it off the resort. 2) Say hello to all the workers, the maids, bartenders, security, everyone. They're very friendly and they love to chat! We got to know a few of them and talked about their families, etc. One of the very nice things about this resort was that you received the same level of service regardless of the tip you left... if any at all!Make sure you go see this beautiful country before it becomes too commercialized and the prices go up.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and Spacious We stayed at Ocean Sand from Jan 1st to 15th.We went on a family vacation and we were 13 people. We all had a great time. Rooms were very spacious and clean. Grounds and pools were beautiful.The only complaint that we really had was the service on the 1st week. Very slow. Staff would never smile. 2nd Week was a turn around. The service was fantastic so was the staff. Animation group (especially Judy and Johan were wonderful).The food at the buffet was great (always something for everyone). The a la cartes were also very good but service was very slow. Overall the place was Perfect.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great resort, but bring the antacids me and my girlfriend stayed at the ocean blue last april. our first impression of the place was great. it is still a new resort and is very beautiful. the lobby area is very large and there are plenty of places to sit and drink at the lobby bar. we were greeted with a drink and they took us to our rooms via a golf cart, which is nice because this resort is very big!!!  they have nice rooms, they are all marble and fairly spacious. although i recommend getting a pool or ocean view, otherwise you are looking at another resort. the only problem i had with the rooms is that the shower only has half of a door and the way they put them in they leak if you let the water go to the end of the tub. they do have safes with an electronic lock which i think is a very nice feature. i never leave anything valuable unlocked. the pools are the best part of the hotel. there are two enormous pools at the resort and each has their own swim up bar. the swim up bars are also nice because one bar stays in the shade most of the day (which is nice if you get sunburnt easily and want to have a few drinks in the pool) and the other is in the sun most of the day. now to the food.... they do have 7 different restuarants and a buffet. however, the food is not exactly what i would call great. although from what i understand most all inclussive resorts do not have five star food. the buffet food is alright, breakfast food being the best, they do have a nice little omelet bar which i ate every day. the ala cart restaurants were very elegant, but the food to me was not very good. a lot of weird items and like i said, bring hte pepto bismal. the best restaurant to me was the american diner which is nice because you can get rib and french fries, or chicken wings. the coffee shop is the other place of salvation when it comes to food. they had very good coffee and also had some snack foods. the cheesecake and brownies were delicious and not just by resort standsards. the service was great. everyone was very friendly especially at all of the bars. the drinks were great and you could get anything they carry for free. we never ran into any drink that costs us extra money, and believe me tried everything. the overall scenery of this hotel is great. it is a beautiful place, i wish i had some pictures to put online, but we just took disposable cameras because we didn't want to lose our digital. i would definatley go back to this resort again. we went before it was completely finsihed and i understand there is a casino and a bowling alley now. we had a great time. if you have any question please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a good time The beach is clean and the water is clear. The staff is nice, pleasent, (very helpful) I found the service to be above average, and the food was very good. You never have to go very far to get a drink there must be at least a dozen bars on the property. This was the first time I visted this resort and I can not wait to Vacation there agan.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMAZING I loved my stay at ocean sands. I stayed there for a week and have to say i have no complaints. Beaches were beautiful, rooms were spacious and had jacuzzi, housekeeping was impeccable and staff was friendly. The main buffet always had something (and i am super picky!)I tried the italian (good) and mexican (ok)-I heard the Dominican restaurant is the best. Mikes Coffee house serves coffes a la Second Cup and the cheesecake is wonderful!They have good cappuccino at the lobby bar. The pools are huge and very beautiful and the beach is perfect for walks.I have to say that Omar and Max from Signature vacations really went out of there way to make my stay wonderful. They were so kind and available for any questions.You have to go but remember to book with Signature. The service is great!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>babybud
<Content>Amazing just remeber your on vaction       View from my room in Villa 10  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had a great time We stayed at the resort for the week of the 5th - 12th. (I'm a detailed person, this might be long) We went with a group of ppl and we all had a great time. Check in: We got onto the bus for the resort around 10:30pm and were checked in immediately while on the bus. So when we got to the hotel, our luggage was taken to our rooms as soon as we showed the staff what belonged to us.The pools are huge, clean and each have a swim up bar. The beach is gorgeous and never lacking for chairs. Rooms: The rooms were spacious; there were three of us in one room and we didn't feel crowded. The one thing that puzzled us was the shower door as it only extends halfway - so when you take a shower you will most likely end up with water all over the floor. However, the maid gave us extra towels and we placed one at the back of the shower whenever someone took a shower and never had any problems after that.We were on the third floor, but never had anything stolen, missing etc. The only things we locked up were our money, passports,  electronics.Restaurants: The buffet was always a hit, but you can't go there with just your swim suit  shorts on...you'll need some sort of top otherwise they'll kick you out...Italian: Fantastic food; some of us were still hungry after the meal and so we ordered a couple more entrees, the staff teased us about having big stomaches (i'm all of 100 lbs) but brought them out soon thereafter.Mexican: Considered this group's favorite restaurant...Carribean/Grill: not bad...Lobster Restaurant: again, really good...worth it.We didn't bother eating at the american place, but heard great reviews about the seafood dishes at the dominican restaurant.Mike's Cafe: great specialty coffees; yes, the cheesecake is awesome...Nightly entertainment: We've been to a number of resorts, and frankly, this was the worst in quality...it's not really bad, but certainly ranks at the bottom of the list for the quality/experience of the dance group. For those of you who have children, take them to see the lion king show if they can manage to stay up that late...as kids, they'll love it. Oh ya, if you're single and are approached by a staff member to participate in their nite show miss ocean you're being warned, you'll be wearing tight, short teeny tiny clothes...parade around stage to hey sexy lady, have to go into the audience and kiss a whole bunch of males...etc...Night club: the age range of our group was 30-37...we had a great time at the club every nite...and met ppl of all ages there....they have members of the animation group who're there to dance with you or teach you how to dance to the spanish/latin music if you don't know how...they play a mix of english/spanish/latin etc... The one concern we had was that one nite we arrived to find two girls dancing on the dance floor aged 4-5 (at 11pm at nite!) Their parents were there cheering them on...that was odd, and no one else wanted to dance on the dance floor as a result, but the dj soon asked the parents to take them out of the club...staff: We found the staff to be extremely friendly for the most part. While there was a language barrier, come on - we're in their country...we found that for the most part, they would go out of their way to understand what we were saying/wanting and attempt to help us out...Anything bad? Well, the one time we were extremely disappointed was on the day we were leaving. Our bus was leaving the resort at 6:40pm. All the restaurants opened up at 6:30pm for supper. Since our flight was leaving at 10:20pm we wanted to eat something quickly first b/c we have some medical health concerns. We asked to go into the main buffet at 6:25 to grab a couple of pizzas to go and were strictly refused. At 6:30 there were ppl taking from from the main buffet selection, but the staff at the pizza counter immediately next to it wld not let us (including others by this time) have any pizza b/c his watch said 6:29. Once we got our food then they wouldn't let us leave the buffet area with it (just the food, not the plates/cutlery etc), b/c they have some policy that you have to eat in the restaurant. We found the situation to be a little bit ridiculous. Also, a couple of us are golfers and were expecting to be able to golf...yes you can golf at the resort, but they only have 9 holes completed...if you've never played golf in punta cana, go play at the punta cana resort golf course...it's $150, but absolutely worth it. Oh ya, the casino has a nightly draw for $5000.00, it's a real sham...don't bother getting a tkt and waiting around for it...we had a winning and got $5.00All in all, we had a fabulous time...  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but would never go back The place is definitely nice. Great beach and nice pool area. Food was ok, but not going to win any awards. Service is slow or non existant, and the staff don't really smile, but that's just how they are. Language barrier was huge. If you go to one of the a la carte restaurants and they look right through you, don't be surprised. They'll get to you...when they're ready. They really don't cater to the North American way of life. The people are nice and are friendly, it's just no one's in any rush for anything.We ourselves didn't have any problems, but we met people on the resort that had water leaking into their rooms, locks on doors not working. Some couples even had money stolen from the safe IN THEIR ROOMS. Not lots, just a little money. If you go, leave the t.v. on in your room... just to be safe. and don't make reservations for the restaurants. Just go and wait. This way, the staff doesn't know when you're not in the room. If you're staying on the first floor, don't leave anything on the balcony, shoes even got stolen there.Overall, we had a great time!! We relaxed and had fun! I don't think that it's 5 star worthy, more like 3 1/2. I don't recommend it, but if you've booked it, you'll still have a good time, just be cautious.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tessyohshay
<Content>Punta Cana or Cancun? Just returned last night from Ocean Sand Resort, we had a wonderful 7 day vacation. We were booked to go on our 4th vacation to the Gala in Playacar Mexico but changed our plans because of the hurricane and were we glad we did! The Gala is a very nice resort but it does not compare to this resort. The restraunt choices in this resort are wonderful. My husband and son loved the sports bar and the Mexican restraunt were awesome. The beach is the best part of this resort, it is huge and never seemed crowded. The two pool are just beautiful and the pool bars were open the entire time we were there and they were used! The language barrier was more noticable then in Mexico but we didn't find it a problem. The service is not as good as what we found at the Gala but that didn't bother us, we are capable of getting up and getting what we need. I spoke with a worker and she said they work 17 hour days for 12 days in a row then a 3 day break, yet they were always happy and singing, it was incredible! If you have any questions, please email me!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprise, Surprise An all-around fantastic all-inclusive!!! Spent the Christmas weekend with family (kids 11, 10, and 9)and an exhaustingly fun yet relaxing time.Highlights:Activities galore, especially for kids.Great variety of restaurants. Two ever-changing and decent buffet places, and reservation-required a-la-carte restaurants.Specious layout, never feeling claustrophobic.Challenging nine-hole golf course 2 minutes away (can paly twice from different tees)Lowlights:Not really a lowlight, but, staff although always helpful and attentive, at times, does not REALLY understand you. Knowledge of Spanish or French will be helpfulOVERALL, a great place for all-comers!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful resort. Do NOT believe everything you read! My best friend and I stayed at Ocean Blue Dec 11th-18th. It was our fourth trip to DR and we both thought this resort was one of the best. The grounds were absolutely gorgeous. The pools were beautiful. { who cares if one of pools doesn't have it's swim-up bar open, it's not like it's that hard to go to the pool with the open swim-up bar. } The beach was lovely. { I didn't feel there was any seaweed problem! } Our room ALWAYS had hot water. The bathroom was spacious and the jacuzzi tub was delightful. Yes, the furniture seemed a bit dated but the bed was comfy and if you wanted to sit on the couch, you should have stayed home anyway. Our maid took great care of us. Twice we tipped her $5 and we always had a stocked mini bar and clean towels. Not to mention that on the two occasions we walked in on her, she was not only making the beds, but giving us FRESH sheets. I'm not sure what buffets the complainers frequent when they're at home but our local buffet restaurants offer the SAME stuff all the time too. There are 6 restaurants. Try um' all. We ate at all of them and had no complaints. Yeah some of the food is different tasting but, HELLO... you're in another country! I'm most annoyed by people who complained about the langauge barrier. This is a 3rd world country and none of them should have expected that the workers would know THEIR langauge. Not only that but there are people from all over vacationing there, speaking several different langauges, should they too have expected that the workers knew THEIR langauge as well? It's ridiculous. With a few hand gestures and some broken Spanish, it's easy to get your request across and EVERYBODY working there is more than happy to serve you. If your thinking of going to the Dominican, don't hesitate to book your stay at Ocean Blue. Unless you're expecting to be treated like some kind high paid celebrity {which the complainers obviously THOUGHT they were} you will be pleasantly pleased with your decision.Our one little complaint was that we'd stayed at other resorts where the nightly shows were more entertaining. Not that they didn't dance their butts off, because they did but, we'd been to other's where there was more audience participation. Mostly making fools of themselves but funny all the same.P.S. Diana, if you're reading this, Ericka and I hope you, Alex, and Julia made it safely to Chicago.Tammy :-)  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>artur3575
<Content>Dont like to complain but.... We stayed at Ocean Sand from 11 dec to 18thFirst i want to say that i never complain but this time i will give you some info first the GOOD: Great resort, its not so big as people complain, there are train cars going around if you dont like to walk, 2 big swimming pools with pool bars, the beach is just great, good resaurants there is alot to pick from, bowling is cool to if you feel like doing something else, sports bar is great open till 6am and also Mikes coffe place this place i super great coffe and cakes.well and the BAD stuff now:My sister-in law got some of her money stolen from the wallet in the room(her fault did not use safe box), my mother-in low got her t-shirt stolen from the room hmmmmmGoing to the hotel we were told about international beer we even called the hotel before booking to make sure we were told that they do have it, but on arrival they only had local el presidente beer--i like it but why advertise and lieIF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS EMAIL ME AT ARTUR3575@GMAIL.COM  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>YYZflytoomuch
<Content>Excellent Stayed here during late November of 2005. I won't repeat what everyone else has written, but will comment on just a few things.(1) The food is good, but won't win any awards. The portions in the restaurants are smaller than what you will see in most American restaurants (hence why the locals are not all 300lbs). If you eat an appetizer, main course and desert there won't be room for anything else(2) watch out for the annoying salespeople wandering around the resort trying to sell you day excursions. They Royal name is owned by the resort and these people will hound you. When they ask Can I wait for you after breakfast? Tell them straight out NO. I had to be rude to get them to go away. Also, watch out for 1 particular guy named Voyard W He is a Haitan who is not shy to give you his life's sad story and come right out and ask for money! Apparently he needs around $30k to emmigrate to Canada. Good luck pal.(3) Don't worry about the bug spraying nightly. With an outbreak of Malaria in 2004, they are doing you a favour! It is an all natural spray that smells bad, but won't harm you. This is normal in the Dominican to do this. Read the health Canada website to determine if you want to take anti-Malarial medication. Don't let this scare you, just be aware. I would recommend this resort to others. Don't listen to all the complaints. These people would complain about anything/anywhere/anytime. Remember, that is why most people come to this website.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tcmarquis
<Content>Average at Best I stayed at the Ocean Blue Nov. 21-28th for my honeymoon and can tell you right now we will never be back again. I would like to tell you the good things about the resort. It is BEAUTIFUL!! The beach, pool, resort area is kept so clean and manicured I felt like I was in a postcard picture. The lobby and bar area were very nice and generous with the drinks. The service at the swim up pool was the same. There were no mosquitos or bugs anywhere. The spa is wonderful, very gorgeous and professional.The overall service was horrible and I was wearing a blue wrist band. We were supposed to have a fully stocked mini-bar in our room...we did...but you can't drink the beer when no one will give you a bottle opener. It took 4 days to get a bottle opener brought to our room. The language barrier is HUGE. For example, one night we ordered room service. We asked for 2 hamburgers and a pizza. We got one hamburger and a ham and cheese sandwich. If you don't speak spanish you can forget it. The food was bland, weird and unappetizing. The same thing was served at both buffets day after day. The restaurants were average at best. We were supposed to have a personal concierge, never saw him or met him. Our representative from Coco Tours disappeared on Tuesday and we never saw him again either.We did have hot water and no plumbing problems, but there was water damage on our walls in our room. I wouldn't expect this out of a resort that is less than a year old.We had to argue to get the ammenities we were entitled to in our honeymoon package. (i.e cigars)Overall, we enjoyed the beauty of the resort, the time we had to spend with each other but we can not in good faith recommend this resort to anyone else. It is not worth the money spent.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ingrid P
<Content>Rooms Misrepresented Just came back from a week at the Ocean Sands. The rooms are not repeat not Junior Suites as advertised, just a room with an uncomfortable sofa For a new hotel the furnishings look 20 years old. Great pool area and good location. Food ok.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LG9
<Content>Great time at Ocean Blue My boyfriend and I just returned from a week at Ocean Blue Dec 1-8. We had a grea time and thought we'd share a few thoughts, after reading some terrible reviews. Firstly, we all know some things do go wrong on trips - so to give this hotel an unfair low rating is just wrong. If you go to it expecting a 5 star, you will be disappointed, but for those who had reasonable expectations, they were met and exceeded at times. The check-in was smooth - and we had no difficulty with staff who didn't speak english. The rooms were beautiful and spacious (espcially the bathroom). The maids always kept the room very clean and provided fresh towels each day. The rooms do get damp, but remember we are in the tropics- keep your fan on and it will be fine.At around 6:30 each night, a truck drives around the property and sprays bug spray - which I didn't care for walking through on my way to dinner. I'd try to avoid it, as who knows what they are spraying.The resort was not full so we were able to eat in the restaurants each night. We loved the Italian and the Carribean (Casa something) - great service and food. The mexican was just alright - beware vegetarians - there's ground beef in the refried beans, i learned the hard way. The buffet grew tiresome - same old pizza, pasta, fries and mystery meat. We took down our own hot sauce, as we like spicy food and had heard it was a bit bland, which it was. They did however, have great fresh fruit drinks and smoothies.The beach was the highlight - very beautiful. The waves were great (it's always windy off the coast). We had no complaints about the beach or bar service. We had taken Dominican pesos down from our bank - but didn't need to, US dollars will suffice (and everything's priced in US). We were able to barter at the shops on the beach and also got a great deal on a horseback riding trip along the beach (it's a 40 minutes bus trip, they pick you up) - for 2 hours, it was $60 for both of us - they tried for $100, but there are 2 tour promoters, one on each end of the shops and you can go back and forth to get a lower price each time.The time share folks will try to get you to go to a sit-down ssession, but will leave you alone if you tell them you've already been.Punta Cana is amazing and beautiful (inside the compunds of your resort) - the streets are a little sketchy. I would recommend this resort to anyone who is up for a relaxing, good time in a beautiful  clean environment. We saw many families there with small children and they all appeared to be having a great time. It also helps if you have great company and weather!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>James_Harrold
<Content>Nicest resort in all of Punta Cana by far!       Pool#2  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>islandblues
<Content>Realy Nice My sister and I stayed at ocean blue for a week in Oct. we had a wonderfull time. The resort was only 30% full at the time so we had the run of the property empty pools empty chairs everywhere never had to go out at 7:00am to put your towel on a chair to save one that's for sure. Staff all friendly, the best part was being able to eat in a Spectiality resturant every night, and the food was very good. This was our 3rd time to the Domenican Rep. and this resort was another great one. Maybe the Duke isn't there anymore managing the place I can't imagine what happend to the place in a month and a half. Also people you have to remenber you are in a 3rd world counrty, and you have a beautiful beach a nice room to sleep and all the free alchol and food the diso was fun the staff was there every-night to get the party started what more do you want? Also the reviews who people are complaining about the language COME ON people you are in their country didn't you know before you went there the language is spanish (hello), maybe you want to take some spanish lessons or stay home. and trust me i don't know one word well maybe cervasa.!! All americans do is complain try living on any of these islands for a month and then see how much you appreciate...between the D R. cancun and jamicia this was our 8th trip. and can not wait to go to the d.r. again........ great people, beach, food entertainmnet staff, drinks, pools...lots of fun see you soon :)  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Beechluver
<Content>Ocean Blue - Good and Bad My husband and I stayed in the Ocean Blue Golf and Beach Resort from Nov. 21 to 28th, 2005. First off - I have two words for anyone going to the Ocean Blue resort - Learn Spanish!!!! The people there who work in the resort do not speak English and also seem to cater more to Spanish speaking guests.The good - The resort itself was gorgeous and the cleanest place I have ever stayed at - anywhere! People went around all day long picking up cups and cigarette butts and keeping the grounds perfectly manicured. The flowers and floral were also beautiful. The week we were there they had the resort decorated for Christmas with lights on all the trees and a large gorgeous Christmas tree in the lobby by the bar. It was almost breath-taking at night when all the lights were lit. I never saw a single bug, even a mosquito, the whole week we were there. Most people there (except the people in the lobby - I'll explain later!) were very friendly and always said Ola! when they saw you. The beach was awesome and there were always enough shaded palapas to go around.The Bad - Loud!!! Every day starting at 10:00 Am and continuing until 6PM they had three huge amplifiers sitting around the pool(our room was in building 6 facing the pool)which consistently blasted the same techno-music ALL DAY LONG!!!! Oh my God! By the second day my husband and I went down to the beach to try to get as far away from the pool as possible. By the fifth day I thought I would loose my mind. They turned the music and amps up so loud it literally hurt your ears if you sat by the pool. It was way louder than any spring break hotel I've ever been in. It's a shame because the pool was gorgeous but they made it totally uncomfortable to sit anywhere near the pool. People are there on vacation and just want to relax! Not have their ears blown out with loud, thumping techno music all day every day.Food - average at best. What everyone else says is true - same stuff everyday, nothing ever changes. Not American type food at all - lots of really wierd stuff. They also run out a lot at the buffets. The only ala carte restaurant that we liked was the Italian one and only because you could get a small steak or six fried shrimp there. The Mexican was aweful, the American one was just ok - if you're really desperate for American food.Room - We did have hot water the whole time but the room was always damp and always smelled of disenfectant and dampness. Our clothes smelled also and nothing ever dried that was hanging inside or out.Even the bed pillows felt damp at night. There was literally condensation (water)running down the walls and the floor was always wet and slippery. It was like being in a damp cave.Service - Here's where I was the most disappointed after hearing so much about Wellington and how accomodating everyone is there. This resort definitely caters to the whales as they say in Vegas. If you are not staying in the Deluxe, Golf or Honeymoon suites (another $100 to $120 a day!) you are pretty much ignored by everyone at the desk, restaurants, and Concierge (all I got from Wellington when I requested him personally because I was trying to get a problem with my room resolved was a curt This is what it says on your reservation - this is what you get. Period.) Other than that he totally ignored me even when I said hi to him. But I saw him really kissing up to another couple who had gold colored wrist bands on. When you check in they give you a different colored wrist ban and, believe me, if you request something you immediately see their eyes go to your wrist to see what color your band is. If it's purple (regular rooms) forget about it! I asked for soda water in my room for seven days straight (I can't drink soda pop) and all they did was say ok, but it never came. I also had to run after the maid one day to get clean towels and a washcloth after she had cleaned our room. You are treated like a second class citizen unless you have a blue or gold wrist band on. I would definitely go to the Dominican Republic again but I would probably not stay in this resort. I don't think it qualifies as a five star resort because of the food, problems with the hot water and rooms being damp, the excessively loud music at the pool and the attitude of the staff towards you if you're not a VIP guest.PSI did take a great half day four wheeler tour to the local school via Pablo Fana and his CrazyGator tour outfit. I highly recommend Pablo's tours. They are cheaper than if you sign up for a tour at the hotel. Pablo also goes out of his way to help the local schools who are very poor and in much need of school supplies and basic necessities for the kids. If you go - please bring something for the kids and tell Pablo Donna said hi.He can be reached at ------.Happy Traveling!The BeechLuver  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tclaryuk
<Content>Apple Rating is far too high! My wife and I have just returned from a week at Ocean Blue over the Thanksgiving week and boy were we disappointed. This is the 6th all-inclusive resort we have stayed at (others are Serenis  Natura Park in DomRep and Grand Palladium, Bahia Principe Akumal  Adventura Spa Palace in Mexico) and this was by far the least impressive.First the good parts. The actual resort is beautiful and well laid out. The different styles of the restaurants and room buildings was quaint. The 2 huge pools are great. Only one swim up bar was open due to low occupancy of the resort but it was never a long wait to get a drink. It is not a long walk from any part of the resort (despite prior reviews saying so). From the beach to the lobby is about a 5-10 minute walk and there are shuttle buses for those too tired to walk it. The rooms are a good size, cleaned daily with new towels and the fridge is regularly stocked (with water and soda but NO alcohol).Now the bad parts. We were in room building 4 and had no hot water the whole week. It started luke warm but by day 3 it was cold. Also our floor gradually got wetter and wetter for no apparent reason and we could not get it to dry. So on day 4 we went to Guest Services to get things fixed. When we mentioned the wet floor we were told it was our fault for opening the balcony door. We got a dry floor on day 5 by having the AC on the lowest temperature and the ceiling fan on high. Anything less then this meant the floor got wet again for our last 2 days. Luckily no one slipped on it. As for the hot water, on day 4 we were told that there had been a broken pipe which was now fixed. Day 5 saw more cold water so again we mentioned it. We eventually got 2 maintenance guys come by who said it was fixed but we had to let the water run as there was cold water in the pipes still. They left and the hot water never came. We did eventually get hot water at 6.30am on the day we left!The buffet restaurants were quite poor. Often they ran out of stuff, food was bland and the same every day. There was no snack bar during the day that served food to order which most resorts do have. The A La Carte restaurants were a little better. As the resort was quiet there were no reservations so we ate at every restaurant. The Dominican was disappointing, the Italian was buffet-quality food served a la carte style, the Mexican was good (as long as you don't compare to Baha Fresh, etc. as it is different but good), the American was also better. We also ate at the beach seafood restaurant which was $35 per person for a 4-course lobster dinner. This was pretty good.As for service, the only places out of all the bars and restaurants where they seem to give happy service is in the Mexican and American. All the others found it hard to smile.WEDDINGS - beware! We saw one wedding and was shocked at what we saw. They put up a wedding gazebo right in the middle of the beach and as the wedding was in the afternoon it attracted hoards of speedo-clad spectators. It is amazing how close these people get showing no respect to someones wedding day. We got married at the Bahia Principe Akumal last year and it was a thousand times more private than this. We would highly recommend Bahia Principe Akumal for weddings.I am surprised that this resort currently has a 5 Apple rating. This is accurate for its cosmetic appearance but once you scratch below the surface and realize that the basics are lacking (hot water and food) then I would only give it a 3 Apple rating.This is the first time we have said we would not return to a resort. They really need to sort out peoples basic needs.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Resort is beautiful We returned from our 1 week vacation at the Ocean Blue Resort on Nov 25th. Overall, my spouse and two girls (age 3 and 5) had a great time and I would recommend that you consider this resort for your next holiday.Highlights:1. The beach and the hotel property are beautiful.2. The hotel staff at the kids club were wonderful and went out of their way to entertain my children. Both of my girls enjoyed the daily 8pm children's show and were treated like queens during their daily visits at the club while we went for our morning walk along the beach.3. I enjoyed Mike's coffee lodge for cheesecake and their assortment of coffee drinks and bakery goods.4. We enjoyed the Italian and the Dominician restaurant the best.5. The two large pools and kids pool were very clean.6. Preminium drinks served at the various bars and the bartenders were generous with the drinks. Areas for improvement:1. Overall service could be improved with the hotel lobby staff. 2. The restaurant staff were very friendly but sometimes didn't fully understand what was being asked.3. Toilet paper seemed to be in limited supply and lighting was also poor at the beach restaurant.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mcap72
<Content>Read this, the one review thats a tell all. i will try to explain all I can about this resort so you can make an informed decision. First of all this resort was rated 5 stars at Signature vacations. I would rate this a 3.5 star, maybe 4.If you are planning on getting married here, DONT! my brother did and let me tell you the whole event was botched. The Judge showed up an hour and a half late there is no real wedding location on the property so they did it between 2 villas with barbed wire in the backround (which makes for great pictures). god bless my sister in law for taking it all in stride. The day before my brother wedding, the was a lady who was crying because her wedding was ruined. The weddings are free at Ocean Sand and like they say, you get what you pay for.The hotel itself is clean, it should be for only being 1 year old. but you can see the cracks starting to show, one girl in our group had a cockroach crawl into her bathroom through a crack in the tile.the rooms are nice and big and the bathrooms are also spacious with marble from floor to ceiling.The food is OK, if you like the same thing day after day at the buffet. Fortunately, ther are like 6 more restaurants for some variety.The service....awful. we ate at the buffet on our last night there and the plates were piled 6 high before someone came to remove them. Another fault of this hotel is the lack of english speaking staff. If you dont speak anything but english, you will have a hard time communicating with the staff here.The beach....beautiful. the best part of this place is the white sand beach, the only problem is its so far away from everything. If you don't like walking, dont go to this resort, it must span like 4 city blocks. If you do decide to go here stay in villa 9 or 10 it's close to the pool and close to the beach.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bmoreqt
<Content>Ocean Blue made me Blue for my anniversarry Just returned from Ocean Sands/Blue Beach and Golf Resort and I'm not sure where to begin. My husband and I wanted to get away for our 3rd anniversary and had been to the DR in the past...so we figured let's go back. The first time we went we actually did an Apple 5 Square deal (which I was afraid to do because you don't know what hotel you are going to until you arrive at the airport) however, we stayed at Sunscape Casa del Mar ABSOLUTLY FABULOUS!!!! So we booked this trip and figured after reading the reviews and talking with our travel agent of 3 years Ocean Blue would be just as nice (maybe nicer). Boy, were we in for a surprise. Good things first:1. Lobby area beautiful (Wellington is fabulous)2. Beach beautiful3. Mini Market (gift shop Ezechial was the nicest sweetest man very helpful) 4. Metomorphisis Spa was great5. The tram car...to shuffle you around the resort GREAT!!!6. Luis the Apple Rep (thank god for a familiar face..he was previously assigned to Sunscape Casadel Mar)7. Kon Tiki Excursion was GREAT.8. Staff in Route 66 was Really GOOD!!!!Now for the Bad things (and don't get me wrong...we are use to making the best of a bad situation and entertaining ourselves but come on!!!!)1. You get a booklet when you check in telling you the times that everything opens and closes. However the booklet says that the Bowling alley opens from 10 am - 12 am (B.S) the Bowling alley opens after 3pm you get the 1 free game per room per stay and $15 US dollars after that. Please take your own socks because they charge you $2 US for a pair if you don't have any. La Cana Resteraunt has no concept of time either (they open when every they feel like it)2. Cable Sattelite TV whatever it was got cut off during our stay (you see the message saying that a payment is due and shortly thereafter...you loose channels...I know we are on vacation not suppose to be watching t.v. Right, however thats what we relied on to tell time since there were no clocks.3. Bar/Fridge not stocked daily. We were told that there would be Rum, Beer, water and soda. The filled it with water and you had to constantly call for soda (forget the alcoholic beverages)4. This one should have been number 1.... They have Royal Holiday Reps chasing you down constantly trying to sell you Time Shares. If you got to the El Carey/La Tortuga Resteraunts be prepared that's where the office is (excuse me I am on vacation to get away from telemaketers OK??? and they will follow you wherever you go and won't take NO for an answer even in Spanish LOL)5. 24 hour room service was suppose to be included ...NOT ...for select rooms ONLY $50 per person per night to upgrade) Booklet says its included HMMMM (false advertisement)6. Activity people SUCKED. I got so tired of the damn Six Flags song and dance I wanted to scream)7. Lost power 4 times at least ( I lost count...voltage is the same as the US)8. Resteraunts - Be prepared to wait and wait and wait some more....The people in the resteraunts are very nice however and it is obvious that it is POOR MANAGEMENT ( Please for go the Mexican resteraunt the food is HORRIBLE)9. Towels and wash cloths daily? (even if you leave good tips you don't get them trust me)10. Wall climbing was available when the conference was in town for the weekend ONLY.Please learn the currency exchange before you go..it usually runs between 37 and 27 daily. 37 Dominican Pescos is worth $1 US....barder barder barder whatever they say you offer AT LEAST HALF that way you don't get taken!!!! Please brush up on your high school spanish if you want to converse!!!!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tdottraveller
<Content>Best Resort Ever! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Ocean Sand in May - and LOVED every minute of it!This is the perfect resort! We travel about 3 times a year, and have been to several places: Cuba, Mexico, Jamaica, Brazil, Bahamas  Barbados. Staying at resorts such as: Sandals, RIU, Breezes, Iberostar  Couples. The Ocean Sand beats them all!Grounds:Big  Beautiful. Marvellous open-air lobby, marble everything! Large pools, many, many restaurants, Cafe (with pastries  assorted coffees), bowling alley, gym, trampoline, beach bar, etc . . .Pools:Awesome! Two HUGE pools, both with swim-up bars! Large deck, tons of chairs. Perfect!Beach:BREATHTAKING! Sugar white sand, aqua blue water. The beach is HUGE! You can walk for miles. It is also lit up along the entire coast at night!Food:Perfect! 8 Restaurants! 24 hour sports bar  grill (sandwiches, burgers, fries, grilled cheese, hot dogs), cafe, buffet, 6 a la cartes, beach restaurant (lunch).I would highly recommend thius resort to EVERYONE! Can't wait to go back. It is absolute paradise!Questions, email me: travelprincessto@hotmail.com  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Zap3852
<Content>Good Time at The Ocean Blue! Flew out of Baltimore on USA 3000 on Monday (6 AM) for a vacation at the Ocean Blue until the 31st. Flight and trip from airport was expedious and fun. Arrived at O/B lobby and was told to wait at the lobby bar for Wellington. I had e-mailed a week earlier and asked for an upgrade. When Duke came and got us we had received our upgrade to Villa 6. The room was very nice, 4 poster-canopy bed, separate jacuzzi and shower stall and 2 sinks. Ice-cold A/C.We were on the 3rd floor and pool/ocean view. The shower was not hot but water out of the jacuzzi was. Don't figure! So I used the jacuzzi and it's hand shower. Pools were beautiful but only the one swim-up bar was open. Wilfredo and Benvienito are the best bartenders. The beach and little shade huts were nice. The seaweed could of been cleaned up better. No good snorkeling. The water is a little too rough and boats go by all the time. Spent most of the time sunning on the beach or back at the pool. Being off-season you could go everynight to a specialty restaurant w/o dress pants. That was nice. Liked the Italian and Mexican. Mike's Coffee shop was great, don't miss it. Didn't do much in the evenings. Too wore out. Didn't do the casino or shows. Overall the resort was very nice and the people were very pleasant. I had received a good rate from Apple and can't complain about anything. I would visit again but I do like seeing other resorts but like always you take a chance with other places. The chance to go to O/B was not regrettable.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kgoldfien
<Content>Honeymoon Horror Hotel My husband and I stayed at this resort from November 1 to November 10 for our honeymoon. So many things went wrong that it was practically a comedy. The resort blames the travel company for our problems, the travel company blames their representatives and the representatives blame the resort. I can鈥檛 sort it all out, so I鈥檒l write it for you to make your decision. I read all of the reviews before I came and thought that the complaints people had seemed silly. I apologize to those people. It isn鈥檛 so much one or two individual complaints that make this resort not on par with others; it鈥檚 all of the complaints together that make this a poor resort. Our arrival was uneventful. We met someone from the Apple Vacation company at the airport and they escorted us to a van. The trip to the resort was about a half hour and it was interesting to see the Dominican Republic. Once we got to the hotel, we went straight to guest check-in. We had booked a Golf Junior Suite, so we were expecting VIP check-in and the Signature Drink that everyone mentions. We received neither. Our room wasn鈥檛 quite ready, so we were advised to have a seat at the bar and that the bell-boy would get us when it was ready. An hour passed with no notification. Since we were a bit tired from traveling, I went back into the lobby to see if the room was ready. Apparently, it had been ready for 45 minutes and the bellboy forgot to tell us. No problem, we just took off for the room with a rather sullen bellboy. We got to our room in Villa 5. As soon as we opened the door, we knew that it was not the Golf Junior Suite that we had booked. We asked the bellboy to take us back to the lobby so we could sort it out. He refused and took off. So, we called the lobby from the room. They assured us that we had not booked a Golf Junior Suite. At this point, our dreams of a relaxing first day on our honeymoon were pretty much gone. We trudged back to the lobby, on the way finding our Apple Representative, Nicole. Nicole called the head office of the company, where it was confirmed that we did book the Golf Suite. However, the Golf Suite would not be ready for another hour or so. Since the process at this point had been about 4 hours since our arrival at the resort, I became agitated. We were re-assigned to a Junior Deluxe Suite and finally able to settle into our honeymoon. Now that was just day 1. In the subsequent days, the resort managed not to deliver MOST of the items that are included with the Golf Suite. Although we were upgraded to the Junior Deluxe, we only requested to receive what we had originally booked. It took four days to get a mini-bar in our room. It took three days to receive the robe, slippers and beach towels. We only received the fruit tray 3 out of the 10 days. We never received the Welcome Fruit Basket, nor did we receive the Bottle of Champagne that we were supposed to get for being on our honeymoon. We never received welcome drinks, and there certainly was no VIP checkout. More importantly than not receiving the items that were supposedly included, are the issues that surrounded the excursions that we booked. We booked the Marinarium Snorkeling Tour and the La Romana Tour. The first tour, La Romana, left at 7 am, so we were up at 6am to be ready. The bus never came. Can you even imagine how frustrating that is on vacation? Then, we had to literally CHASE the vacation representative to get our $140 back. Getting the money back took another two days. We confirmed the Marinarium Tour the day before we were supposed to leave, but once again, we got up and dressed early and the bus never came. Two more days to get that money back. I guess all of these events could be chalked up as one-time-freak-occurrences, but similar problems arose all over the resorts that other people were complaining about also. In regards to other amenities, the resort is simply beautiful. It absolutely looks like a Five Star resort, but the service does not comply. The food is mediocre at best, awful at worst. The a la carte dinners are certainly more tolerable than the buffet foods, we particularly enjoyed the Italian and Dominican. The Mexican was also good. The American was not bad, necessarily, just weird. Breakfast is better than lunch. Lunch is terrible. The room service is ridiculous; you have a 1 in 3 chance of getting what you actually ordered and you have to order in Spanish (the room service menu is written in a few languages, so it鈥檚 easy to order in Spanish). I liked the lobster dinner on the beach, my husband did not. I would not pay extra for it, but it was a nice extra that we did actually receive. Other nice extras that came with our room were horseback riding and the massages. We were able to get the vouchers for these activities without to much event, so they were even nicer. The horseback riding was a lot of fun; they take you off of the resort to a ranch. No one speaks English, be warned. The massages at the spa were great too. The spa is gorgeous. Other reviews mention that very few people speak English. This is true. If you do not have at least a basic knowledge of high school Spanish, DO NOT come here. The maids, the people at the spa, room service and waitstaff do NOT speak English. Guest services and the bartenders speak English fairly well, when they want to. The shows are ridiculous. They are bad to the point of being comical.Although the beauty of the resort is a selling point, there are many beautiful places in the world that offer decent service as well. I am saddened that I spent my honeymoon at a resort where we were treated more as an inconvenience than as a customer. Of course, my honeymoon was still awesome, more because my husband has a fantastic sense of humor than due to ANYTHING at this lousy resort. Consider the points before you book. Half of the people on these boards would not go back to Ocean Blue鈥?there is a reason for that!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Out Of This World!!       Pool Again  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travelgal_NJ
<Content>I was pleasantly surprised! I and several other travel agents went down for a fam trip to Punta Cana to see some of the new resorts and revisit some old ones to check on quality. When we finished seeing many, we checked into the Ocean Blue/Ocean Sands resort. When we arrived, we were ushered into the ice cold reception desk where we were checked in. Our concierge Duke Wellington was absolutely fabulous. He arranged for our luggage to be brought down and escorted us to the carts and drove us down to Villa 10 (Ocean Sand side) where we were shown to our room (#205). This is a corner room with 2 balconies facing the pool and beach. ALWAYS ask for an upgrade in off season. They will accomodate you if there is availability without charging you additional monies. P1. Rooms were large with 2 QUEEN beds, not doubles as with most resorts. Beds were comfortable and firm, good nights sleep was guaranteed! Lots of space, big bathroom with double sink, double wide jacuzzi, shower stall, and lots of room inside! P2. Beach was perfect. Clean, powdery soft, lots and lots of chairs under these great shade areas where you can get sun, but are also protected so you don't burn your skin off the first day or 2 until you get your base color. P3. Pools were large, both with swim up bars and plenty of room to swim. Service was good when someone was available. The biggest problem for this resort is not enough help yet. Lots of chairs around pools, some with umbrellas. P4. Restaurants were plentiful, didn't need to make reservations since it was low season and resort was only half full. Mexican was ok, could have been better, Italian was good, Seafood was awesome (Langostino was to die for!) Route 66 standard burgers and fries, didn't get a chance to do the other specialties. Buffet was large, clean, and offered a lot of choices. Breakfast was great, lunch was tasty, dinner was plentiful. There are smoking and non-smoking sections in the restaurants, rare for the caribbean.P5. Entertainment was amateurish, but better than the kids show at school! Bowling alley was fun, but be careful, first game is free with the coupon they give you, each game after that is $15!!! Not much to do when it rains, but absolutely beautiful when the sun shines. PThere is a market just up the beach with all kinds of souveniers, art, ciggs and cigars, and all the assorted junk you love to buy to bring home. You have to haggle or they will not respect you, it is expected. PAll in all, I would go back here for a vacation with my family. On a scale of 1-6+ (like Apple Vacations rating system), it is definitely a 5.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vacagirl42
<Content>Mixed feelings Jst returned from Ocean Blue after 5 night stay-not totally impressed. The Lobby is beautiful and very different from other Punta Cana hotels-chic- I also liked the Lobby bar (the hub of activity) All the resturants are in a row village square style and the concept grew on me We ate at the Italian (excellent) the Dominican and the Steak House so can't comment on the others. The wine list and the service at the steak house was above average (at minimal extra cost) We did not try the Mexican or American food places. The one night we wanted to try the buffet it was closed so can't comment on it although we ate breakfast there daily and to me breakfast is breakfast, the selection is large and the decor is beautiful and the coffee is good. We had an excellent seafood dinner at the beach the night the buffet was closed (at extra cost) We have friends who live and work on the island so we went one night off the resort to a restraunt on the beach which was excellant and very happening it was called the Hurricaine cafe and they have a party on the beach late most nights. We also went to the White Sands Golf Course Club House for drinks-also very happneing. I travelled with my sister and we don't have a problem leaving the resorts, I've never felt unsafe.Now for the room-NOT IMPRESSED! If you get into Villa 6 in Ocean Blue or 10 in Ocean Sands then the rooms look like the web site-beautiful! But the rest of the place is not up to the same standards. As you can tell from the plastic furniture on the balconies. The lighting is so poor in the room and bathroom-our room had only 1 bedside lamp to light the hole room, the ceiling fan only one high speed and the AC worked but too well the thermostate didn't regulate anything so it was always 19 degrees (freezing) It smelled very mouldy-and I'm sure that there is mould because it's so damp-a bad problem that needs to be fixed for a new hotel Everything always felt wet bathing suits never dried-and therefore smelled. The Beautiful wooden doors are so swollen that you have to slam them both open and shut and at 3AM it's very annoying. The lighting is the biggest problem that needs to be addressed you can't see to put on makeup-and if your expected to dress for dinner it's not acceptable.I've been to Punta Cana 4 times and I don't think I'd go back here unless it was cheap-that's why I'm giving it a neutral rating. It's not a 5 star resort. Oh also NO BEER IN THE FRIDGE! Please!Vacagirl42  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>loveallinclusives!
<Content>"Ocean Blue" is "Bluetiful!"       "Relaxing on the beach!"  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ecastillo
<Content>Great vacation       "The palapas are unique!"  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jodyrph
<Content>Nice Resort for the price       Jacuzzi Tub in honeymoon suite  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation My wife and I just came back from the resort. We were there for our 20th from Sept 4-12. We booked the trip awhile back and read reviews up until we left. I don't know what some of those peoples problems where. we had a wonderful time. There was no problem with the language. If you don't know spanish do not worry, almost all the workers at the resort know English. Almost all the tour guides speak English, Spanish, and French. The resort was amazing. Exremeley clean and tidy. they have workers cleaning the grounds all day. We where lucky because the resort was only half full, so we had more than enough hot water. Yes the showers run on the floor like some of the reviews say, but the resort must have planned this because there is a drain specifically for that. The rooms are very clean and the maids do a wonderful job. They don't know very much English but you can get your point across. we wanted diet Pepsi in the room (they fill you fridge each day with soda and water) and that was fun to communicate. Diet soda is hard to find. The staff are very friendly and happy every day. The beach and water are perfect and the pools are cleaned every day. If you want to go on an excursion go to Marandium and swim with the sharks and stingrays, GREAT FUN. The food is ok. Its not fancy but you won't go hungry. People complain about the resturants portions, but what you must do is get an appatizer, main couse and desert and you won't have a problem. If you want a place just to relax this is it. All I can say is if you wan't someone to wait on you hand and foot I can't tell you if this is the place, but if you want to relax and soak up the sun, theres no better place in Punta Cana. We talked with several people at other resorts and this one is by far the best. Watch out for the people at the buffet who want to show you a tour of the resort. they are trying to get you to buy a vacation packages at around $35,000.00. Also everybody thinks you have lots of money if you speak English. On the beach are vendors the will start real high, don't be afraid to tell them you'll only pay about half what they started out at. A local told us that , and when we went to buy I offered half and they will take it. The water is prified so yes it is ok to drink the water they serve at the buffet etc. We used the tap water to brush our teeth and never once got sick.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TropicalJ
<Content>Had an awesome - Relaxing Time       The Buffet restaraunt  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Resort My friend and I stayed here from 10th to 17th September 2005. Our rooms were great, a/c worked all the time and we had hot water whenever we needed it. We may have been lucky because there weren't very many people there so there were no queues for anything and we didn't have to make any reservations for the restaurants - just walked in and were served immediately. I would highly recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation we loved it!!!       The beach Vendors  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Notjack1
<Content>Had a realy nice time at Ocean Blue My husband and I just returned from a week at Ocean Blue (9-9 - 9-16). Before leaving I read nearly every review posted on this resort so we went with an open mind. We got a great deal and decided that we'd give them a shot. I'm pleased to say that our experience was nothing like some of the ones expressed by others on this site. Yes, we had hot water all week. Yes we received cool towels and a welcome drink upon arrival. Check in was smooth and easy. So easy in fact that I did not even realize I had checked in! We traveled with Apple Vacations (I HIGHLY recommend them to everyone I know) so we had a Rep on site. Typically a big bonus. We were wisked away in one of the trams to our room. Prior to arrival I'd sent them an email requesting a King room with pool view close to the pool. Once we got to the hotel we found we'd been upgraded to VIP (FREE!), not pool view but only steps away and on the first floor. That's when we met Wellington. He's one of the BEST people at this resort. Although I had an Apple Rep, most of my dealings were with Wellington. Talk about pleasant! EVERY time he passed us, he said hello and remembered who we were. We had a special request for extra water in our room and he made sure it was taken care of within the hour and every day after that. We had such a wonderful experience with him that I introduced others to him and he took care of them too. He even stopped us a dinner one night to let me know he'd be taking care of my friends for the remainder of their trip. We LOVED him.  When we were upgraded to VIP (Villa 6) I was a bit concerned as I had heard that the Concierge of this villa was difficult to deal with at best and nasty in the extreme. We never dealt with her. Why would I when we had Wellington. (I can't say enough about this man.) Seek him out, You'll be glad you did. Since we were there during the slow season (the resort was only half full) the dining restricitions were lifted (Much to my husband's glee) and the men did not need to wear long pants at the Al A Carte restaurants. We also did not need reservations for dinner so no hassles there. Now about some of the things we'd heard about this resort:Yes, there is a language problem with some of the staff. We've been to the DR 5 times now and never really had a problem with this. A smile and a little patience go a long way. We were able to communicate with everyone there. PLEASE, learn a few key words in Spanish before you go. DO NOT expect that they will all learn English. It's their country, not ours. Most do make a good attempt at communicating in English.Service Times: yes, you're on Dominican Time. Nothing is rushed in the islands. Why should it be? You're on VACATION. We rarely waited more than a few moments for anything while there. The trams operated at all hours, were constantly running back and forth and there was always more than one in service. We never waited more than a few moments and often started walking and came upon one. Walking was not a problem, we did the route from the beach end to the lobby several times with no problem. Just take your time.It was VERY hot and humid our first few days there. It was really only a problem in the evenings. During the day we were in the pool. The water was pretty warm but we expected that for this time of year.The staff manning the Lobby and Swim up bars were wonderful. Tip them a few bucks at the start of your stay and I'll bet you'll be remembered. We tipped the ladies at the lobby bar on day 2 and the bartender at the swim-up bar (Edwin) as well. I never waited for a drink. $5 goes a long way down there.The food at the buffet was pretty good, could use a bit more variety but.... about what we'd seen at other resorts. I'm a picky eater and always found something to enjoy. Breakfast there was great. We also ate at the Italian, Mexican and American restaurants and had good meals in all. The best was the Italian. The American (Route 66) has a rib eye steak on the menu but it was a T-Bone both times we ate there. Mike's Coffee and Tea, Oh MY God, the Mocha Cappachino was to die for! One complaint I have is, they did not publicize which restaurants were closed for the evening until our 4th day and then did not keep to the schedule. The buffet was closed 3 nights while we were there. The beach rest. La Cana was never open for dinner the week were were there (least not that we could tell). They have a large events board where they could post this and other information but don't. There is no advance notice of what the show is that night until you get there. I recommend that they start this as it makes planning your evenings a bit easier. We spent more time than I'd have liked looking for a place to have dinner on a few nights. Another thing they may want to consider is a REAL beach party. Most of the resorts we've been to have them. All the restaurants are closed and the buffet is set up on the beach. Usually lots of fun. They had a beach party one night but it started at 10PM and was only entertainment and snacks. I could not find anyone who had gone to this so I can't say how good it was.The lobby bar is the congregating point in the evenings and they had a live Jazz duet a few nights when we were there. A great time and easy way to meet new friends. We met several there!All in all we had a great time, met new friends and really relaxed which is what we went there to do. I'd recommend this resort to others, but you should go with the right expectations. It's not a top of the line resort (but could be in time, it's only 9 months old) and is a good value for your vacation $$. I say go, judge for youself.Have Fun!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Blue... Wonderful resort! Background information:I decided to take this trip because I have never been to Punta Cana, and I have never been on an Apple Vacation, so I knew this would not only be a wonderful get-away, but also an educational experience now that I am a travel agent.My friend, Heather, joined me on this trip. This was also a first-time experience for her.Flight:We were booked on a 6am flight, thru the Apple Charter airline USA 3000. We had to wake up at about 3:30am, and arrived at the airport at about 4:30am. There was an Apple rep there to greet us, and she had our documents ready for us.The line to check in moved quickly. I have a passport, but Heather had her original birth certificate, which they looked at very carefully. They asked her for her marriage license, which she did not have with her. After a few minutes, they stamped her birth certificate, and gave us our boarding passes. Since we were only going for 3-nights, we simply brought carry-on luggage, and didn鈥檛 check anything on.We were in row 27 (out of 30 rows). The flight was non-stop, and everything went well. They served us a breakfast of eggs and sausage, which wasn鈥檛 delicious, but was fine. They played the movie 鈥淭he Longest Yard鈥?and provided us with headphones. The headphones were the type that fit into your ears, which I found uncomfortable, but I enjoyed watching the movie. The flight attendant told us to keep our headphones because on the return flight, they will charge $3 for them.We landed in Punta Cana on time, and went through customs fairly quickly. I had read that there was a new $5 fee, in addition to the $10 fee upon arrival, however they only asked us for the $10.Charter Bus to resort:As we made our way to the Apple desk in the airport, there were several porters who wanted to take our luggage for us. They were calling out 鈥淎pple Vacations!鈥?as though they were Apple employees, and many people were giving them their bags, and then of course the porters expected a tip. However, since we just had our carry-on luggage, we carried our own.The Apple rep asked us our name and checked us off the list, and told us which bus to get on. There were about 10 other passengers on the air-conditioned bus. There was a driver and a guide. The guide was a young Dominican man鈥?If I remember correctly, his name was Eduardo Santana (he joked that Carlos Santana is his uncle). He was very friendly and made us laugh several times! He provided us with useful information, such as do NOT drink the tap water. He warned us that we would become very sick if we did鈥?He said the water would make us have to go to the bathroom all day long! He assured us that all the water and ice cubes used to make our drinks and food at the resort were all made with purified water. I had done some research before leaving, and I read that everyone should use bottled water to brush their teeth, however both Heather and I used the tap water (we weren鈥檛 drinking the water, just rinsing with it), and we were both 100% fine!Our first stop was at the Bavaro, our second stop was to the Melia, and the last stop was to our resort, the Ocean Blue Beach Resort. Based on what I saw of the Bavaro and the Melia, I was not overly impressed. There was construction and trash in the entrances of the resorts. Speaking of trash, the roads were littered with trash! I assured Heather that our resort would be nice and clean!Checking in:When we arrived at the resort, I was very impressed with the beautiful large lobby鈥?The floors were made of marble, and there was a large bar in the middle of the lobby, and plenty of comfortable places to sit.There were 6 of us checking in, and it went smoothly. The six of us were the only ones in line, and while we were waiting for our turn, a hotel employee brought us cold wash cloths, which I thought was very thoughtful.After the six of us checked in, they told us to have a seat and they would assign our rooms shortly. Just as we were sitting down, another employee brought us some delicious tropical drinks to enjoy while we waited.It took only a few minutes, and we were all assigned our rooms鈥?All six of us were assigned to Villa 5. An employee collected our luggage, and put all of us on a little tram, which took us to our villa.The Resort:The resort was absolutely beautiful! It was just opened this past March, and was originally rated a 4-Apple, however it has recently been upgraded to a 5-Apple, which is much deserved.There was a casino, a bowling ally, a disco, a gift shop, a spa, and about 5 restaurants on the property. There were two huge pools, which were beautiful, and very spacious. Only one of the swim-up bars was open, because the resort was only partially filled. We had no problems getting drinks whenever we needed them. There were plenty of lounge chairs around the pools. The water temperature was perfect!!The beach was very beautiful鈥?light golden sand, and of course the amazing crystal blue ocean! There was a set of shops on the beach. Heather and I were great bargainers, and ending up getting a few souvenirs at great prices!Our Room:When we arrived at our room, I was very pleased with everything, except for the fact that there was only one bed in the room. When the resort employee brought up our bags, he told us that he had another room he can switch us to, but that it was facing the garden, and not the pools. We told him that we definitely like the pool-view room, so he said that there were many people checking out that evening, so he鈥檇 move us to pool view room the following morning. However, the next morning, we decided to stay where we were鈥?The king bed was so huge, it was no problem at all!Like I mentioned, our room faced the two pools. I think our location (Villa 5) was the PERFECT location, and highly recommend this villa to anyone who is interested in this resort! To our left was the restaurants, and to our right was the beach and ocean. The resort had little trams and golf carts that would periodically circle the resort, and take people to the restaurants or beach, however we had no problems walking every where we went.The room was very lovely鈥?The floors were made of ceramic, and the bathroom was all marble! The shower was huge, and had a big jacuzzi bathtub, which I did take advantage of one night, while I soaked my sunburned body!Each room had a balcony. We didn鈥檛 spend any time on the balcony, but it was nice to have!Each room also had a mini fridge, which they stocked soda and water for us each day.The Amenities:As I previously mentioned, there was a casino, a bowling ally, a disco, a gift shop, an internet caf茅, a spa, and about 5 restaurants on the property.We received vouchers for a free game of bowling, however we never did go. I heard that there were also pool tables at the bowling ally.The disco opened at 11pm each night. We went on the last night of our vacation. When we arrived at about 11:30pm, we were the ONLY people there! We called up some new friends we had met, and they joined us. After a little while, a few more people trickled in, but nobody was dancing. We still had a fun time!The gift shop was over priced, but this is true almost all gift shops! I was feeling under the weather after being sunburned, so I bought two Tylenol, and a bottle of aloe gel, which cost me $12.I used the Internet Caf茅 a few times, which was very reasonably priced. I could get 15 minutes for $4 or 30 minutes for $7.We walked into the casino one night, and again, we found ourselves to be the only people there. It was a very tiny casino, so we looked around a bit, and left. The Apple representative warned us to never play Progressive Roulette, or Caribbean Keno. He warned us that everyone loses their money on those games.Snorkeling and kayaking were included as part of our all-inclusive trip, so we went kayaking one day. The area they have roped off was pretty small, so we just went around a few times, and then returned the kayak back.Our favorite 鈥渁ctivity鈥?was laying around the pool all day!The resort employees:Everyone was very friendly. While hanging around the swim-up bar, we gave the bartender a tip, and he was extra attentive to us. I know that that the gratuities are included in the all-inclusive price, however I highly recommend tipping the servers, bartenders, and cleaning people. From what we were told, they make less than $100 a month, so a few extra dollars from the guests can make a big difference.Our Apple representative was very helpful. He was at his desk at the posted hours and answered any questions we had. We met with him on the first day, and he gave us information about the resort.Most of the men were flirtatious with us, which doesn鈥檛 bother me at all. However there was one man who was extremely creepy! When we signed up for the kayaking, he was the one we had to see, and he was acting very flirtatious to Heather鈥?he was leering at her and I knew she was very uncomfortable! We had to enter our names and room numbers on the form, in order to rent the kayak鈥?He looked at the information and asked 鈥淪o is it only you two in the room?鈥?I lied to him and told him that there were four of us in the room. He said to me, 鈥淣o there isn鈥檛鈥?It鈥檚 just you two!鈥?I insisted to him that our husbands were also in the room with us, and when he asked me where they were, I told him they were at the pool. There was just something about this man that caused my 鈥渞adar鈥?to go off! However, we did not see him for the rest of the trip!Like I mentioned, everyone else was very friendly.The other guests:We, as Americans, were definitely the minority at this resort. Most of the guests were from Cuba, Puerto Rico, and Spain. I really enjoyed being the minority because it made me feel as though I was truly in a different country, and able to experience a different culture鈥?And I really enjoyed being able to practice my Spanish!Most of the women on the beach were topless. At the pool area, almost everyone was covered except for the young girls. Needless to say, I chose to keep my top on at all times.The food:There are several restaurants to chose from, each with a different theme. Heather and I ate at the buffet a few times, and we also tried the Dominican, Mexican, and American restaurants.The food was very average. I am not a picky eater, so I was able to enjoy my meals, however they do not compare in any way to the meals I have eaten on cruise vacations. I did hear several other guests complain about the food.I would not say that the food was terrible, nor would I say it was delicious. Although I would describe it as very average, nonetheless, I was always able to find something to enjoy. For me, the food does not make or break a vacation鈥?I do not go on vacation for the food. So the fact that the food was average did not influence or change my opinion of this beautiful resort.Conclusion:Overall, I enjoyed this trip very much. I would highly recommend this resort (Ocean Blue) to anyone interested in a Punta Cana vacation.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely beautiful Stayed at Ocean Blue Golf and Beach in villa 3 for my honeymoon and absolutely loved it. Having spent the previous month reading reviews and forums, the majority of which seemed to be bad, I was a lil skeptical, however we had an awesome trip and no real problems at all. The resort itself is gorgeous-extremely clean, bright and colorful with plenty of space so you never feel like you are crowded even at 95% capacity. If you are heading on vacation to get away from it all and relax you will definitely be able to accomplish that here. The pools are awesome, never crowded, with two swim up bars...what more do you need. Watch out for sunken cups at the bottem of the pool. They do go around every evening at like 6 spraying insect repellent that isn't exactly the greatest smell in the world, but i'd rather smell that then risk getting bit by some disease ridden insect. The food is good, different obviously but still good. You won't go hungry unless you are an extremely picky eater. We ate at every restaurant and never left hungry...sidenote the American restaurant is horrible, but we still didn't leave famished. Reservations are not that big of a deal either, our concierge was never at our villa but we just made the 20 step walk to the next villa and made our reservations w/o a problem. Twice during the week a local market set up shop at the front of the resort selling all sorts of garb...obviously a lot of wheelin' and dealin' has to go on before you can get anything at a reasonable price, but it can be done. There is a bit of a language barrier which is both good and bad, bad if you are attempting to ask for a bowl of marinara sauce for your bread, good if you are trying to avoid the many white-shirt people walking around trying to sell you land/tickets/vacation rentals/etc. The variety show every night is entertaining enough, they mix it up every night so you get to see something different---you usually get a $5 coupon to the casino upon leaving the show so that too makes it worth your time. Would not recommend the disco as it is actually more of a place to pick up escorts. Bowling alley is, well a bowling alley, you get one free game upon check in which is really all you need. The beach does have games you can check out as well, volleyball, soccer ball, bouche ball, and some board games too. Did not experience any problems with lack of hot water, but did have one night of hardly any water pressure, did not call to get it fixed because really wasn't a life threatening problem. Did not give gifts to the workers while I was there other then leaving a couple bucks for the maids every day, and everyone seemed to treat us just as well. We did two adventures off the resort, both were pretty sweet. Went snorkling with sting rays and sharks and went on the horse riding one. Would not recommend doing the night horse riding BBQ...it is hands down the scariest drive just to get to the ranch I've ever exprienced, no one could speak English while we were there and there is no BBQ. The horse riding part is awesome, but again I wouldn't recommend doing the night trip. The excursions range from $50-80 a per person so if you plan on going off the resort a lot make sure you bring enough cash. Did not get the chance to go golfing however the courses in my husbands opinion were absolutely gorgeous, whatever. The airport is quite the experience, the sell domestic beers which was amazing! To avoid heat stroke I would recommend finding a seat in the basement portion of the airport...heckuva lot cooler there. Stongly suggest taking a insulated cup with a lid, keeps your free drinks cold and sandless. One other thing, upon getting on your plane stake out the seats where the emergency exits are and ask the flight attendents if you can sit there if no one else is, twice the leg room and they fill those seats last...children under the age of 12 are not allowed to sit there either so they tend to be open. Other then that resort is awesome, food is good, alcohol is great, you must try the mamajuna (sp?) its amazing! Relax and enjoy it!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>needs improvement, not back again This is my 3 time in punta cana and this hotel for sure Im not going back,the first day no air conditioner they keeep telling It will be fix today was never fix, we had to change the room on the second day afternoonthe buffet , we hask for water, they bring the cup never the waterthe other restaurants you have to make reservacions to enterrooms were nice ,but not really clean, the sheets had a bad smellthe train transportation that they have is really bad, be prepare to walk a lot pool was really nice, but the bar at the pool close at 6:00 and the pool at seven  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AngDew
<Content>On the whole, a great place to stay We stayed at Ocean Blue for 10 days 15-25th August and I read all the reviews on this resort for weeks, some good, some bad, but after our stay, I can only say that whoever gives this resort a bad review grumble for grumble sake. We found that most of the staff spoke good English, maids not at all, but did a fabulous job every day (a couple of $ works wonders). I took little presents for the maids with me, bottle of nail polish, hand cream etc. and $100 in $1 for tips for the rest of the staff. We were given villa 9 overlooking the pool and ocean (upon request on checking in) no problem, top floor with huge balcony. Down side for the rooms are definitely NO hot water, in fact, cold most days, a bit of a shock when washing ones hair!! and the lighting is very poor, only one bedside light (we took torches to be able to read). It is a bit of a walk from villa 9 back to the restaurants if walking is not your style, but there are 2 multi seating golf buggies on constant patrol round the place, so we just staged a lookout and went downstairs when we saw one approaching, easy. There are 2 pools, both with swim-up bars which are outstanding, again, the only downside to these in my opinion were the holidaymakers who treated the pool as a trash can for their empty plastic glasses, (maybe they treat their own homes in a likewise fashion). On one occassion, a child stood on one of these glasses which lay at the bottom of the pool and cut his foot quite badly. The staff are constantly sweeping and cleaning, keeping the resort in pristine condition. The beach area is fabulous, but the actual swimming area which has been roped off for safety, is quite small, but most people just go in for a dip and a cool down. The speedboats, jet skis, banana rides etc. zoom up and down the coastline at great speed all day long and seem to come perilously close to the ropes, this could be a terrible accident waiting to happen and the smell of the engine fuel gets to you after a few hours. No problem with loungers underneath the shaded canopied area on the beach, plenty to go round and likewise by the pool.Food in all the restaurants is excellent and beautifully presented, portions are smallish, but adequate, nothing worse than seeing huge platefuls of food. The buffet was excellent with all the usual salads, meats etc. and varieties of hot food to suit every nationality imaginable.Entertainment - not so wonderful! Theatre shows OK at best, but by 10pm we, as a family were ready for bed anyway. There is a casino, but we did not frequent that particular establishment. Organised activities for kids during the day leaves a lot to be desired so improvements needed there and it would have been nice if there had been a couple of evenings a week with entertainment laid on.Upon our departure day, our flight was cancelled as we were flying into Miami en route to New York, due to the hurricane hitting south Miami on the night of 24th, so we were given our rooms back and stayed another night, and I can say a big thank you for this, as there was no charge for our extra night, which we thought was a pretty decent thing to do.All in all, this resort is beautiful, well looked after and staff friendly and courteous. We booked with Apple Vacations through a lady called Sally Black who took our booking and kept in constant touch via e.mail, even now we are back home, an e.mail arrived hoping we had enjoyed our vacation, a good service Sally and thank you. If anyone is interested in booking this resort, then give Sally an e.mail and she will sort it. Her e.mail address is moms@vacationkids.com. Hope this has been helpful to prospective holidaymakers and have a wonderful time!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mvsweety
<Content>going back in december if your thing is sun, white sand, clean beaches, excellent food, clean pools, wonderful service, clean big sweet smealing rooms than look no further this hotel is all that and then some. myself,husband and three children 10,12,14, stayed at this hotel on august 27th thru 31. actually we arrived to punta cana on the 26th and stayed at the ocean bavaro were we couldnt wait to leave because the children hated it so much. that very day we went to eat at the buffet and were approached by a man representing royal holidays {timeshare} he had asked if we were intrested in seeing the newest hotel in punta cana. i looked at my husband and said tell him no i read about these guys in tripadvisors and how they hassle you to buy timeshare. my husabnd told him no thanks he was very intrested in showing us this hotel and kept advising us that everthing was ok and that company would pay for the taxi and that the ocean sand was only ten min away so we went he advsd us that we could have breakfast there as well. needless to say we couldnt belive our eyes the hotel and all its surroundings where beautiful to make a long story short they gave us there presentation about becoming members to royal holidays and we accpeted they even throw in a free 7 days to come back in december or april of next year. so when you are approched by people by royal holidays give them an ear who knowns it might be worth your wild and maybe your next vaction any question on this hotel just drop me a note i will be happy to answer any questions bye !!!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best resort I have been to! I have been to many resorts in the caribbean and there has only been one resort that even comes close ( Iberostar) to Ocean Blue. I had a great experience. The room was very nice, the pool was terrific, the beach was good and there were alot of activities. I could agree that the food could be better however there was a wide variety of food , always something for someone. The only thing I found inconvenient was that they did not take credit cards in the shops and there was no ATM however they were willing to take you out to a ATm free of charge. Overall I had a fabalous time and would recommend the resort to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Has a lot of potential but needs work The Ocean Blue could be a really nice resort but they have a lot of areas that need improvement. First the good: the beach is terrific, the grounds are well kept, the staff is friendly and the bars are well managed. Needs improvement: the food is average at best and a lot of the food is recycled and of very poor quality. Our first room was in really bad shape. The toilet leaked, the room stank (and had been overly disinfected to compensate), the front door stuck and required incredible effort to get it open, our safe did not function and some of the lights were out. There were so many things wrong with that room that I went back to reception and requested a new room. Luckily they did oblige and moved us to a deluxe room in the 10 building. This room was very nice looking, perhaps the nicest we have seen in Mexico and the Caribbean. Still there were a few minor problems. The air conditioning thermostat did not work so the room got very cold. We would just turn it off at bedtime. The hot water was very sporadic. One night we tried for 25 minutes to get hot water for the jacuzzi tub and it never came. And the lighting all over the property is poor. They use the energy efficient mini flourescent bulbs and they do not give off enough light for reading. If you want to read at night you will need to bring a little book light.All criticisms aside, the resort is very appealing and the beach is terrific. Hopefully management will listen to people's feedback and fix the problems that are there. It has the potential to be a great place.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place was not a 5 Apple as advertised From August 13 to August 20 we stayed at the Ocean Blue in Punta Cana -how Apple Vacations can call this a 5 Apple resort is beyond me ! This wasour fourth trip tp the D/R and the worst place that we have stayed at. Nohot water - I requested king size beds - got two queen size. No enter-tainment on the beach at all - except for volleyball. No welcome drink orwelcome party as other resorts do . Other places have a beach party atnite - not here. NO BATHROOMS IN THE RESTAURANTS !!!!! Last year ourApple rep had a welcome party at Sunscape - not here ! Coffee withcurdled milk in the mornings - DO NOT EAT AT ROUTE 66 !!!! Worst foodI ever had in the D/R. Nightly entertainment was poor. See Juan at thebeach bar - he is outstanding !! Watch the dealers at the Casino - theyare learning the games ! Duke at the main lobby will take your moneyand promise you an upgraded room but that never happens ! It cost mea fast $ 20.00. Mike's coffee shop - great coffee and greatcheesecake. Check in/out was not a problem. Bartenders in the lobby bar are very slow . Time share vultures bother you all over the resort . THESPA IS NOT OPEN ! There is still a lot of work needed before it opens. Therooms are nice and very clean - maids do a great job ! The pool area isawesome and beach is clean but small area to swim - many boats passingclose to the beach giving a great gasoline smell to enjoy while sunningon the beach. We would not stay here again until major improvementstake place. One last thing - door locks didnot work properly.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We are looking for Chris from Indiana.grtz Ritha en Wiel from Holland. It was our honeymoon and we enjoyed our stay very much.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So So...... The resort was beautiful. The pool was fantastic. A special thanks to Juan Ramos, who was a bartender at the beach. Luis Angel of Apple Vacations was extremely helpful. Checkin and checkout was flawless. The beach was awesome for swimming and sunbathing. Everyone at the resort was extremely friendly. My compliments to the housekeeping staff.On the negative side.....Hot water was at a premium. We ran out on the second day and it never returned. There are no rest rooms in the theme restaurants. You have to leave the restaurant and walk about 100 yards to find a bathroom. There are really no activities on the beach. Stay away from the Route 66 restaurant. The food was cold and not very inviting. I was hoping for a beach party during the week but it never materialized. I was somewhat disappointed with the group of people that seemed to follow you everywhere harrassing you about purchasing a timeshare.Overall, we had a great time but I'd probably not return for about two years. This should give them some time to work out the kinks.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>August 10-17, Lovely I read many of the reviews before I left and became a bit nervous. Everything was quite different from what I read. We arrived at the hotel at 10:30 and our room was available by 11:30. They gave us towels to wash our face and we were able to get drinks and eat while waiting. The staff was overly friendly. We made some great friends while on the trip. All it took was being courteous to the workers. Yes, we are on vacation but we need to treat these people with the same respect that we would like to be treated. We tipped workers all the time and received service out of this world. THe water was hot two of the seven days, but it wasn't too bad. The food is not bad. The buffets are the best and the Caribbean restaurant was not bad either. The only place where service was not to goo was the Mexican Restaurant. We ate at the Dominican one as well, and this was ok. The place is very spacious and we had a lot of room in the pool and the beach. Go to the people on the beach to buy your souvenirs. They will try to get over on you at the beginning, but will lower the price to what you want to pay if you act like you are going to leave. We did the snorkeling and speed boats through apple vacations. This was wonderful and a lot of fun. It was $126 for two people. We also did the ATV through crazy gators. These people are found on the beach and we paid $60 all together for two people. We rode through jungles, caves, and beaches. It lasted 3 1/2 hours. The staff was very friendly. Everyone at the resort went out of their way to make sure that we were having a good time. They were always asking if we needed anything. We took $100 in ones and used every one of them. The resort is very clean, and the workers are always picking up any loose trash. The trolley ran non stop. There were always two going at the same time, and if we walked it is not bad at all. I can't understand what everyone was complaining about saying it is such a long walk if the trolley is not right there the moment you would like it to be. The shows were nice, and there was always something to do. The only suggestion would be for the disco to play a little more American music, other than that everything was wonderful and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service, no hot water, poorly managed Where should I start - our room had NO hot water. Our door locks did not work. Our repeated requests for help from the management (when we could find any) went unanswered. Many of the staff had a poor attitude. Other than that, it was fine. Spend your hard earned money and vacation time elsewhere!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good place with minor kinks to work out       Giant Pool  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>After we checked in we had a great time My fiance and I just returned and would go back. First the bad stuff, Apple Vacations cancelled our reservation so we sat in the lobby for 2 1/2 hours and eventually had to pay for the first night which we were not happy about. The next day we recieved a refund, if you have any problems ask for Duke, he was a major help. They also had people trying to sell time shares if they come up to you, say you already signed up and they'll leave you alone. I read a lot of people complain about making reservations for the restaurants, but the people are right in your building and you can set them between 8-10 AM. It really wasn't a big inconvenience. Now the good news, the place was beautiful, food was good, buffet was what you expect from a buffet not bad. We ate at the Italian restaurant twice, I liked the spaghetti with meat sauce and the brushetta was GREAT. We also ate at the Dominican Restaurant, the chicken and rice was above average. The only beer you get for free is El Presidente, which I enjoyed very much. All the liquior you want and good quality. The shows they have each night are average. The casino is nice except they took my money.The swim up bar was nice feature. The beach was nice and the water was pretty clear. If you go to the vendors right off the resort, you can talk them down. So don't take their offers. I recommend this resort I would go back.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation       View from La Brasa  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good resort but i stayed in better A good resort but i stayed at the Meila tropiciana 2 years ago and liked it better. I have to say the food at ocean beach was better. the buffet was very good with a big and different variety every day. we only went to one restruant the american and it was just ok. the employees are very friendly and try their hardest to understand us. we don't speak any spanish and didn't have any problems. their are a lot of bars and they are never crowded. the place is very very clean. i honestly don't understand what people are complaining about, just relax and enjoy.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely BEAUTIFUL!!!! I just got back on August 6th and absolutely loved my stay! Sure, the water wasn't as hot as we're used to and the food wasn't the best and there is a language barrier - HELLO! We were in a different country - a third world country at that. You can't expect to leave the country and everything be as perfect as it is in the USA. I went with a good friend of mine and we had a great time. We are both 29 and our biggest complaint was probably the water, which wasn't that big of a deal. The beach was amazing!!! I spent the entire day out there from 10 - 4 everyday. How could you not? The pool was nice, but I went there for the beach - I don't have a beach to go to in Indianapolis, but I have a pool. The shopping on the beach was fun, but definitely bargain with them - ask for 2/3 of their asking price up front. I got some pretty good deals. Shopping at Plaza Bavaro was fun - EVERYONE wants you to come into their store. This was a $6 cab ride there and a $6 ride back. Just keep walking if you don't want to spend hours shopping. The food was decent - neither of us got sick. The only time I felt funny was the day we rode the Banana Boat and fell off - I swallowed half the ocean! The buffets were good, but needed more staff on hand to fill your drinks. The Americana and Italian restaraunt were my favorites. The staff at the Americana is the best! Alonzo is the bartender and enjoys having people come sit at the bar :) Pedro, Jose and Willie are all great servers :) Tell them all Erin from Indiana says hi if you go to eat there. The drinks were good, but they like to make things very sweet. You have to ask for alcohol in the fruity drinks on the beach and at the swim up bars in the pools. 2 guys walk around the pool and beach area and take professional pictures with different animals - a monkey, parrots and an iguana were there when I went. The photographer's name is Junior - tell him I said hi too. We met alot of people while we were there -both workers and visitors. Everyone was great! It is a challenge if you don't know Spanish, but don't get frustrated. We are in their country and Guest Services is great! They will translate anything for you and speak very good English. They also call your room if you have a special request to make sure you got what you asked for. I felt like I was in a little neighborhood, which was nice. I never felt scared or worried about my safety. We walked everywhere - it really isn't all that far once you are there for a few days and realize it. It's so pretty, why wouldn't you want to walk and take in the scenery? People are just lazy! If you're older, I udnerstand, but it's so beautiful and such a shame if you don't walk around. It didn't take long for us to check in or check out. It was beautiful every day we were there, even though the weather before we left called for a 30-60% chance of rain every day. It rained once for 5 minutes and I just laid on my lawn chair during it - I was laying in the ocean anyways. We had a GREAT time and I can't wait to return! I have convinced it least 2 maybe 3 people to vacation there for their next trip. Go, relax and have a great vacation! Oh! On the way back to the airport, we picked up some people from 2 different hotels (The Princess and the Breezes) and both said they wouldn't go back. There is a disco with salsa music, but it's fun to watch and wish you could dance like that :)  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would never go back Booked this vacation thru tours and tickets travel agent in miami.( most unprofessional travel agent ever delt with)Make sure that you speak spanish other wise you are doomed...it felt like I never left Miami.When we arrived at the hotel the waiting began... wait for your room for several hours , when room is finally ready you are to tired to fight with the front desk to change it. This must be in their plans. the view from the room is a back alley that the employees use. That was just great. Furniture in room very cheap, shower door makes no sense, floors in room are always wet, actually everywhere you go the whole floors of the Hotel seem to be wet. It is a very humdit place to visit, and believe me I know what humidity is I come from Miami. I f you are traveling with children be careful of the steps around the hotel and lobby at night there are no lights on these steps. Be prepared for the scam of the restaurant reservations they do not want you to go to these restaurants so they make it very difficult to get a reservation. They will lie and tell you they are all full. They want you to get discouraged so that you end up eating at the buffet all the time.The quality of the food is o.k.nothing great at all. The service is poor and believe me I tried the idea of tipping to get better service it hardly works and I came home broke. The beach there is pretty and the pools seemed nice however when I was there several children including my own got pink eyes and sick with viruses and high fevers so I am not sure how clean their pools were.also not none of the bottled drinks were ever cold......The drinks at the bars were poor quality.I must say something nice about the doctor in the hotel he was a very nice man and beleive me if you have children i think you will be visiting him.Overall the vacation was o.k. the kids had fun due to they do not understand the things going wrong. One more thing watch out for the gulf cart that sprays mosquito repellent do not breathe when they go by spraying and that will be the only gulfcart you see... . I would never recommend this hotel to anyone or the travel agent who booked us.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this was ok We just returned from 5 days. the plumbing doesn't work too well there is very little hot water in your room. tepid showers at best. the rooms are nice but a little smallish. the food was about average copmpared to what we have eaten on other islands. not real in tuned to what american kids eat. except for pizza. the burgers and hot dogs my kids wouldn't touch after trying them. a lot of money to pay for them to snack on dry cereal all day long. the staff was nice and tried their best. some spoke better english than others. bring some small gifts to give to the maids, baseballs, and little toys for girls and boys. they took care of us after we gave them these gifts. do it right away as soon as you see the maid who cleans your room, get the supervisor as well. bring some single$ bills to hand out as tips, it works. the food was about average with other resorts that we have stayed at in the carribbean. they don't really cater to what american kids like to eat except for pizza, and if you live in north new jersey it's not on a par. the burgers and hot dogs, my kids wouldn't eat. we spent a lot of money for them to eat dry cereal, french fries, onion rings and ice cream. they don't do a good job posting daily activities, you have to stumble into an activity. if your kids want to do more than lay on the beach or be in the ocean or pool good luck. they have to be 10 years to bowl no exceptions. all of the watersport activities are extra and they don't have any organized daily activity sheet. bring mucho cash the only place that takes a credit card is the cigar shop. can't charge to your room either. the lobby bar is the best, but it's a long walk form your room. bring trousers for the men you can;t get into some of the resturants without them. need to make reservations do it early. be prepared to walk and walk and walk. we loved the beach and the pool, but with 8 and 9 year old kids wouldn't go back. we were there for 5 days and by the 3rd day the kids were telling us they were bored.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PARADISE ON EARTH!!!!! Amazing resort! I just came back from this resort and I must say that I can describe it all in one word: PARADISE!!!! OMG, this place is off the hook, AMAZING! The food is first rate, the variety the attention the drinks are non-stop. The facitlities are first class. The bathrooms are breath taking! I can't stop praising this place. The rooms were GREAT, always cold, the mini bar was always well stoked. The Jacuzzi was marvelous. This place is a dream come true. Do not believe any of the bad reviews. I recommend this place without hesitation. Go there, you will have a great time. And many of the staff speakes 5 languages. So don't ebelieve people about the language problems. All I can say is that this place is excellent, the service and the facilities are 5 stars and more. The food is a dream come true. La Casa de mi Abuela, awsome Dominican food, Las Brasa Carribean Grill, WOW! excellent. Evrything is so good i can't keep stressing it! Deff going back. Can't wait! You should go as well. I hope this review helps cause the negative ones almost made me miss out on a great vacation!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful i went to punta cana with my husband, and two teenagers ages 16 and 17. Although we heard from many friends about a malaria or getting sick- none of us got sick except for alittle sea sick from the deep sea fishing. the food- alot to choose from, i reccomend the rice and vegtables which they will fry up for you- it was excellent. breakfast was alright- we usually just grabbed some fruit for the beach. We didnt like any of the resturants..italian was the best of all but nothing special. beach- the beach is beauutiful, and we came back with wonderful tans...its clean and the bar is close enough to grab some food and drinks at anytime.the staff- so friendly, and always saying 'hola', we met many new friendsnightlife- not much nightlife at all, but theres trolleys that will take you to the other resorts if you wantshopping- theres little huts on the beach where you can bargin but somtimes they get mean so be carefuloverall i thought this was a wonderful vacation, and i cant wait to go back next year!you may email me at anytime if you have any questions about the resort  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no hot water It is hard to write a review for this place good or bad. some things are fantasic, but some are real bad. -one of the trolleys was broken and we were in villa 6 next to the beach which is the furthest point out. my legs and feet hurt at the end of the week. - i cant compare to other hotels in the area becasue i have not seen any.-we upgraded to junior golf suite. well worth it i thought. - we were supposed to get cigars on arrival. i never saw them.-staff is very helpfull whenever they have time. one of them drove us around on a golf cart just to look for a towel. -no hot water for 7 days. that was a nightmare.-buffet was good overall. dont even bother with the themed restraunts. - atv tour was good. Use crappy clothes when you go. its a mud bath!- sauna island was awesome. well worth it. overall a good trip. had some bumps but nothing too major. i would be happy to leave my email address. glogg_69@yahoo.comfeel free to email me.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Place! My best friend and I just came back from our wonderful stay at Ocean Blue (7/26-8/1) and found it to exceed our expectations after reading previous reviews. Before going we had started to read very negative things about service, food, etc. and didn't seem to come across any of them. Yes, language may be a problem but I realzed I wasn't in the U.S. anymore and they don't have to speak engligh as they will try very hard to understand your needs. Before long, waiters were refilling our drinks before asking for more. The grounds are kept extremely clean and housekeeping always had our room perfect after coming back from breakfast. As for the food, we were so scared of getting sick or just having nasty food and didnt have that as a problem, even after reading all the horrible reviews of the Italian restaurant, we found that one to be our favorite! Breakfast has just so many things to choose from and lunch has enough variety to satisfy you. Mike's cafe was our fave and has the same quality of Starbucks. Make it a point to head over there after dinner for some dessert, coffee and tea. The beach is absolutely gorgeous with enough places to sit although shade is limited. The pool is cleaned thoroughly every morning and is so huge you never felt crowded even though the hotel was at full occupancy. Listen just go and enjoy, it's the most beautiful resort just to relax and get some good fun and sun. I appreciated this place so much more after staying at the Barcelo Caribe after our flight coming home was canceled. The rooms were nasty and, outdated and had ants running all over the room and food! gross! And to top it off there were a bunch of drunk 16 year olds running like they owned the place, and im not an old lady, I'm a 21 year old girl from New York and felt like it was a spring break gone bad. So enjoy Ocean Blue, it's a little paradise!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too much walking!!! We arrive on july 28, 2005. The service was sometimes poor. There were only one trolley for up to 15 pass. and it was always full. We stayed at the villa #10 and it was very far away from the lobby and the restaurants. They told us that the other trolley was broken but I believe the could have rented othe vehicle because we have to wait a looong time.We wnet to the Mexican restaurant, our resrvation was at 9:30 (we would like it sooner but it was full). The service was very poor, they took away the buffet before we finish our food.We never had any hot water in our room and the pool towels smell bad.Its a very beautifull hotel but the service is poor.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>riskyman
<Content>excellent vacations I already came from this hotel. We stayed from July 23 thru July 30, 2005.This resort is a very good one. The villas has a beautiful architecture. The beach is wonderful. The only problem with the resort is the service. They need more employees and more training, because the resort is huge and the buffet required more staff. The other problem is that they need a good chef and specialized waitress for the a la carte restaurants. They don't really know what they are doing.But don't get scared, this is an excellent resort and the most beautiful I have ever visited. It's better than the Barcelo's resort and the Princess.The bars and Mike's Coffee are outstanding.I would visit this resort next year.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I dont get it... Why is it that people writing a reviews about this resort only leave their email address when the review is good?? Other than that, it almost seems as though they dont have the guts to!I visited this resort in April with a friend, and had the best and most relaxing time Ive had in a long time. The food was good, the transportation was NOT a problem, and the people were WAY friendly! Always an hola from EVERYONE. This resort just opened in January. People seem to expect way too much perfection from something brand new. The resort was fine. I will admit, SOME kinks to work out, but overall, not that bad. I would go back.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good resort but with little problems! I'm a french reader (I'm leaving very near Geneva), so sorry if my english is not perfect! (Ne m'en voulez pas)We went to the ocean blue from 22/07 to 29/07 in the villa 9. We were a little suspicious after reading some rewiews in tripadvisor... but after all, our vacations were a great a moment but...- The food is very average at all the 7 restaurants, only the buffet is good. The breakfast is incredible with a lot of choice (churros, croissants, tortillas, fruits, pancakes, salmon...).At midday, the buffet is good, but it was a lot of junk food : Pizzas (very good), hamburger, fries, chicken, pastas...In the evening, ALL restaurants are poor in quality, even the buffet because of the choice...At the dining restaurants, be sure to take at last 2 differents main courses because they don't give a lot of food... Don't go to the italian restaurant (horrible!).- Be very patient with the dominicans, they are working very slowly, but they are all very friendly. Try to speak a little spanish, and they will help you very carrefully. Also a lot a of dominicans speak french.and remember this : an dominican hour correspond at two occidentals hours!It was only the two bad points for this resort. Beautiful beach (but to many motors ships closed to the beach), 2 gorgeous and beautiful swimming pools,casino and disco are very cool (but only latino music and a little groove music), bars can offers you all that you wants (but at the dominican hour, so be patient).The resort itself is very very beautiful. Lobby incredible, huge, with a lot of decoration. Plenty of employees are working to the care of the resort and they make a very good job.At the final, you can spend good vacations in Ocean blue/sand, but I think you can also find better in Dominican Republica...If you can't modify your booking, don't worry, you will spend a very good time.Au revoir!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>browneyedgirl001
<Content>An Excellent Vacation Spot Stayed at the Ocean Blue Resort in early July. Let me start by saying that I read every single review on this hotel and also read almost every post in the forum regarding Ocean Blue from March until the day before we left. I took pages of notes during that time and left for vacation feeling completely prepared. We booked through Apple Vacations and got a great deal - $890 per person for 6 nights including round trip air from Hartford, CT, transfer to and from the airport, and all taxes/fees. A few notes regarding the airport: Birth certificates and driver鈥檚 licenses are completely ok. We don鈥檛 have passports, and we breezed through customs with no problem. The poor guy checking our identification didn鈥檛 even know what he was looking at and stamped my marriage license without even looking at my birth certificate. We started to pull out our drivers licenses and he just waved us on. Piece of cake. After you pick up your luggage at the baggage carousel, you proceed toward the back of the airport where you are met by a wall of very aggressive men who want to carry your baggage for you. They form a wall so you won鈥檛 see that the distance is literally 20 feet to the curb. You have to shout 鈥淣o鈥?and even then, they won鈥檛 leave you alone. One actually grabbed my husband鈥檚 duffle bag off of his shoulder and he had to snatch it back. The Apple transfer took us to our resort in less than 30 minutes. Check-in was smooth and there was no wait. At check-in, I asked for an extra key (to keep the AC/power on in the room) and a remote control for the TV. I also asked for a pool-view room in Villa 9, which is close to the beach. The desk clerk looked at me suspiciously and asked 鈥淗ave you stayed here before?鈥?I told him that I hadn鈥檛, and he clearly did not believe me. I got everything I asked for, and in a few short minutes we were on a golf cart with our luggage heading toward a large corner room in Villa 9 overlooking the pool. Our room was spacious and clean. The toilet paper holder was broken and one lamp did not work, but I didn鈥檛 bother complaining or asking them to fix either one. I had read that the rooms were dark (and yes, they ARE!) so I brought a gooseneck lamp and extension cord, which worked beautifully all week, giving enough light to read by at night. My husband brought his Sony Playstation and was able to hook it right up to the jacks in the front of the TV. We brought scented candles to make the room smell nice, and a huge bottle of bubble bath. The jetted bathtub was huge and perfect for bubble baths. The resort itself is gorgeous. The pools are huge and uncrowded. During our stay, the resort was at 95% capacity, and did not feel it one bit. The language barrier can be a problem, but prior to leaving we purchased a small Spanish translation book especially for travelers which proved to be a big help. And most of the staff spoke at least a little English. Only the maids and the ladies giving massages spoke no English at all. We had no problem getting dinner reservations at the a la carte restaurants. I visited the concierge most mornings between 8 and 8:30 and had my pick of restaurants AND times. You have three choices of dinner times: 6:30, 7:45 or 9:00. (One morning I didn鈥檛 make it down to see the concierge until 9:40am and he only had the 9:00pm dinner spot open at one restaurant.) If you are coming with a big group, you may need to line up at the concierge table at 7:30am, otherwise, it鈥檚 easy to get a table for 2 anytime between 8am and 9pm. We tried all of the a la carte restaurants (except for the two where you had to pay a supplement of $35 per person). They were all good except for the American restaurant. Avoid that one at all costs (the 鈥渇ried mozzarella鈥?is actually some weird drippy bright yellow cheese, the salad is just awful, etc . . .) The buffet was good, especially breakfast, and we enjoyed lunches at the beach buffet every day. The rotisserie style chicken was the best! Mike鈥檚 Coffee was the best 鈥?we had dessert there every single night. The pools and beach were beautiful, clean, and well maintained. There was at least one staff person picking up empty cups and garbage around the pool and beach at all hours of the day. The first day we arrived, we 鈥渟aved鈥?two chairs next to an umbrella by the pool early in the morning. We later found that to be unnecessary 鈥?there were plenty to go around. One of the best things we did was bring inflatable rafts with us. We got them at Wal-Mart for $5 each. The pool chairs are hard as a rock and very uncomfortable. We placed the rafts on the chairs and then covered them with our towels 鈥?this made the chairs non only bearable but quite comfortable. The pools were practically empty, so we floated around on the rafts as well. We did not use the climbing wall or bicycles because it was so hot outside. We went kayaking and did some archery, both fun activities. We also did the ATV tour and the sunset horseback riding tour. I would highly recommend both. Don鈥檛 book these in the lobby 鈥?you will most definitely get ripped off. Go down to the aquatic hut at the beach 鈥?I haggled with the Rancho 23 guys (they speak good English), and ended up paying $25 per person for horseback riding and $75 for 2 people on 1 ATV. The hotel gift shop was very overpriced. If you are looking for souvenirs, I would recommend visiting the sellers on the beach. (My husband hates to be pressured and flatly refused to go shopping with me.) I was expecting them to be very aggressive and say 鈥淐heapy Cheapy for you.鈥?I was pleasantly surprised. They were a little pushy and used cheesy pickup lines like 鈥淲here are you from 鈥?Heaven?鈥?but certainly were no worse than the vacation club sharks lurking around the buffet and lobby. I got some good deals there and had a ball haggling with them.We brought an entire suitcase filled with gifts and gently used clothing for the maids and other staff. Every day we left 3 or 4 gifts (dollar store makeup, jewelry, soap, perfume) and one dollar for the maid. She kept our room immaculate and she left little thank you notes and towel sculptures every day. One day we saw her excitedly showing another maid the gifts we had left for her. It was truly heartwarming. Another day we gave some almost new GAP T-shirts to the gardeners. They were shocked. When we walked by later on, they were all wearing the shirts under their gardening uniforms and they gave us big grins and thumbs-up (we don鈥檛 speak Spanish, and they don鈥檛 speak English). Our last night we gave each of the boys working in Mike鈥檚 Coffee a baseball cap and a baseball jersey. They were utterly dumbfounded and speechless. It was really sweet.My only real complaint was that our Apple Rep did not show up the entire week we were there. A rep was supposed to be there all week. We had to have the hotel staff get on the phone and track this person down just find out where our airport shuttle was on departure day! We had a great vacation and would definitely come back here again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as bad as people say...       Room in Villa 9  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>brookeiet
<Content>Great Trip My husband and I had a great time at the resort. It was beautiful!!!!! I can not begin to describe the fun we had. The resort was very large. Our room was spacious and very clean. The pools were huge. Take comfortable shoes. You have to walk quite a lot. It is very hot and humid in the DR. You will get a lot of sun. Take at lest a 30 sun block and keep re-applying. I would also recommend bug spray.We did have a little trouble commmunicating in English. Most of the staff spoke Spanish, but when we go to their country what should we expect. If you come to America we expect you to speak English. Should the DR be any different? We traveled with vacation express and they had an agent at the resort every day. He was always willing to answer our questions and help us. He spoke very good English. He also helped us book and ATV tour that was amazing. I do have two negative comments. Their were pushy vacation reps around the lobby and buffet entrance. We quickly learned to keep your head down and not to speak. Then they did not bother you, but if you speak to them they will bug you to death. The staff expected tips even though it was all inclusive. I would recommend taking ones for tipping. Overall we had a great time!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel with some positives and negatives The hotel was really beautiful with 9 restaurants. There are 10 Villas. From Villa 1-6 it's Ocean Blue. From Villa 7-10 it's Ocean Sand. It has 2 huge pools with a bar on both of them. At night they offer great shows on the theather. It has a bowling alley. The buffet restaurant offers different kinds of food every day. If you want to go to the restaurnats be sure to wake up really early so you can make a reservation. Although the concierge doesn't get there until 8: 00 a.m but before 7:00 there are people already waiting. Everyday at the lobby there are people offering you tours to different places. We went to the Fourtracks excursion. It's called 'Macao Crazy Wheels'. I really recommend this one. It costs $45 per person and it's a 3 an a half hour ride. Be sure you bring you're bathing suit because they stop at a cave with a natural pool. At the hotel the staff members are really friendly. O.K. I mentioned some positive things about the hotel, now let's go to the negatives. Be careful at what you eat at the restaurants. We went to the Italian and my father ordered a salmon. The next day, he could barely stand with diarrhea, stomach ache and vomiting all day long. Be sure to bring medicine like Pepto- Bismol, you could really need it. All the restaurants serve small amount of food (gourmet style). The tennis court and the archery are far from the rest of the hotel. So we came back like we had runned a mile( because of the hot weather). Also be sure to bring money, because if you ran out, they don't accept any credit card service. They tell you to go to the next hotel but the ATM only gives you Dominican dollars. The furniture in the room is in really bad shape for a 7 month old hotel. When we got to our room there were 3 lightbulbs that didn't worked. After three days they repaired them. If you go to the pool, be sure to get some towels early in the morning since if you go in the afternoon, there probably won't be any. They told us they were going to bring some clean ones in 15 minutes and never came. The Spa isn't finished yet, so theyhave some canvas in the pool area where everyone could see when you're changing. Anything but relaxing with all the noise. In the bowling alley you can only play one game per stay. The others, you have to pay for them . We went to ask one of the representatives of 'Manati Park'(wich is like a zoo) for the prices. We told him that we would have to think about going. He kept following us every day. It gets kind of annoying. We'll probably go back in a few years later but much much prepared.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tayala
<Content>Awful service... Would not go back. Terrible service, need to chase down a waiter to bring water to table, clear table or anything else you might need. Cold coffee in main breakfast buffet room, coffee machine in lobby bar was broken, no room service,we were a party of four were given 2 towels and we called for an additional two that never came. Casa de mi Abuela restaurant ran out of food, delayed our reservation from 9pm to 9:30pm and the main dishes that were recommended by waiter, were not available. Reservations for dinner need to be made between 8-10am everyday and this is still not a guarantee as we had to wait an additional hour on one evening for a table. Rooms are badly lit we had to request an extra lamp. And worst of all hotel did not have running water and when it did, it did not have HOT WATER!!! When Public Relations Dept was contacted all they said was that a pipe had burst and that they were working on it. We stayed a whole week from 7/9-7/16 and we took hot showers on 2 days to be generous. Mind you that this is a new hotel. We woke up 2 straight mornings with NO WATER to even wash our faces with. Entertainment program needs big time revisions, as shows are not great not to mention day time entertainment and animation from staff. Spa is not operational they are still constructing the building!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Resort! I stayed in the Ocean Blue/ Ocean Sand Resort in a junior deluxe suite. You would think you would get more priveleges being v.i.p, but i was wrong. During my week stay, i got a concussion leading my to go to the local hospital in the emergency room, the service was horrible. Clearly, the waiters and maids had no prior work experience in a resort. Overall, i would not recomend this resort...Oh and the beach was not all that impresive, it was the same type of beach as in miami.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Service and Bad Food We have traveled to the Dominican before and stayed at all inclusive resorts with our children and parents and have always had an awesome time. This time was different. A beautiful new resort it is , however, it is not managed well at all. While we pledged to enjoy our days in the pool and beach which was fun, the nights at the restaurants were terrible. The food was not good, the service was worse. Many people we spoke to were as dissapointed as we were. When we first arrived, we waited three hours to get our rooms. While we waited, they never explained anything to us as far as where everything is and how everything worked. Once in our rooms, the a/c was broken in two rooms and the third room had water leaking from the ceiling. The a/c's were finally fixed but the third room had to change to another room. Our rooms were near the beach which was very nice, however, the restaurants and casino was at the other end which was a very long walk. A very long walk. Sometimes it was okay, however, with nine people including a toddler and elderly folks, we needed transportation. The first day, there were two trolleys to transport guests around. These trolley's came every 15 to 20 minutes which seemed like a very long wait from what we are accustomed to in the Dominican. Then there was only one trolley working and that came around every 30 minutes, maybe. You spent so much time being frustrated by the wait then when you decided to forget it and walk, it would come by but would be too full anyway to pick you up. The drinks by the pool were so sweet you could not drink them and every day they tasted different. The deli they would leave in your room as a treat sat on a plate and collected fruit flies. Room service took 45 minutes to an hour and the food was not good. The service was generally poor and the staff was not pleasant. We found only two or three who would smile and be pleasant. This is unusual for Punta Cana. We are accustomed to everyone saying hola with a smile, wherever we go at a resort. This was not the case. Ordering at a restaurant was a nightmare. They could not get the order right ever and I mean ever. Although we drank bottled water only and even brushed our teeth with it, some of us got bad stomach aches with diahreah. Guests that we met found themselves in the clinic with their two boys vomitting non stop and had to get a shot to stop it. This was after eating Fettuchini. Again, we made the best of it and enjoyed the beautiful pool and beach, however, we would never go to this resort again. It is new and the management needs to really step up and manage this as a resort should be managed. PLEASE save yourself and find another resort to go to. There are plenty of excellent all inclusive resorts in PUnta Cana to choose from!!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family Vacation Overall, we were very happy. The check in was slow and very unorganized. Luckily, we speak Spanish, if not, I feel sorry for the English speaking guests. The rooms were spacious, but poorly lit. The reservation system for the restaurants is terrible. You have to wake up by 8:00 a.m to reserve tables, and while you are standing in line waiting to talk to the concierge, he is also taking reservations over the phone. They DEFINITTELY need to revamp this process. The food was good, but the service was incredibly slow in the restaurants. We ate at Margarita, Casa de Mi Abuela and the Italian. The average wait for 12 people was 2-3 hours. Also, take single dollars if you are going; the service improves dramatically with tips. For tours, I highly recommend the guys wearing the orange shirts, their tours (ATV's and speed boats) were both fun and on time. Finally, remember, you are on VACATION!!!!! go with the flow and set your watch to Punta Cana time...... have fun.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would not go back Do not pay for the upgrades, they are not worth the aggravation that is required to get them. It's one battle after another. I went on vacation to relax, not to get irritated. Will never go back to Ocean Blue or the DR for that matter. I am not a picky person (vacation in Mexico for 2 weeks every year), but I expect to get what I pay for without asking. Specific questions gladly answered. vtschabold@sbcglobal.net  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Blue Hotels - Great new resort to vacation with all inclusive packages My family and friends stayed at the Ocean Blue Hotels from 6/25-7/3/05, and we had a wonderful time!! Our flight left at 7:00 am (early flight) from Miami International airport, and arrived in Santo Domingo around 11:00 am. The ride to the hotel was about an hour so we arrived at the hotel around 12:00. Even though check in is at 3:00 pm, we requested earlier accomodations, and were given rooms before that time which was excellent since everyone was tired from waking up early, and the trip. The resort is gorgeous, and brand spanking new, with beautiful warm colors all around. The lobby had marble floors, with nice rattan furniture all around. We were greeted very nicely, and all throughout our stay every employee was very courteus. The room was beautiful facing the pool (Villa 8) good location, with a large bathroom and roman bath tub. The Dresser had drawers, and a beautiful armoire furniture with a TV and a fridge with beer and water. Everyday our room was serviced in an excellent manner. We had everything we needed, and the staff was always asking if we needed anything else. The pool is absolutely astoundingly beautiful. It had two pool bars that were really impressive. The beach was gorgeous, and the weather excellent. Of the seven days only 1 day rained for about 10 minutes. From the 7 Restaurants I would recommend Mi abuelita excellent food!!!! The restaurant by the beach with the lobster lunch/dinner is excellent too.. The italian restaurant was good too, however, the quantity is small (gourmet style). The Buffet restaurant was great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I did not like the Route 66 Restaurant with American style food. Please be sure to go to Mike's Cafe, it s excellent from the coffee to the desserts. Almost every night after dinner we went there for a good cup of coffee with a dessert. The only thing is that they are open at night, and not during the day. The Bowling place with pool tables on the second floor is a great pass time for the family and kids also open at night. If you have kids, and want to spend a quite time together without the kids take them to the Kidz Club. They provide arts, crafts, and entertainment for no extra fee. For nightly entertainment there is the Casino, Disco  the Bowling alley. They also have a dancing show of professional dancers from 10:00-11:00 pm. Some drawbacks of the resort is the transportation within the resort. There are no golf carts just two little transporting vehicles that does not suffice the number of people in the resort. You have to walk quite a bit from your villas to either the beach or the restaurants so take comfortable shoes no high heels or you will be taking them off.. The shows are not that good especially the kidz show is bad! Not very good planning. This is my second trip to Punta Cana, and is definately better than the one from last year that we stayed in Barcelo Bavaro Caribe-Beach. Would I go again? Probably not. Twice is enough..  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation from Hell I stayed only for 4 days and that was enough for me to say that I will NEVER come back!! Eventhough the place is nice, THE SERVICE IS HORRENDOUS!!!!! I even got sick from their food the very first day!!! The stupid show of harley-davidson around the pool when everybody is sleeping and resting is RIDICULOUS, and the service in dorms is absolutely desastrous. We never got clean towels, and I do not even want to mention the reservation system for the restaurants, that really doesn not work. Not even a one star hotel!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Honeymoon We chose Ocean Blue as our honeymoon destination, to relax from the wedding chaos. Our luggage was lost for three hours after given to the bellboy to take up to our room. We were informed that in order to eat at any of their restaurants, we have to wake up EVERY morning at 8am to make reservations, if not we would have to dine at the buffet, which isn't that great. There isn't any place for adults to have a drink and relax without having kids running around. They allow children, small children into their nightclub, it's like a children's park. They are running around, crying etc.. They claim they have a spa, NO SPA, it is closed, it's being built. They will drive you 30 minutes away to use another hotel's spa. There isn't room service availabe unless you book a Deluxe Suite. The staff is new  inexperienced. They can not answer any questions about the hotel. There are tons of Time Share reps all over the hotel, being annoying  pushy. If you do not speak spanish, you will have difficulty communicating with the entire staff. They have a public service staff which is useless. The last day we were there, we had money  my husbands cell phone stolen from our room. We reported it and they said it was our word against their cleaning staff. Basically they couldn't help us. Do not go to this hotel. It is beautiful, but all of the inconveniences, will blind you. This has been the worst hotel we've been to. The customer service is non-existing. The dissapointed Honeymooners  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good We were 4 couples with different opinions.1. the service slow, they need to move things a bit quicker2. the food very good, but don't get late sitting, it's terrible. You will be eating your lobster at 12:00pm3. the concierge of villa 10, Christian he was great4. we got the rooms to view the pool.5. the activities were to par6. the beach was great!!!!!7. the tips helped at times  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How can anyone not like this place? We returned a few days ago from the Ocean Sand/Blue resort in Punta Cana. We travelled from France with a large group of French tourists  were a bit cautious about what to expect, given we'd actually won the holiday in a supermarket competition! Anyhow, we were delighted with the place, noticing virtually none of the teething problems highlighted in previous reviews. We found the food to be good  the service friendly and good humoured. Our room was well appointed  the maid service very efficient. On the first day I discovered the dive shop on the beach  from that moment on my holiday was made - Wellington  Paco made each dive a relaxing event,  even got our children diving with tanks in the pool. The beachside booking service works pretty well, although there isn't any communication between it  the archery / tennis / bicycle area at the entrance to the hotel. The beach is excellent - clean  well organised, although the swimming area is quite small particularly when the tide is out. What impressed me most of all was the attitude of the staff - they're really trying hard to make your holiday enjoyable  relaxed. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone - hey, next time, I might even pay to go there!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay trip at best. June 10-18, some pos. more neg. Where to begin? Positive first,  We booked with Cheapcarribean which included our transfer from the airport to the resort, this went smooth and as quick as could be expected. We got checked in to villa 6, very nice room, just as stated in most reviews but our shower did not leak, which was nice, lol. Room was always cool with the A/C on at all times, it was very hot and humid there! -Food is always a big part of vacation, we had a late lunch everyday at the grill by the beach, burgers, fries, hot dogs, chicken, etc. Not too bad after a long day of golf, atv, whatever our pleasure for that day. Our friends we went with were VIP, so all of our dinner reservations were very well taken care of. We seemed to change our dinner plans daily and Margarita was very accomidating with our requests for changes, *for dinner. We all agreed the Dominican was the best, La Casa de Mi Abuela, have the camarones! We had dinner at El Bodegon one night and they brought out a cake and sang happy anniversary to my wife and I, very nice and appreciated.-Pool, just like everybody says, very spacious and lots of chairs. I noticed especially at the pool bar, that if you tipped a couple of dollars, the next time I came to the bar I had ZERO wait! Not many people tipping, so they tend to remember who does-well worth a couple bucks!-Liquor, we are all drinkers (4 of us) and our favorite bar was near the beach next to the beach restaraunt and the grill. We ended up there every night and the bartender was by far the best here. VELLARIO! Pronounced- Beladio, he was great. Only Spanish speaking, I speak a bit and we got a long just fine. After a couple of days he called me his brother and said he was to name his first born after me, lol. He would see the four of us walking up and grab the Vasos Grandes (big glasses) from under the counter for us and whip us up a round of the usuals without having to ask every time. On the third evening, he even pushed back a $5 tip and said we didn't have to tip him anymore because we were his friends, all the other staff around couldn't believe it, we made him take our tips from then on out. Tell him Ben says hello! Thanks. NEGATIVE:Check in took forever! They need a lot of work in this department, very slow and not as friendly as you'd like. I never saw the cool towel and drink that so many talk about? Margarita was friendly at changing the dinner reservations, but when we had problems with an extremely leaky bathroom cieling, broken dresser, no hot water, she was a little more difficult to deal with. -Food, beside the place I mentioned above, the food was okay at best. All 4 of us had the runs like most other people there. Food and drinks are just different than us Americans are used to. They need to be retrained on what Top Shelf liquor means, and if you're a beer drinker, get used to Presidente, no other choices-draft. Sit down dinners take atleast 1.5 hours, they just take there time? The drinks are all made of the cheapest Dominican liquors available, no coctails taste like we're used to here.Obviously I'm running on a bit and could keep going for a while to help you make a decision on your next vacation. We would not go back if the trip was FREE. It wasn't that bad, but we have been to Sandal's in Jamaica and there is simply NO comparison, and that is the only other place we have to compare it to. Everywhere you turn they have there hand out for more money, at the resort!Anyhow, I would love to help anybody with any questions you might have:We played lots of golf, ATV's, Snorkeling, drinking, etc. Email with any questions before you go!-BennieDimas@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The truth about ocean blue       beautiful beach  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>shoegirlPhiladelphia
<Content>Beautiful resort, poor food quality Our stay was from 6/16 thru 6/22. We were greeted at reception with a tray of the signature drink Ocean Blue which was great after a whole day of shlepping through airports and taking shuttles. The hotel is beautiful and for the most part the staff is willing to assist if they can understand what it is you are asking for. It cannot be stressed enough that the language issue is truly a problem. In the beginning it was fun to learn a few words and have our children use their high school Spanish but it became increasingly frustrating to not be understood. Our rooms were poolside and were all they were advertised to be. Bathroom was spacious with a very large jacuzzi. There were 6 in our party and at some point all of us were ill. There is a medical facility on site but I would recommend bringing Pepto, Immodium, Tylenol (the sun and humidity are brutal) and sun block should be worn at all times. The food was sub-par with the exception of breakfast which was excellent every day. Those accustomed to grain fed beef will notice that the beef is tough, not marbled and has a peculiar taste. Route 66 is a swing and a miss. Mike's was great, the cappacino was excellent and the cheesecake was great! The romantic dinner for two on the beach is an experience not to be missed. The pool is amazing. It is so large that it is never crowded. The vendors on the beach are a bit too aggressive for me. They will grab you by the arm and pull you in to their shop and before you know what is happening they are putting jewelry on you, and they all have a special price just for you today, cheapy cheapy. Not quite there yet but on the way.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We totally loved it!!! We just arrived from the Ocean Blue hotel on June 26, 2005 and the hotel is absolutely amazing. The service was incredibly great at all times, and the hotel is absolutely beautiful. The pools are HUGE and the fact that they have bars in them makes them more spectacular lol. The beach is beautiful and super clean. The service at the buffet restaurant is spectacular Agnel and Ana Cristina were our favorites and if u give them some $$ good tips they will treat u like royalty. With all my respect I really don't know what people expect when going on a vacation because for us it was like being in heaven. And hey people keep in mind u are vacationing in the Caribbean, if u don't like the Caribbean type of lifestyle then go to some other place in the world. But for us it was an out of this world vacation. Hey people don't be scare about bad reviews get on a plane and go to this amazing place!!! Im even planning to do my wedding there!!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE SERVICE!!! The hotel was beautiful. However, the service was the worst that I have ever experienced. There were days that no towels were delivered to my room. The food was awful, the service was even worse. Dinner at the restuarants took more than two hours.I don't recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beutiful Resort with horrible service Dates of stay was June 9-June 17, 2005. My review will be a bit leanghty, but well worth the read.I along with many others was a bit concerned after having read such mixed reviews from past guest. This was my first trip to Punta Cana, and decided to go there for my boyfriends birthday on June 11th. I booked the Junior Golf Suite package thru Cheap Caribbean and thought I got a good rate. My package included the following:-Private check in and check out-Check-VIP guest i.d. bracelet-a blue bracelet, which staff did not provide any any differen treatment then any other i.d.- Fresh fruit in your room daily-Fruit basket upon arrival -1 complimentary dinner at Bucanero Seafood Restaurant-1 complimentary dinner at El Bodegon's-24 hour a la carte room service-Motorized watersports (1 hour per person, per day)-Bathrobe and slippers for your comfort-Personalized concierge service-30 minutes massage per adult, per stay-2 beach towels in the room-Nightly turn down service-Horseback riding (30 minutes per person per stay)-Selected Dominican cigars in the room (3 per room, per week)We took a cab from the airport and was charged $30 I later found out it should have cost us only $25. Upon arrival to the hotel, there was no bell staff around, so my boyfriend stayed with the luggage near the curb, while I checked us in. He was then told by a bellmen that he could leave the bags there, and go get his I.D. bracellet. He did that while I watched the bags from the entrance to the front desk. Something I am happy I did, we met a gentelmen whose bag containing a new digital camera, and all his clothing went missing after his arrival to the hotel...je never found it. Surely it was sent to someone's room in error. Which is what was almost done with a suit case which was placed next to ours until we told the bellmen it does not belong to us. Check in was good, we were greated with a house drink called an Ocean Blue in their georgous mable lobby area. We were given a warm welcome at the front desk, and were quickly escorted into the Public Relations office for our private check-in. We were greated by Oscar, which started to speak spanish, but since my boyfriend does not understand too much of it unlike me, (I speak it fluently) I asked him to speak English. His English was not perfect, but he could be understood. He gave us the information regarding dining at the resort, and a folder with the details of what our package included. Be sure to get a remote for your television at check-in, they are not keeped in the room?? We waited 2 days to get one from our Villa Concierge, along with the cigars included. The Concierge Christian greeted us whlie we were entering our suite.The accomodation and bathroom was very spacious. We were given Villa 6 room 6308 which provided two queen beds, the bathroom had a seperate glass shower stall which leaks huge amounts of water on the floor, and was very annoying since the small bath mat they provide doesn't do much to soak up all that water. We had a good size hot tub, which takes a while to fill, but well worth the wait. There was a comfortable chaise, large closet and a good amount of draw space. We had a balcony with two comfortable rattan chairs  table, although their was no ocean view. This Villa is located near the pool and beach which was very convenient!Our room attendent Catalina was excellent and did a great job. Everyday the suite was cleaned very well we had nice clean towels, our 2 beach towels daily as included in the package were very convenient. Otherwise you have to walk over to the recreation counter and provide your towel keys.The bathrobes were waiting upon our arrival, but no slippers. They didn't have any. Be sure to bring some, twice upon opeining the mini bar a beer bottle came crashing onto the marble floor. The Concierge was hardly ever at the desk. When they were, there was always a long wait. One advantage of paying for a Golf Junior Suite was having the V.I.P. status, which allowed us to make our dinner reservations in advance. Withouth this status, you can only make your reservations one day prior or on the same day only....good luck finding the Concierge for assistance with this!! I took full advantage when I found the Christian at the desk and spent about 1 1/2 hrs with him making our dinner arrangements thru out our stay. Be sure to get all vouchers for the restaurants, otherwise they will try to charge you! I was very disappointed after Chrisitan assured me that I would receive our voucher for the Romatic dinner on the beach on the evening of my husbands birthday and we never received it. There are only two voucher that are given the day of the dinner and that would be for the Bucannero restaurant and El Bodegon (Wine celler..wine is an extra charge). Once again a service was promised but not delivered. I ended up having to stres myself by speaking to Evard in Public Relations and stressed that due to a Birthday celebration, I must have the reservation made. He called me back within 15 minutes to advise it was taken care of. When we arrived they expected us to dine in doors which is El Bodegon. Again after waiting for the supervisor to make up his mind, we were accomodated with a table out on the beach. It was beautiful!!! Watching the sun set, hearing the waves crash against the shore, made up for all the hassel of getting there. If you are able to do this dinner on the beach, I MUST stress that bus spary or lotion is needed for the mosquitos..you WILL be eaten alive!! I was pleased to have some!!! The supervisor did make me happy when he sent a trio to sing Happy Birthday to my boyfriend in Spanish, English  French, it really made our night... we got it all on video! We had a great waiter named Ramond which was really working extremly hard! The food was great, we had a 4 course meal, with Grilled Lobster, seafood soup, proscuitto on bread sticks, and dessert (nothing to brag about...I though the dessert was terrible).I must mention that my boyfriend actually left our video camera hanging on the chair. We did not realise until the next day and were pleased to know that it was given to the front desk. When we ate at El Bodegon the next evening, Raymond came over to us and asked if we found the camera. We found out that he was the person that found it and was honest enough to have taken it to the front desk, where he had to insist that they hold on to it for us. For some odd reason, no one wanted to take responsibility for it. We gave him a very generous appreciation gift. He was sooo appreciate and humble! I have to say one of the nicest people we met there!!!!! Margarita the Concierge is totally unhospitable and can be a bit nasty. If you have to, call the public relations office for any assistance if she is the one on duty!! She also assured me that she would get the vouchers to us for our dinner on the beach!!Room service is horrific!!! We never got the fruit basket included in our package. We had to call them 4 out of 7 days to advise we had not received the daily fruit platter. When we did, it was a small but nice plate with some sliced melon, mango, apple, watermelon. Although, we did receive a small cold cut platter also, which was something I did not expect. The Mini bar was not stocked when we check into the room, and we had to call EVERY DAY to have the mini bar restocked. Once having arrived to the room after 4 hours to find that nothing was restocked. Despite my boyfriend speaking to a manager named Jose and requesting that it be done without us having to call them everyday. We asked Christian 3 times for the room service menu, since room service was included with our package. The selection is not much, and when we did order breakfast one morning, it took 40 minutes to arrive. The eggs and bacon were cold and greasy. The fruit platter was the best thing delivered. One thing I could not understand, was that there was always only one set of cutlery delivered, both with room service  the daily fruit?? Despite that we ordered two breakfast plates.Motorized sports-Ha! I was looking forward to the jet ski  motor boat. Well, they dont offer this anymore, too many accidents. The only motorized sport avail. is the Banaba boat, which is a Banana shape float which seats up to 6 people and is pulled along by a boat, and water ski.30 minute massages were 15 minutes each, and it was a hassle to make the appointments! They give us a time and we had to return twice because they were behind schedule so they claim. Until I noticed they were taking paying customers first! The Spa is still not opened and massages are done in the pool area, with hair braiding taking place at the same time in the same bungalow. If privacy is an issue for a lady since you have to have your top off, insist on having the massage done in the bungalow closer to the beach where the blinds can be lowered and there is no hair braiding taking place. Otherwise there are people all around you talking and looking.We booked a 3hr ATV tour. which was great!! Don't book it in the recreation area of the hotel. They offered $140 for two people on one ATV. We paid $75 for the same thing by booking it on the beach, I then found out we could have paid less. We later found out they all book  work for the SAME company!!! The tour gives you a great prospective of country living and truly opens your eyes to the poverty that is lived under there. My heart went out to the children we saw along the way. Wear your swim suite, the tour ends at a sweet water cave, where you can swim, which was truly an experience!!!! Again, bring bug lotion or spray. You will need it while watiing for the tour to start and while waiting to be picked up to return to the hotel.The resort itself is Georgous. The designer turly had a big vision. Everything is big..the buffet is hugh (food average to blow average), the lobby area hugh, two great heated big pools only open from 10am-7pm(a bit later at times), Hanson  Wilfredo at the pool bar are great! They speak very little English, but $$$ is international. My boyfried tipped them each $10 on our first day, and he never really had to wait for a drink. There were times when they just served a fresh cold beer even before he was finished, and they felt the one he had was warm. Hanson is sweet, if you don't speak spanish you will miss out on getting to know a very nice person. We exchanged info to keep in touch. All the restaurants are very nicely decorated!! We are not coffee drinkers, so didn't try Mike's Cafe. The beach was clean and nice. There are some huts to the left of the resort on the beach where you must haggle your prices. DO NOT PAY what they ask!!!The animation staff especially Robert are very fun and try hard to get people motivated to have fun, fun, fun! Although they mostly played Regeton while at the pool. But again, they don't speak much English. Nightly entertainment was a disappointment!! The Disco is small, and again they mostly played Regeton. Probably due to the many Puerto Ricans  Cubans (from Miami) that were currently there and liked to here this type of music over and over and over!! Don't get me wrong, I too am Puerto Rican, but prefer more diverse music!!!The bowling alley (has 5 lanes) and pool hall (4 tables) were fun to be at during one of the rainy nights we had. Bowling costs $15, (we had one game per day included due to being VIP), when we went to purchase an additional game the staff member there tried to charge us $20. My boyfriend told him we already knew it cost $15!! He was a bit embarrased to say the least! Bring sock to wear if you think you will mind wearing paper hopital booties they will give you with the shoes.The best thing at the Mexican restaurant was the appetizer which consisted of a make your own taco bar. We enjoyed this more then the main entree. My boyfried enjoyed the Italian restaurant (I was sick in bed for one entire day...bring Imodium). The best food we ate was the grilled Lobster!!! In El Bodegon you have a choice of grilled Lobster, rack of Lamb, porterhouse steak or shrimp. If you have this restaurant included, it's good to know that the appetizers are included with the meal. We didn't know this since this was the only place we received a menu with prices listed. We found out from the waiter when we were about to leave. If this restaurant is included in your package, everything but the wine is included. This is the only restaurant where you have to pay for the wine of your choiceThe private check-out never happened, we waited 30 minutes for a bellman, which never showed up, so my husband called over a bellman that just happened to be near our Villa. Upon arriving at the front desk, I had to wait on a line with 7 people ahead of me, while I watched 6 other front desk staff members walk back and forth from the front to the back, while there was only one person checking guests out. Very annoying!!!One last thing every night around 6-7pm they spray for mosquitos, If you are still in the pool area you WILL inhale this chemical!!Again the resort is georgous!! The staff does NOT speak much English. My boyfriend says he could not have been able to communicate to anyone with out me. This was a bit frustrating for him. If the service was up to par, I don't think the staffs lack of English would have mattered much.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The resort was beautiful but the food and service was the worst I have ever had My family and I went to the Ocean Blue from June 9, 2005 through June 16, 2005. I will start with the positive things about the resort and finish with the problems that we faced (which far exceed the positives). First, the resort is very pretty and it is obvious that a tremendous amount of effort went into the design of the resort from the pools, to the restaurants to the rooms. The excursions that we took (ATV's and horseback riding) were a lot of fun. However, these excursions had nothing to do with the resort. We signed up with them through Crazy Gator (Pablo and Hector run it and tell them that Chip and Leya sent you) and I recommend this excursions if you go to Punta Cana (you can take these excursions from any of the resorts). In addition, the weather was very nice, again not an issue that the resort controlled. Again, this was not run by the Ocean Blue, but the Casino was very nice, professionally run and a lot of fun. The bowling alley was very nice and the kids had a great time there.I don't know where to begin with the negatives. First, our room was not ready when we got there, then they sent us to the wrong room. It was very difficult to get enough bath towels for the number of people (we brought some of our own) in your room unless you tip the housekeeper everyday (we ended up tipping approximatly $120 for two rooms for 7 days). One of my daughters鈥?bags was lost by the airline (which was not the resorts fault). However, the airline delivered the bag to the hotel and they kept telling me it was not there when we finally found it hidden behind the front desk. The concierge was not pleasant at all when I asked him to help me find the bag. In fact the concierge was not pleasant about anything.We had massages, which were nice. However my husband prepaid for one for me at the other Ocean resort (the SPA is not open at Ocean Blue so you have to go to another property). Approximately 3.5 hours after my husband left to get an hour message I decided that I did not want to go to the other hotel and I had a message by the pool. I did not know that he was paying for the message at the other SPA, so I paid for one by the pool side. The messages by the pool and at the SPA are all run by the same company. It took 2 plus hours and a lot of anger to finally get our money back for the message we paid for twice (totally unreasonable since it was the same company). The food was bad. Everything looked good but did not taste good. For example the pasta's were under cooked; the chicken was either dry and/or game tasting. The fish smelled bad everywhere I tried it except at the restaurant at the beach. We found that most people we spoke with agreed that the food was not good. The adult and kids program for teens were not organized. Nothing was posted so if you did not speak Spanish is almost impossible to find out when, where and what activities were going on. It took us two days to finally figure out that the show starts at 10 pm every night. You have to make dinner reservations first thing in the morning. Something that amazed me was the fact that restaurants were full even if I was the first person in line to make reservations. It didn't really matter because there was only one restaurant that was slightly better than the buffet (which was not very good).Here is the really bad part, 4 of the 6 of got a stomach bug (basically the runs) and 3 of us are still dealing with it. We were very careful not to drink the water. However, we did have drinks with ice. I guess that I assumed it would be okay at a 4 + star resort. I thought that all precautions would have been taken. I do not know for sure that the sickness is from the ice or the food. However, I know for sure that 5 out of the six families I inquired about stomach issues had the same problem we did. Therefore, I am positive our illness was a result of something at the resort. BRING Peptol Bismol (we spent $25 on two small bottles).Oh, I almost forgot...we did not have water for about 20 hours and we did not have hot water the next day (the day we left). It took hours for us to get a key to a room that had hot water so we could shower before we left (we had not showered for 24 hours by that time and had sunscreen on from the day before).My husband said that they do not have a clue how to resolve problems at Ocean Blue and I have to agree with him. I asked a lot people how the Ocean Blue compared to other all inclusive that they have been to and everyone said that it was their least favorite.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints !!!       view from our balcony  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but not great! My family and I just came back from the ocean sand/blue golf on June 12th. First I must say that this review will be long, so be prepared to read a lot. I booked our vacation in May 2005. We decided to go to this hotel because it was a 5 stars and it was also the first time that my husband and children were going to the Caribeen, so we wanted something ''safe''. I was craving for reviews and informations on this hotel. Even though the resort received some really bads reviews, we decided to go and make our own idea.CHECK-IN: Was really easy. We arrived at 10:00 p.m. Our packaged included a cold towel on arrival and a welcome cocktail, we received none of that. But the check-in itself went really quick and easy.ROOM: WOW! The rooms are awesome. Make sure that you get Villa 6. This is the closest villa from the beach and the pool as well. Best location. We had a separate shower/tub which was great, lots of room for the 5 of us, and very clean. The furniture is a little bit cheap, but hey, no problem with that. You get some channels on TV, like CNN and Cartoon Network (great for the kids) and some others US channels. They say not to hang anything on the balcony, we did and nobody said anything. RESTAURANTS: First and foremost no matter what avoid the Italian. This is the worst restaurant ever in my life! The food is reheated! Not fresh from the grill. The wait is awefull!Route 66: Very average restaurant. We tried it, but if you can avoid it, please don't feel guilty. It is a really bad imitation of American food.Dominican: Awesome!Grill: Awesome!Mexican: Very good!Buffet: Well it is a buffet restaurant like the others. Mike's coffee: It is true, the coffee is amazing, try the iced coffee even if it costs you 2$! Worth it!POOL: Very very very nice. The whole family enjoyed it a lot!BEACH: Seaweed, but not too much. Water is great and my husband did a lot of snorkeling along the rope and found lots of interesting fish and shell etc...STAFF: Very friendly, it is true, they don't speak a lot of english nor french, but it is nice to know a few words in spanish. It helps, and they try as well to speak your language. Avoid Margarita, the concierge at villa 6. She is a real B... with attitude. She is not helping at all, she doesn't care about you. We had prefered reservation and she didn't make them. I complained to customer relation and they told me not to speak with her again. Nelson, from customer relation is the greatest. But please avoid Margarita, you will get screwed one way or another. We tipped the maid every day, she was really nice to us and we tipped the bartender here and there also. Tip is always nice for them. ACTIVITIES: Not too many, not too less. Depends on what you want. FOR THOSE TRAVELLING WITH CHILDREN, I was with my 3 years old twins and my 5 year old daughter. Don't go there expecting the mini-club will take care of them because they won't. Well they might, but not the way you want. For 3 days, the girl at the day care spoke only spanish! Then, we sent them there for 2 hours the 4th day and they watched TV for the whole time even though it was 35 degrees outside! Never again! And the baby sitter service they offer you for extra $$$, well unless your kids speak spanish, forget it. HOTEL OVERALL: We had a bottle of Rhum and a fruit plate included in our package, well I had to go to customer relation every day for 5 days to request it until I finally got it after I freaked out to the guy there. Same stuff for the bell boy. Don't call them 45 minutes before you shuttle comes to pick you up, or you will leave without your luggage. Call them a good 2 hours! That way if time comes and you are still stuck with your baggage, you will have time to walk to the lobby with them yourself. After that, everything was nice. But we won't go back! It is a family resort. So if you are single or a couple, this is not the fiesta place. If you have any questions please fell free to contact me by e-mail at pene96@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More than we expected! We were pleasantly surprised by the Ocean Blue - we stayed this past March. We were a bit apprehensive due to the negative reviews and newness of the resort. Rest assured, you will have a wonderful time! We were warmly greeted with a tropical fruit drink upon check-in, which was speedy and hassle-free. The rooms are spacious, well appointed, clean and comfortable. We were expecting some growing pains as the resort was new, and the only negative we encountered was having to get up at 6:30 am each day to get in line to make reservations to the specialty restaurants for that evening respectively. We were told from the guest services coordinator, Sandra, upon check-in that they hadn't worked out the reservation system and to plan on getting up and getting in line early each day. We took this in stride and we were able to get reservations to each of the different restaurants during our stay. We were pleased with the food and the selection, but if we would have had to eat at the buffet every day, that would not have been OK. The buffet is just average, so make sure you get up to get reservations, if that's still the way they do it. Hopefully, they've worked that out by now. Also, we had to go each morning to our villas rep. to get vouchers for massage, water sports, etc. and we found that a $5 tip went a LONG way. They were starting to crack-down on this before we left, though, so pay for the upgrade which includes the extras - they were great! We took the day tour with the catamaran to the national park island and it was great! The beaches are lovely, clean and the turquoise waters are warm and clear. We don't drink alcohol and the bar tenders were quick to learn we were the NO RUM people and made our virgin drinks absolutely delicious! Again, a small tip here and there keeps the drinks flowing and these people make so little, it really goes a long way for them. We will defintely go back in the future and just for a point of reference, we have stayed in the 4 Seasons resort in Costa Rica and this was not far off their excellent marks! For the money, it can't be beat! Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rjox
<Content>You'll love it...... We decided this year, for our tropical vacation, to visit the Dominican Republic. My friends and myself have visited Aruba, Turks, Jamaica, St. Thomas, and Puerto Vallarta. From a resort perspective, this was the best.It is beautifully decorated and designed, the food was great (love the stir fry) and the rooms were the best that we have had in six years.The pools are huge and very nice. Casino is nice, I won a little, but it's not very crowded. Bowling Alley was open although we didn't bowl. Disco was sort of hip and fun. I had no problems with the staff. They even tried to teach me some spanish....that was fun.Now.....THE BEST PART of the entire trip was Mike's Cafe. I'm not sure what type of coffee they used but I think it was the best coffee that I have EVER had. I think I could have just stayed there the entire trip....Ha.I understand that various people have various opinions, but I read some of the comments on here and just wonder about the level of expectations. It's a vacation........chill....relax....read a book....lay by the ocean....Seriously, you should try this resort and just go with the flow. If a problem arises, understand that NO WHERE in the tropics does ANYONE rush. It just doesn't happen. Keep that in mind, be understanding and say thank you. You'll have a wonderful time.I would definitely, definitely, definitely go back to this resort....okay, yes the coffee carries alot of weight in that decision....but it really was the best coffee......Go...have fun!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mediocre at best We stayed at the new Ocean Blue from end of May thru June 1. The resort is new and has kinks to work out, but overall it was a nice vacation. With the exception of the fact that we had to wait for 3 hours to get our room when we checked in, and not many of the staff spoke english, the vacation pulled through. This resort needs to train their check-in staff more thoroughly and train them to handle multiple problems at peak check-in times. A 3-hour wait to get a room after traveling with 5AM was beyond ridiculous and acceptable. The food was only fair, but enough to pick from to get by. The pools were beautiful, the room was beautiful. I think once they train the staff the resort will be a success, but be prepared to wait and try to be patient.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Marshann0630
<Content>Never go back! My family and I stayed there from Mat 21st through the 28th - will NEVER go back. Rooms were the only thing nice about the whole trip. But dont buy gifts and leave them on the dresser they will walk away. I have beautiful pictures of the resort....but thats about it.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DeepVee
<Content>Highly recommended! had a great time!! The resort was absolutely beautiful. The rooms were brand new and looked more like suites. They all include a jacuzzi and marble bathrooms. The food was great except for the Italian restaurant. Make reservations for the Dominican restaurant early.The staff was friendly and eager to help. Highly recommended!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bring your translator resort was absolutely beautiful. However, the lack of communcation skills, and rudeness of staff makes me not want to return.Too bad considering the beauty of the resort, bust as you know, one bad apple spoils the whole bunch.Also, bring money, there are no cash machines.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cvliang
<Content>Average at best, needs some work! Prior to leaving for our trip to Ocean Blue (May 14-19, 2005), I read the reviews extensively and appreciate all of the advice from other travelers. Here are our findings:- ROOMS are beautiful, especially the bathrooms. We stayed in Villa 6, top floor, ocean view (VIP rooms, as they call it). Although we did not get the king bed we requested, it was still a nice room. The bathroom is one of the nicest bathrooms I have seen in hotels...comparable to the Bellagio Hotel bathrooms in Las Vegas. The bathroom is ALL marble with jacuzzi tub, separate shower, double vessel sinks. It sounds like from other reviewers that bathrooms in Villa 6 are different than elsewhere. If given the choice, upgrade to Villa 6. We had a fully stocked refrigerator upon arrival with bottled water, sodas, red wine, white wine, Brugal rum, Absolut vodka, Johnny Walker, Presidente beer. These items were NOT restocked during our entire stay. Our fruit basket on arrival had an arrangement of tropcial fruits and a whole pineapple which was absolutely delicious.- FOOD is definitely just average, at best. There was little variety and even the specialty restaurants (Dominican, Mexican, Italian, American) served very similar foods to the buffet. The best restaurant is Italian, having tried all of the restaurants during the course of our stay there. No reservations were needed during our entire stay. The coffee bar is a wonderful place, comparable to Starbucks at home. The hot drinks there are included, but any iced coffees are extra. I found this to be rather annoying since we were in a tropical area and iced drinks should be free-flowing. The drinks at the bar were good. We loved the frozen drinks. The bartenders always seem to put extra alcohol in the drinks which was much appreciated.- SERVICE is over all great, with the exception of our villa concierge. All of the bartenders, waiters, massage therapists, and hosts all tried to be helpful and make your time there enjoyable. Our ONLY complaint is our concierge. Her name is Margarite and while she was there daily, she was not helpful. She never offered any additional information than what was asked. We had to know what our VIP package included and ask her to give us vouchers for each one. She definitely did not offer anything to us voluntarily. I am the kind of person who knows exactly what our package includes and I had to specifically request each item. Through Margarite, we reserved a dinner on the beach on our last night at Bucaneer restaurant (seafood, which normally would require additional surcharge, but was included in our package). When we arrived at the restaurant, we realized that she had never placed the reservation, nor had she given us the papers to give to the host. The host had NO idea we were coming and proceeded to tell us we had to pay extra. I was angry, especially having confirmed the time of our reservation with Margarite on that very same day. Luckily, I knew where she kept our papers and I promptly proceeded to get them and present them to the host. This was not a pleasant experience  we could not even bear to look at Margarite after that. The dinner on the beach was definitely over-rated. The lobsters, though huge, weren't appetizing. One of our friends could not finish one half of the lobster and I noticed that our waiter had placed the uneaten half back on the grill (hopefully NOT to serve to another customer).- ENTERTAINMENT was average. There was nightly entertainment which was conducted mostly in Spanish. Casino was open, but small. They do pay out in U.S. dollars, but do not have U.S. coins, so they will pay you in slot chips, forcing you to drop it in the slot machine. The disco was open and had a trendy design although it was not full at all. The bowling alley was open and quite nice. Brand new Brunswick equipment, shoes, balls whcih are much nicer than bowling alleys in the U.S., but expensive ($15 per game). Upstairs from the bowling alley is a pool hall which was nice. The music at this location is by far the best. Only thing NOT open was the spa. Massages were done at poolside and beachside cabanas which had translucent shades. They essentially make you take your top off, so be aware, if privacy is an issue for you.- POOLS were very nice, although only one of the two were completed. There is a very nice swim-up bar. My only complaints was that the pool closed nightly at 7 PM which was ridiculous. They never have lifeguards, so I don't see why opening the pool at night would be a issue.- BEACH was clean, nice lounge chairs. Topless optional.- EXCURSIONS. We did book a 3-hr ATV excursion $55 per person (NEGOTIATE, always!) which gave us a glimpse into the towns, living situations, and scenery of the Dominican Republic. The trip included ATVing along the beach, which was amazing. This is something that is usually not permitted in places like Hawaii, due to land preservation. This was probably the highlight of our trip.Over all, it was a relaxing trip, but not as classy or entertaining as we would have liked. This was our first land all-inclusive, and probably our last. Cruising is probably a better way to go for us.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Blue Resort Just returned from 5 nights at the Ocean Blue in Punta Cana. I was a little skeptical after reading some of the reviews but I am glad I went with an open mind. We had a great time! The resort is beautiful and the staff are some of the most friendly I have encountered in the caribbean. There is somewhat of a language barrier but all of the staff try very hard to understand you. The food was great! I have traveled to many places in the caribbean on the all inclusive plan and this resort by far had the best food selection of them all. During each meal they have staff that are constantly checking the temperature of the food on the buffet which is very reassuring. I personally got sick one night but that is due to my system, the other 2 people with me never got sick. The one drawback was it rained 4 days out of 5 we were there but that is not the fault of the staff or resort so no complaints on that.. The casino is very nice, I even won! ( this never happens for me ). The one day the sun was out was HOT! Take sunscreen even if you already have a tan, we got a sunburn and we all had tans before going. Try the Ocean Blue drink, its really good.. All in all I would recommend that you go and make your own judgement, don't rely just on the reviews.. I would go back, especailly for the price we got through Cheap Caribbean.com. If posible try to fly with another airline besides US Air, they are horrible. My luggage got left in Charlotte, NC and did not arrive until 8:00 pm the following night, we were scheduled to return to Nashville from Charlotte Thurs night at 9:35, we arrived at 12:35 am due to plane problems. The airline in my opinion is not on the American Airline or SouthWest standard and the flight attendants are rather annoying. I will avoid flying with US Air in the future.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Blue, We Miss you! Three intrepid women from New York went to the Ocean Blue Resort from May 6-11, 2005. We had a great time!!! Our arranged transportation to the hotel took less than 30 minutes, we were checked in, settled into our room in Villa 5, fed at the buffet lunch and swimming in the pool within the hour. The resort was virtually empty so we meet alot of the other American tourists pretty quickly. Here are things that I felt made our stay better than any other trip I have made to the Carribbean. First of all, the room was very large and comfortable. He had the basic suite (not VIP) and it was plenty of room for 3 single women with way too much luggage for 6 days. The buffet meals for breakfast and lunch had plenty of variety and I can't believe that someone on any diet/preference/taste could not find plenty to eat. Just one request, more mangos!!!! The restaurants were an interesting view on cuisine. Given that we are New Yorkers with the best cuisine from any country in our backyard, it is not fair to compare the resorts restaurants to our usual experience. The Dominican restaurant was our favorite and we returned there for a second trip. (The famous reservation policy mentioned in earlier reviews was suspended since there so few guests in the resort at the time we went). Probably the most enjoyable meal was a return to the buffet by the beach on Sunday night. The staff seemed to be so relaxed and made alot of effort to make the evening fun and enjoyable. This is a very safe and relaxing place to go. You can go with your family or with your friends and have a great time. The staff work very hard to be helpful. Pedro (or is it Petron?), at the sports bar, may not quite be able to give you a Yankee score if you need one but he definitely entertaining. The gym is open and although small has very good equipment. The trainer was helpful but also let me do we my usual weight lifting routine without trying to coach me which I appreciated. You can run on the spacious grounds but the path is not paved smooth.You must remember that things happen and in the Dominican Republic, expect the lights to go out and even the water sometimes. but not for long.The concierges, especially James and Duke were friendly and fun and did their best to answer our questions and keep us informed. Grab the deals now (we used CheapCarribean) and try this place soon before the price goes up. You will have a great time.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic trip Seven of us headed to Punta Cana May 6-12. Having read all the reviews, like others, I was aware of all the things that could go wrong. We had none! Having traveled around the world, I know things can go wrong and in other countries it is harder to communicate. We totally enjoyed the resort. The rooms are spacious, the bathrooms large and we had no problem checking in. Our luggage arrived at the room when promised. We got the rooms we requested, first floor pool side.  The spa and the bowling alley were not yet open. They told us that May 14th the bowling alley will open. We did go inside and it will be fun when finished. It has 6 lanes with an upstairs area. Domingo, the sax player in the lobby at night, is absolutely fantastic. We went and ate supper and made sure we were in the lobby to hear him each night. If you go, tell him the Kentucky people said Hi. Language was not a problem and none of our party speaks Spanish. You just have to be patient and they are more than willing to figure out what your trying to say or they will go and get someone who speaks English to help. We ate at the Dominican, Italitan and Mexican restrurants. They were all very good! The buffets are wonderful. But again, having traveled in other foreign countries, I'm not a picky eater. If you are, stay home! We would all try and get different things and share so we could experience everything. Negative? We had seaweed all week but that's not the resorts fault. They did keep it cleaned up. The pool/hot tub closes at 7pm, needs to stay open longer. And there are no snacks inbetween meals offered. But then that just might be an American habit we have, lol. Oh, I did find two pieces of glass at the beach!!!!!!! You know what I did? I threw them away. Just like I do when I go to any beach in the US. Go, have a great time and enjoy! The prices won't stay this low for long.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alcat
<Content>Travel Agent Review.....Truth Told Let me start this by telling you that I was a full time travel agent for nine years and still do it part time. I have travled all over the Caribbean. Check-in:When you arrive at the airport you should take a cab to the hotel, if you do book the transfers with your tour company it will take you anywhere from 1-2 hours to get to your hotel. A cab will take you 30 min. When we arrived at the hotel I had some problems getting the room I asked for but after about 2 hours of yelling they did give me a room in Villa 6. Villa 6 and 10 are the VIP villas and are the best at the resort and well worth the upgrade. Room: They showed me a room in villa 4 and it was nice but the shower and tub are all in one and it is a basic 3 star hotel room. I then was taken to villa 6 and wow!!!!!!!! these room are very very nice. If you have ever been to a Sandals that is what these rooms are like. The shower and tub are not togther and let me tell you that tub is great. I think I took a bath 3 times a day, it was so relaxing. You have to ask for a room service menu and beer and so on and so on. You have to ask for everyting but you will get it once you ask.Food: Where to start.....The food is bad and that is putting it nice. I have travled all over the Caribbean and never had any problems with the food. Nothing is even close to american food. I know we are not in America but the pizza and hambugers taste like...I am not sure what they taste like but not pizza and hambugers. The lunch is served on the beach buffet style and it is very bad, we did not eat very much lunch. Now at night this restaurant turns into a Caribbean grill and it is the best food at the resort still not great but it was food we could eat. Most people we talked to did not even know about it. I am still having stomach pains for the rest of the food we eat. Just make sure you bring snacks! Tours: We booked our tours with Joseph and he was very nice and helpful. You can find him near the beach or the message huts. He does works out of the hotel so he is safe to book with. We went horseback riding and on the ATV tour. The cost of both tours for the two of us was $180.00us. It was worth it.This is not the best place I have ever been and not the worst, but I would not ever go back to Punta Cana or the DR. Yes the beaches are pretty but I have seen better. The resort is a 3 star and I think it will always be a 3 star. Hope this helps!  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nomorespeedo
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue!!       paradise  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joseph.dupre_123
<Content>Highest Review My wife and I stayed at Ocean Blue Ocean Sand Golf  Beach Resort from 4/22/05 to 4/26/05. The minute my wife and I arrived at this resort, we were impressed with the design layout and friendly people. The lobby greeted you with warm and gentle breezes with impeccable cleanliness. We were then escorted and driven to our villa by golf cart and led to our room by the attendant. He showed us the layout of the room, the safe and how it works, etc. Gave a small tip for baggage handling and he was off. Got our suits on and headed for the beach. The pool area is fantastik with 2 large pools, the biggest I ever seen with plenty of lounge chairs and a little scarce of umbrellas! Meet there daily about 3:00 p to 3:30 p for drinks with other guest ! The beach area although very nice with palm trees and those caribbean so called wood post shade areas was somewhat crowded. More sun protected areas are needed either with rental cabanas or whatever. The swim area in the ocean water although somewhat a small area has a buoyed area to protect swimmers from the speed boats that bring guests on the banana boats, para sails, etc. I would have like to seen this area expanded so that guests could snorkel in deeper waters. Whie we were there, there was a serious accident with a swimmer and a boat. Fortunately, the person I beleive survived the accident although medical help was slow in getting there to assist the injured that required 5 1/2 hrs. of surgery. Please stay in the protected area. The resort's both buffet areas were great and food was excellant with many choices that you would not get tired of eating. We ate at 3 of the restaurants and had praise except for the American one. Thought it was not typical of American food and the menu wasn't that great. The Mexican and Italian were by far the best of all 3 we dined at. This inclusive resort in comparison to others in the caribbean is by far our best choice for relaxing, enjoying the sun, people friendly (including the flamingo watcher for 10 hrs /day), best choice and display of food that we have ever had. Would definitely go back there again. We both give this resort a 5 Star Rating !!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific...we loved this resort My husband and I had a great time at this resort. Yes it helps that I speak fluent Spanish, but to be fair we were in their country and the English that was spoken by the staff far exceeds most of the guests' command of Spanish. My husband speaks very little Spanish (a few words) and he was fine with little help from me. I also noticed that several of the staff members were trying very hard to work on their English. I encourage everyone to take the time to converse with the staff if they engage you; it takes a lot of courage to speak in a new language.The food was wonderful, and the service everywhere was exceptional. The buffet is great. We tried several of the a la carte restaurants as well - the Dominican was our favorite. I've read reviews complaining about the service, we didn't have any problems - just a note to those complainers other countries do not move at the same speed as the USA, relax you're on vacation you'll get what you want eventually patience is the key. Most of the maids do not speak English, but they are very approachable and will find help if they need a translation, again patience is essential - I came across plenty of frustrated people that were oblivious to the fact that the maid was doing her best to help them out. A few words of Spanish would be advisable for anyone planning to stay at this resort: gracias (thank you) - goes a long way, por favor (please) - is just polite, hablas ingles (do you speak English) - will save you some time, pick up a phrase book and check out some key phrases - just think how helpful it will be. We were particularly impressed by the service at the dive shop (not associated with the resort). The staff there was great and very friendly. I do not dive, but I was invited to go out on the boat to snorkel and swim. FYI the Catalina excursion through the dive shop was fantastic - much better than the experiences that we heard from others that took excursions booked through travel agencies. Our entire experience was exceptional I would recommend this resort to anyone! If you have any questions, feel free to email me.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 Stars and Counting My husband and I just returned from a week (April 19 - 26). We had a great week and out side of a few rainy days it was what I expected pretty much. From the moment you arrive they go out of their way to make you feel welcome bringing you a cool towel and a drink while signing in then it鈥檚 off to get something to eat right away. 1. Dress for dinner is nice casual in the reservation restaurants. We liked the Dominican and Italian. The Mexican was ok and stay away from Route 66. We were leery of the water from things we read but all the people we talked to said no problems with ice or water. It was eating at Route 66 that got us both feeling sick. You do have to get up by 8 AM to get a decent regeneration. We thought the buffet had good food as an alternative. 2. Bring a bunch of singles to tip as you see fit. We didn't tip all the time (except at the reservation restaurants) but gave the pool or beach bartenders, maid, and our servers in the buffet restaurant ect tips periodically and at the end of the week. The staff is very friendly and seems to be getting better with learning English. They appreciate it if you know a few Spanish phrases. Buy a phrase book to help with this. 3. Our cell phone Verison worked fine down there with connection and roaming charges. Check with your provider for fees and service.4. We used the new fitness center a few times. All new equipment and the trainer is very helpful and will show you all kinds of ways to use the machines. 6. One thing to note, if you are a person unsteady on you feet when it rains there are many potential places to slip around the grounds and walking to your room. Some people on the ground floor had to put towels at the base of their doors due to flooding in there rooms after heavy rains. They do provide nice large umbrellas for you to keep if it is raining. 5. We got to meet the resort doctor as I slipped (my own fault not wet floor) and need to have a cut cleaned and bandaged. She is very nice and there is no charge to you for seeing her for any service. 6. A guest was injured swimming past the roped beach area being run over by a motor boat so stay inside the rope or be very observant of your surrounding.7. We took out a Hobi Cat several times. All the non-motorized water sports are free but if you don't know how you need lessons which cost $.8. We didn't do any excursions and didn't hear great reviews about any that other guests had taken.9. If you are going with children it is a Beach. Fair warning. Also the bartenders I saw wouldn't give alcohol to kids with different color wrist bracelets but as we know kids have ways of getting around that getting others to get drinks or wearing long sleeved tops to the bar to cover bracelet. 10. If you don't like strong drinks as for it un pocito rum, vodka ect. They will also make it stronger if you want but watch out because drinking is so easy to do down there. Also those big cups weren't that necessary, so you made a few more trips to the pool bar. The exercise is a good balance for all you eat and drink. 11. If your room doesn't have a remote control you can sign one out at the front desk. We returned our to be sure there would be no charge. 12. I couldn't give this resort 5 stars but 4 for now and they are constantly working on it and upkeeping it. By next year we probably won't be able to afford to stay at it when it is fully complete and operational.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>3kidsmom
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Not Quite There Yet As I write this review, I can't believe how many people had problems with the hotel. Fortunately, we did not have any. My husband, 3 children, and I went from April 20 - 27. I had booked ajoining rooms. When we arrived we were told there weren't any available. However, we were told to go have lunch and they would see what they could do. We returned waited about another 30 minutes but did indeed get our adjoining rooms. Well worth it even though the rooms are large enough for five people. We did enjoy having two bathrooms, two showers, and so forth. We felt the people were all very friendly. No one was rude and you could communicate very easily. I do speak fluent spanish and even though this helped greatly, my husband spoke to everyone in English and everyone fully understood him. As far as the furniture in the rooms, yeah it's cheap, but do you really care it's a vacation not your home. The showers do leak but we found that if you pushed the door all the way in and then back but not closing it all the way, the showers did not leak. One major thing that I do feel the hotel should inform people about is their swimming area at the beach. When we first arrived we thought that they roped off the area because perhaps it got too deep. We soon found out it was because it is a boating lane right past the ropes. While we were there, a gentleman was hit by one of the boats because we believe he had gone outside of the ropes. He did require surgery. So please beware stay within the ropes. My husband and 11 year-old son went scubadiving with Peter, Wellington, and Leandro from Pelicano Watersports located right on the beach at the hotel. They truly loved it and felt they were well instructed. First you watch a tape, then you try it out in the pool, and last if they feel you will be OK, you go out in the open waters. It was $80 per person but both my husband and son felt it was well worth it (one note if your child has his own mask and fins bring them along. They will fit better than the ones they have). The instructor never let go of my son while scubadiving. My 10 year-old did the free instruction in the pool and loved it as well. We all went snorkeling and it was beautiful. It was $30 per person and $15 for the kids. The hotel was kind of empty. We were (I believe) the only ones staying in Villa 8, which is on a diagonal to the first pool. It was a perfect location. The food at the buffet was OK. I wouldn't say it was the best I've had, but it was ok. The restaurants were better. My husband thought the Italian was the best, I felt the Dominican was the best, and of course the kids felt Route 66 was the best. You can make your vacation whatever you want it to be. We were there when it poured on Thursday and didn't have any problems. Our rooms did not leak and we were even provided umbrellas to walk around with. The place was beautiful. The pools were great and the beach was beautiful. I was very nervous about going to the resort and we ended up having a great time. If you have any questions, please feel free to e-mail me. Enjoy your stay.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so great! My husband and I just returned from Ocean Sand/Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort.First let me state the good news; rooms are large and ours (thankfully) was clean and almost water free, beach is beautiful, pool is awesome, buffet was good, drinks are cold and plentiful, casino was fun, staff is friendly and try very hard, grounds are well kept, The Jacuzzi tub rocks, and water activities are fun. Now for the bad news, which unfortunately, in my opinion will out way the good news.1)You鈥檙e on a schedule 鈥?we found out at our orientation that we鈥檇 missed breakfast that is served from 6am 鈥?10am. I don鈥檛 want to get up according to their schedule. A Resort should cater to the guest not the other way around.2)No shorts in the restaurants or casinos. Pants for men and no flip flops. All I practically brought with me were nice shorts and tops for dinner. Fortunately I also brought some pants.3)No pen and paper in room. How annoying if you need to write a note!4)No information in your room regarding the property, use of phones, who to call, what to do if鈥︹€︹€?etc. 5)You must make a reservation each morning between 8am 鈥?10am with your concierge if you want to eat dinner at any of the restaurants besides the buffet. If it was not for the other couple we went with who made a reservation each morning somewhere different, my husband and I would probably never have seen the inside of any of these places. I think it鈥檚 annoying to be on a time schedule and again, makes us cater to the resort!6)The food sucks. The buffet was really decent, but the food in the restaurants was mediocre to poor at best. My suggestion is to eat the buffet instead of knocking yourself out trying to make a reservation for some lousy food. 7)The message I got was outside with no privacy. So when it was time to put my top back on and I had to sit up, the whole world could see. Not that I鈥檝e got anything special, I鈥檓 just accustomed to some privacy. I also did not like the fact that during my 1 hr. message the talking never stopped. Some moron who had an appointment sat there for 30 minutes arguing with the staff that she would not leave unless they took her next! I asked her to be quiet and she did her best for about 30 seconds and then started up again. Also, as the landscaping trucks drive around, the fumes go right in your face while you are laying there getting your message. I complained and the girl apologize, but I was less relaxed then when I walked in. The quality of the message was below average also. NOT WORTH IT!8)No spa. I did not have time for my mani and pedi before leaving but thought, 鈥榥o big deal, I鈥檒l get them done there. Not a chance. No spa! How ridiculous! 9)No place to get cash! 10)Many of the stores don鈥檛 take credit cards11)We asked for more face cloths, the housekeeper nodded yes, but they never arrived. Only 2 per room per day.12)No place to sit in your room. Only a day bed with a coffee table. Not comfortable. All rooms should have the standard small round table with a couple of chairs or at least a desk to sit at.(of course with a desk they might have to supply a pen and a piece of paper!)13)The rooms need more lights. Very dark even when all the lights were on.14)This is a huge property. I like walking, but the time it takes to get from point A to point B, can be very annoying. Much time is wasted on walking. They need more golf carts roaming the property looking for people who might want to catch a ride. 15)The staff鈥檚 English communications skills were very poor. We were fortunate enough to have traveled with someone who had a fluent command of the language. He made our vacation so much more tolerable.16)Shower design is European with a single glass door. When you shower be prepared to get water on the floor. 17)No service on the beach. We were looking for someone to bring our cocktails to us on the beach, but that is not a service they provided either. 18)We were told they had room service but with out any information in the room, including a menu, number to call, etc. I don鈥檛 know if they really do have room service. 19)BTW 鈥?where the hell is the golf course anyway?I think the most annoying part was knowing you had to be somewhere at a specific time if you wanted to eat. I am on a schedule all day practically all year! When I鈥檓 on vacation I want to relax and be on my own schedule. I also want to be catered to. If you want to sleep in your should not be penalized and miss breakfast. How hard is to cook an egg and some bacon if a guest in an all inclusive 鈥淩ESORT鈥?asks for it? I would NOT return to this resort. On a sad note, there was a guest hit by a boat while swimming. There is a DESIGNATED SWIM AREA! Do NOT leave that designated area. This poor guy swam out of that area and was hit. Ambulanced to the hospital.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise! Just loved it! Before leaving, I had read some negative reviews of this hotel and was a bit nervous, but after experiencing Ocean Blue for a week, all I can think is those people must be chronic complainers who find fault with everything because this place was just amazing. Def a five star resort and worth every penny. The grounds, the rooms, the beach, the pool, the whole atmosphere was so beautiful. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, the language barrier was not a problem, many staff members spoke English, some even spoke several languages. The food and dining services were very good, despite the fact that both my sister and I have sensitive stomachs, neither one of us had a problem. We stuck with bottled water for everything, including brushing our teeth, and felt great the whole time. The drinks are of the highest quality and the vacation was so enjoyable. Constant entertainment and so many activities, this place will be the hot spot next year, no doubt, so I strongly recommend you check it out before the prices go up! Oh, and most importantly, we felt totally safe and comfortable our entire trip, it was amazing, you must check it out!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>buckeye09
<Content>Not quite there yet       Pool view from Villa 5 2nd floor  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great staff, nice hotel, but be prepared My husband and I just returned from six days at the Ocean Blue Resort in Punta Cana. The hotel is pretty, but as many reviewers have said, they are still working through some issues. Many rooms experience problems with leaking during rain showers, for instance. Here are some things you should know to be prepared for your visit:1. Bring cash. There are no ATM's and the hotel shops do not take credit cards or have the capability to charge to your room. Even the casino does not have any facilities for providing cash.2. Bring a pen and paper for your room. There is none and you may need to write a note to your housekeeper or jot down a dinner reservation time.3. If you like to use Kleenex, bring your own. There is none in the room.4. Massages are available, but they are out in the open. It can be very noisy, so if you are looking for relaxation, be forewarned.5. Consider bringing an extra bath towel if one towel per day will not be enough as that is what you are provided per person. If you like to use washclothes, you may want to bring one of them too as some days we did not receive any.6. A thermal cup is not super necessary -- we didn't use ours as the bars are fairly close to everything.7. There are no clocks anywhere -- bring a watch.8. Though it would seem that you are to forget the time (nice concept) since there are no clocks, in fact you need to be very aware of the time. Breakfast is from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. If you miss it, you have to wait until lunch as there is very limited food available between 10 and noon. 9. Dinner requires a reservation. Make dinner reservations in the morning from your room. Dial the concierge and pick up your ticket when you leave your building.10. Shorts are not allowed in the restaurants in the evening (though we did see some people get away with it). Pack slacks, skirts, ... and shoes other than flip-flops for dinner.11. There is a special lobster dinner at additional cost you can do one evening at the Buccaneer restaurant at the beach. It's worth it. 12. The bowling alley is currently not open and it looks like it'll be that way for awhile. The casino is open -- small and pretty quiet (nobody has cash!)Last but not least -- learn some Spanish!! -- especially key phrases. Very few people speak English.The staff are very friendly. We tipped everyone and brought small gifts for the housekeepers. The people were the best part of the trip, I think.Enjoy your holiday!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Service Advertised as a five star new resort, this property lacked many amenities, multiple inconveniences and poor service. Had to change rooms 3 times in one week. Room #1 - light on balcony hanging from a wire - no cover - dangerous. Padio door difficult to lock. Considerable amounts of water leaking onto sink counter from overhead light fixtures - dangerous. Reported the water leakage to staff twice. It took approx. 12 hours for the initial water leaking to be fixed. Then there was considerable water leakage coming through the bathroom light switch - enough that it rolled acoross the bathroom floor creating a fall hazard as well as a potential for electrocution. Only one lamp in room. Very dark-not enough light to read at night. Ironing board/no iron. No clock, no radio, no pen, no informational brochure in room, no phone dialing structions. Large wooden bed posts not connected to bed - every time you roll over - bang/bang/bang. Toliet broke/wouldn't flush. No laundry bags or price lists. Coudn't ever get washcloths for rooms despite numerous discussion with maids. After the continued water leaks, we were told that we would be moved to a different room. I packed our things and waited TWO HOURS before anyone finally came to move us to a new room. They also deprogrammed our room card resulting my being locked out of the room before we even moved - thus causing me to hunt down someone to let me back into the room - another time ordeal. Room #2: patio door wouldn't lock. I check this first thing but the male staff member motioned that I was high in air and in some broken English with Spanish he said no problemo-you safe-you up HIGH. 3/22/05. Got LOCKED IN OUR ROOM. Had got up early to go eat breakfast and then swim with the dolphins at Dolphin Iswland but could not get OUT of the room. We tried to open the dead bolt and it just spinned in a complete circle. We called the front desk. They couldn't understand what we were saying and at one point said, you stuck in your SAFE!? and laughed. Took 40 MINUTES before hotel staff came to help us. They coudn't open the door from the outside and the next think I know, a man had apparently entered the room next door and was climbing onto our balcony from the next-door balcony. So much for safety way up high. it then took time for them to remove the whole door lock. We missed breakfast and almost missed our bid ride. Iron but no ironing board in this room. Due to the very upsetting incident of getting locked in the room (FIRE HAZARD), the patiod door not lockable (SAFETY HAZARD), we visited the concierge office and explained the problems. Another runaround. We asked if we could at least get room service and they said we could not get room service in bldg 5 but we could be upgraded to bldg 6 and then we would have the additional benefits as well. They said, Give us 3 HOURS, we get a room for you. Call us at 3:30 p.m. Instead of calling, i went to the concierge office at 3:30. No one was there. I was told at the lobby to come back at 4:00 because the were in a briefing. When they did come, they told me to go look at the room first and see if it would be fine. i looked at the room, accepted the room but then was told we WRE NOT eligible for anything other than the food room service. FIRST OF ALL - one would think and ALL INCLUSIVE RESORT would offer ROOM SERVICE TO ALL ROOMS! I was again told to get my bags ready and once again, I waited for 1 1/2 HOURS for someone to come move our bags. I called the front desk in half/hour increments to see why no one had come and was repeatedly told, someone come in 10 minutes. MY DTR FINALLY WENT TO THE FONT DESK AND REQUESTED A BELLBOY COME DIRECTLY WITH HER, SO NOW WE INVESTED ANOTHER 2 HOURS OF OUR VACATION TIME DUE TO POOR SERVICE. Room #3: toliet wouldn't flush, tub installed unlevel - never fully drained and drained incredibly slow, certain numbers on safe wouldn't work. ask3ed 3 TIMES before we got a room service menu. Food room service often took over an hour. Soup was brought twice WITHOUT spoons. Food room ervice items that were to be hot, were often cold and multiple wrong orders received. We grew so weary of virtually EVERYTHING being wrong and taking exhoribtant time to get ANY service. Air conditioner wall control in this room clicked so bad we couldn't get to sleep, show handle holder slipped and wouldn't hold the shower head steady - so it falls and hits you in the head. Show LEAKS onto the floor. Additionally: One day we had no running water in our room all morning and no hot water until 4pm. The person at the front desk said that the whole hotel was without water. Noisy construction. Smelly air from insecticide spraying. gas fumes from construction equipment. Small water pond in front of hotel smells like a sewer. Very noticeable. Went to get towels for the beach and they were OUT! Charged us $10 when we went to check out even though we only mde 800 calls. the brochure says there is a $1 charge for COLLECT calls. THEIR definition of collect call is an 800 #, but nowhere is that posted. Weren't told that we had to make dinner reservations during early breakfast until 2nd day and then when I went to make reservations on day 2 at breakfast, they say, all full everywhere-you have to come at 7AM. 3rd day - I go at 7 AM to make reservations there was an alaarmingly LONG LINE. I DID NOT BOOK A 5 STAR RESORT TO WAIT IN LINE FOR UNREASONABLE LENGTHS OF TIME JUST TO EAT. oN ONE MORNING, A sPANISH SPEAKING COUPLE WAS IN FRONT OF TRYING TO MAKE A RESERVATION FOR A ATIME PERIOD WHERE WE COULD EASILY SEE THE STAFF PERSON POINTING TO A COLUM AND IT BEING ALL BOOKED. The man squeezed her hand and I could see him put money in it. She then squeezed in a name for an early reservation where there was a big x. No restaurant time posted. No signs at swimming pool indicating depths of water - very unsafe. Horrible quality of evening shows. Almost fell down oversized step in the theatre area because of poor lighting and the size of them. Horrendous problems calling out of hotel. Couldn't get front desk help to understand. My husband tried to call us from the U.S. and was told we weren't registered! He was scared for 3 DAYS because he couldn't get in touch with us. We finally emailed him and told him we were fine and of the many problems. Spa wasn't open. Not even a beauty parlor open. Casino not open. Bowling not open. No snack bar. Told we had full use of the sister properties but when we asked if they had a complimentary shuttle, they told us no and that it would cost us a $12 roundtrip taxi. I would never have booked an all inclusive vacation to this hotel had I known there were relatively NO amenities available and NO complimentary shuttles to the sister properties. After all the problems we had, little was ever offered to us to help our staay go better - not even a FREE SHUTTLE! Motorized water sports stopped being offered while we were there. Booked with CheapCarribean and very disappointed. I have traveled internationally frequently and I KNOW what 5 STAR IS. THIS IS NOT. Reading the other reviews, we realized we weren't the only ones that had a bad experience. If you had a good time at this resort, consider yourself nothing but lucky or maybe you are personal friends with someone at the front desk or slipped lots of tips every which way. I have stayed in remote jungle hut hotels with NO ratings and had far superior service than at Ocean Blue.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT PLACE My husband and I just returned from Oceans Sand Golf April 14-21, and it was great. We have been to the D.R before and this was a much better experience for us than previously as we went to Grand Flamenco. The service was good, the food was actually good, the restaurants and coffee shop were excellent. If you have any problems with the room you just have to keep on the concierge/staff and your request will get done fast. We took our 7 month old baby with us and they accomodated us with a play pen. The beach and pools were great. The casino was great also, as my husband actually won money. Overall it was a very good resort, food was good there is something for everyone's taste. The Dominican foods were a little bit too salty. Other than that great place to go to. It's great for couples and families both, as it is a large resort. Shopping by the Beach was good as the vendors were not as aggressive as the vendors outside the resort, in Punta Cana. Excellent experince, can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kometes
<Content>Outstanding, Exceeded all expectations       Beach, Bar,RockWall and Dive Shop  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carag
<Content>Go! You will love it! We just returned on April 21st from 8 days at the Ocean Blue. This is a beautiful place, the largest 2 swimming pools we've ever seen, warm and safe and the swim up bars are terrific. The ocean was warm, clean and calm. We did find a few pieces of glass on the beach, but they are working hard to get it to perfection. it was one of the few resorts with little to no seaweed on the beach. We walked past many resorts along the shoreline, and we liked ours the best. The Lobby is magnificent and large with a bar in the middle and plenty of seating. The saxophone player is there and at the beach buffet restaurant and is a recorded artist. His name is Vincent and truly you wouldn't find a more proficient player even on 54th Street in NYC. We enjoyed all the food in different restaurants, Mexican, Spanish, Italian and Domincan. We were unable to secure reservations for dinner on the beach, which we were hoping to get. One of the best things about the Dominican Republic is the people. They are friendly, eager to help, and very happy folks. Although they have little in material wealth, they are much happier than almost any American we know. Truly amazing. We stayed in Villa 4, our friends were in Villa 6. Rooms are beautiful, extremely clean and the only problem we encountered is the design of the shower. Water runs onto the floor through a vent in the tub, which can be dangerous. We had to put towels down. Also, they need to give more towels in the rooms. We had 2 handtowels and 2 bathtowels. When we asked for washcloths and more towels we were given them. It's good to know the word 'mas' meaning 'more' and show the maids a towel. 'Mas por favor' is a helpful expression as they do not understand a word of English. The only other person we encountered who spoke zero English was the girl giving out beach towels. Everyone else speaks enough to get by. However, let it be said, we are in someone else's country, for crying out loud! Don't be an 'ugly American' when you travel anywhere, but respect that you are the outsider... Please be advised that this resort accepts no credit cards! this is important to know if you wish to shop or go on tours. You must have cash. They need to correct this. All in all, we would definitely go back to this resort, and that's the best recommendation anyone could give.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>things to know We stayed at the ocean sands for 2 weeks, we started out positive, taking into consideration that the resort is new. However, the only thing consistent was the inconsistancy. For example: same foods every day at the buffet, bag of doritos go for $5 american, drinks were made differently at each bar, some days you had a maid some days none (tips didn't make a difference for us), our consierge was never where he was suppose to be in each villa, most of the food was bland, plus we didn't recieve what we were told was included in our package (motorized water sports, free rum, internet time and a massage).We went to the Plaza to check out the different shops, this is not recomended, it was scary, people were almost pulling you into their shops (that were all pretty much the same). We felt threatened at one shop when the boss felt that we offered too low of a price and freaked on us (we bought the item to keep the peace and left the plaza).It is legal to carry guns, we did see one person with a pistol in his pants and he was not police. We did not feel that safe away from the resort.The positives were the friendly people at the resort and on the beach: Wilfred works at the second pool bar (make a noise like a donkey and ask for a chocolate donkey). We gave him clothes for his daughters and he was very thrilled. Iisreal runs a shop on the beach #6 and he's the man! Tell him Al Gore says hi. Speaks good english, talks about his country and is sincere and gives you a bargain. If you try to speak spanish, the locals appreciate it and instantly smile and try talking to you. Excersions: The Outback Safari was excellent. Nacho, the guide was the best, if you're looking for info on the way of life etc you'll want to take this tour. THe Carribean Cruise to swim with the sharks was as expected. The sharks were pend up in a caged in area and you snorkled above them. The fish at the coral reef was amazing (our first time and our teenagers loved it too). The beach was awsome! Check out the sunrise! Don't worry about drinking the water served at the resort, even the locals drink filtered water and as long as you are not drinking from the taps you'll be fine. Asta la vista baby!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>eurodc
<Content>Great and getting better We stayed at the Ocean Blue from April 4th to 19th and had a great time. I was apprehensive having read some of the reviews on this site in advance especially as we had spent thousands to travel from Europe for our honeymoon. It was well worth it. As you will gather from the other reviews, there are still osme finishing touches to be made but these were happening daily when we were there. When we left last Monday, only the bowling alley, spa and some golf was unfinished and this will be completed by the end of the month. As mentioned elsewhere, there are several restaurants and they are all fine. It largely depends on people's tastes but all of the food is fine. There have been several complaints about service. This must be first timers to the Caribean as it is laid back but not poor. We enjoyed particularly good service wherever we went from some of the friendliest people I have had the pleasure to meet. Don't be shy about tipping a few dollars and the service gets even better. There is a shuttle bus that circles the hotel continuosly which we thought we would never use. We used it all the time. The pools are great and the Animation team very professional. Evening animation pretty amateur though but heh - it's not Broadway. We had no problems in our nice large room and had no complaints in that department. One word of caution is that there are no lifts in the villas so request a ground floor room if walking is difficult. The beach is super and the watersports centre excellent. We both got numerous mosquito bites and what would you expect from an island full of mosquitos ? I can't see why the hotel should be blamed and the repellant truck is there to help rid them so another dumb complaint in my view. The pools are super and the drinks flow in all bars all day - good drinks so try some of the cocktails. I have no spanish and had no problem communicating - if you have a problem contact guest services who have great English and are very helpful. I have travelled all around the world and would rate this as a good 4.5 star Tourist hotel and will be 5 star within weeks. There are still landscaping issues and they are also being worked on. It certainly seemed to be better than the other 5 stars we saw elsewhere in Bavarro. Go with an open mind and you will have a great time. We did and are going back at Christmas for another two weeks.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tanlines
<Content>Great Value My boyfriend and I stayed at Ocean Blue April 14-19, 2005. Both he and I enjoyed our stay and agree that we got a steal for our package.We booked a Deluxe Suite through CheapCaribbean. They are offering 50% off regular hotel rates as a Grand Opening special. For two people including air we paid about $1,000 less than the other resorts in the area. The Deluxe Suite package is definitely worth the additional $70 a night. The VIP bracelets distinguish you from most guests and the staff is extra corteous if you have one. The Deluxe Suite package includes: 路 VIP guest identification bracelet  路 Fruit basket upon arrival  路 Fresh tropical fruits/ meat trays daily to your suite  路 24 hour a la carte room service (only available to deluxe suites) 路 Gourmet dinner at the beach  路 One Complimentary Lobster or Surf  Turf Dinner at the Bucanero  路 One Complementary Dinner at the El Bodegon Chef Table  Wine Cellar (regular guests pay $35 supplement) 路 Motorized water sports (banana boat, tubing, skiing) EVERY day 路 Hobby Cat type Sailing (Catamaran) with captain EVERY day 路 Bathrobe and slippers  路 Personalized concierge service  路 20 minutes relaxing or aromatherapy massage per adult, per stay  路 2 Beach towels in the room  路 Nightly turn down service  路 Horse Back Riding (30 minutes per person per stay)  路 One Diving excursion per person, per week (only for certify Divers. They must provide copy of the certificate)  路 Selected Dominican Cigars in the room (3 per room, per week) Most of the guests at the resort are European. They have signs/menus (in the a la carte restaurants) primarily in English, Spanish,  German. There is a language barrier and most of the staff excluding the front desk staff, concierge and animation team, know little English. If you speak a little Spanish it will be helpful. Even though they understand little English the staff goes the extra mile to try and understand what you are trying to ask. This may get frustrating at times but they are trying to help you and don't just ignore you.The pools are the perfect temperature and are very clean. The hot tub is not really hot but is warmer than the pools. The beach is clean and nicer than most of the surrounding hotels. We never had a problem finding a lounge chair at the beach or the pool. The water is turquoise but you can only swim up to about a 5ft depth. The boats/water taxis come close to shore so they have roped off swimming areas. We walked on the beach in both directions and noticed that the other hotel beaches were much more crowded and there were rarely open chairs. The buffet had a large variety and we could always find something we liked. The beach buffet was convienent to grab a slice of pizza or ice cream. We ate at the Dominican (La Casa) which definitely was authentic. Most of the meals featured plaintains. The Mexican (Margarita) was good- it was nice to have chips and salsa. Mikes Coffee Shop had excellent hot and iced drinks and wonderful cheesecake and brownies. Our favorite meals were the two that were exclusive to the VIP package. We got great meats, HUGE lobsters and wonderful Civche. Our waiter gave us a bottle of Champagne to take back to our suite with us as a suprise! They also set up a romantic table in the sand with candles. The best part of the room was the bathroom. It was very spacious and made of marble. The hot tub was our favorite feature and we took advantage of it! We had nightly turn down service and the room was kept clean with an ample supply of towels. If you need more you just need to ask!The disco was dead when we were there but the staff said it didn't get busy until after 1AM. We were too tired to stay up that late after being in the sun all day. The theater had some entertaining shows. Most of them coreographed dancing. The cooks, cleaning staff, etc are the entertainment at night. Some of them are great dancers!Overall, we recommend this resort. You won't find another resort in Punta Cana that offers you this kind of deal! We wished we could have sayed a few days longer...  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AtlantaBeachLover
<Content>Aesthetically beautiful, but pretty cheaply constructed... My mom and I stayed at Ocean Blue/Ocean Sand Resort April 14 鈥?April 19. We booked the trip through CheapCaribbean.com and flew out of Atlanta. We arrived around 3pm on Thursday. Although we had booked the transportation to/from the airport, we decided to go ahead and take a taxi to the resort to get there faster (more on this later). We arrived at the resort after a very exciting 30 minute taxi ride. Once at the resort, check-in was fairly quick. We then hopped in a golf cart with bellboy Marcial and headed to Villa 4. Marcial was wonderful! He drove us around the resort and gave us a tour (showed us where the theatre, bowling alley, and spa were, described the restaurants, etc). He then stopped by the pool bar and got us a couple of frozen margaritas for the rest of the 鈥渞esort tour鈥? Marcial carried all of our bags up (2 heavy suitcases and 2 carry-on bags) in one trip and refused to let us help him. The day-time concierge came up to our room and explained the room (how to use the safe, mini-bar, card to keep electricity running, etc). We went to the pool for a couple of hours before dinner. There are two huge pools that are very pretty, and both have swim-up bars. The first night we ate at the buffet. While I read many things about the food being good, my mom and I did not particularly care for it. Others that I spoke to also did not like the dinner buffet. Friday was spent walking along the beach and at the pool. Walking along the beach we came across a man setting up conch shells for sale. He had just pulled them out of the water and was hammering a hole into the shell and pulling out the animal inside (amazing thing to watch). He was selling the conch shells. Although we did not buy a shell, it was very neat to watch the process. Saturday we went to the lobby to speak with the Turinter representative about booking an excursion to Saona Island. He proceeded to tell us that they only went to Saona on Thursdays, Saturdays, and Tuesdays. We left on Tuesday and it was too late to go on Saturday, so we were out of luck. Apparently there was a 鈥渨elcome orientation鈥?where they discussed excursions. We knew nothing of the welcome orientation because we arrived by taxi. Others that booked through Cheap Caribbean and arrived by taxi also never found out about this orientation. It would have been nice to know about this beforehand, so that perhaps we could have found out about the limited days for Saona. We considered booking another excursion, but in the end never did.The other days we ended up spending on the beach or at the pool relaxing, which was nice, but we really would have liked to go to Saona. My mom got extremely sick one night while we were there (likely from the food at the buffet during breakfast or lunch) with a fever also. Luckily, I had brought Levaquin (antibiotic) along with us, and she took that and was better (although still weak) the next afternoon. I think one of the biggest problems with food at the buffets is that the food does not seem to be kept warm enough. All of the food you get (breakfast, lunch, and dinner) was always luke warm, and everything I read said that you should only eat hot foods hot and cold foods cold. Even the things that were supposed to be cold (yogurt for example) didn鈥檛 feel cold enough.The electricity went out at least once a day (typically at night). It went out a couple of times while we were in our hotel room. It went out one night while we were in Mike鈥檚 Coffee and Tea, and it went out one night while we were eating in the Italian restaurant.Our Room:Although we had sent an email and requested an ocean view/pool view room upon check-in (and were told during check-in that we had gotten one), we ended up in Villa 4 (room 4319) which was close to the pool, but did not have a pool view. Our balcony faced LTI. We ended up liking it in the end, however, as it provided a little more privacy and LTI isn鈥檛 a bad view. We decided not to go through the ordeal of changing rooms. Although we booked for Ocean Blue, we ended up in Ocean Sand (or at least that is what our bracelets said). No big deal, though, since they are all essentially identical. Our shower leaked (as I think most do). We eventually figured out that if you turn the shower head to point towards the wall, you can avoid a lot of the water on the floor. Our room also had ants in the bathroom, which surprised me since we were on the top (3rd) floor. One thing we hated the most was that the beds were on rollers, so you couldn鈥檛 sit up in bed and read, because you would slowly slide down as the bed rolled out. Also, the headboards were not affixed to the wall. They were very heavy, and actually fell over twice when the bed rolled out. This definitely could be a hazard if a small child was in the bed and the headboard fell down on him/her. The mini-refrigerators were stocked with Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, 7-up, and bottled water. Each day we left a tip for the maid and a note in Spanish requesting more water, and we always got plenty (typically around 7 bottles)! We always had plenty of towels too, but there were only 2 of us in the room. Restaurants:American 鈥?We didn鈥檛 try it although we heard it wasn鈥檛 that great, but supposedly the steaks were pretty good.Mexican 鈥?We didn鈥檛 try it and heard of one person that got sick after she ate there.Italian 鈥?We ate there once and it was pretty good. I was really looking forward to the Crab Ravioli that everyone raved about on Trip Advisor. The Crab Ravioli was on the menu, but when we tried to order it, they said it had been replaced with Beef Ravioli. I got the Beef Ravioli and it was pretty good鈥lthough nothing great. I got the Bruschetta as an appetizer and it was the weirdest that I have ever seen鈥nly tomatoes (no cheese and no bread). Good thing I like tomatoes! Dominican 鈥?We ate here twice and it was definitely the best restaurant in my opinion (even though we only tried one other). When you first sit down, they give you a small drink with pineapple and white rum (great drink!). The red wine at the Dominican restaurant is fabulous and one of the best red wines I have ever had! My favorite appetizer was the yucca fingers, best entr茅e was the garlic shrimp, and the best dessert was the corn pudding. The servers in this restaurant were so much fun too! They danced around and sang. The first night we were there was more lively than the second. This was the same night that the vendors came to the resort, so the servers brought in some mamajuana samples for everyone in the restaurant.I thought the service at the restaurants was good, but I also did not want a meal that was hurried on a vacation. I liked the relaxing atmosphere.The resort had vendors come in during one night and set up right outside the restaurants. They told us that they only come into the resort once every 15 days. We trusted them a little more than the beach vendors and they were much nicer and funnier! I got some great deals while there. I bought a huge oil painting (approximately 3 feet tall by 5 feet wide) for $70 US. They started out at $260 and I offered the ridiculously low price of $40 and went up from there. I stopped offering at $60 and he stopped at $150 or so, and I just started walking away. He came running after me and ended up taking $70. It was nice, because they pulled it off the wood frame and rolled it up, so it was easy to take on the plane. I am going to get the canvas stretched back across a wood frame at a frame shop here in Atlanta. That may cost me up to $100 here, but even so, $170 for an original oil painting that big is so much better than I could ever get here. I also bought some Larimar jewelry at the vendors on the resort. I got three Larimar necklaces and two rings for $85 (including a $5 tip to the guy we bought it from). There was a row of beach vendors right next to Ocean Blue/Sand. While standing on the beach and looking at the resort, the beach vendors are on the right. I bought one Presidente t-shirt and one little coconut shell monkey (as gifts) from the beach vendors. They are very aggressive, though, and will walk all the way down to the shoreline to try and get you to come into their little hut.Our concierge in Villa 4 during the evening was James, and he was great! We spent a good bit of time talking to him about a variety of things (the resort, living there, where he was from, etc). I think he knows like 5 different languages (English, French, Spanish, German, and others), which I thought was really neat.We requested that our favorite bellboy, Marcial, come pick us up to take us back to the lobby for check-out, and he did. He, again, carried our luggage down all three flights of stairs for us and drove us back to the lobby in a golf cart.I, luckily, knew a great deal of Spanish, and that definitely helped 鈥?especially with the maids and vendors. The maids knew little, if any, English. The others knew a great deal more than I expected, though. I loved the fact that they didn鈥檛 speak a lot of English, because I like that experience in a different country. I do recommend bringing a Spanish-English dictionary (or Spanish translation dictionary into whatever your language is).The best thing about the resort was by far the people that worked there. Everyone was extremely nice and would go out of their way to help you. Everyone said 鈥淗ola鈥?when they passed you and smiled. If anything would make me go back to Punta Cana and to Ocean Blue/Sand, it would be the wonderful people that worked there.I only saw one piece of glass on the beach, and it appeared to be from a beer bottle, but I saw it long before I stepped on it. The sand on the beach was pretty rough (lots of debris in the sand), but the beach was very beautiful.My mom saw several mosquitoes in the lobby and I got bitten three times during the evening near the restaurants, although we did see a bug spray man come through every night. I would definitely recommend the malaria medicine, because I saw others that were covered in mosquito bites. I took chloroquine and am very glad I did.We took the transportation (bus) that we booked through Cheap Caribbean back to the airport. I enjoyed the ride to and from the resort, because you get to see true Dominican life. Possibly the worst part of the trip was our plane landing in Miami. We had approximately one and a half hours between when our plane landed in Miami and when our plane took off from Miami (to Atlanta). Customs in Miami is a pain and the airport is under construction, so it isn鈥檛 easy to find your way around. We got on our plane about 15 minutes before the plan actually took off and were the very last ones to board. Luckily our luggage still made it too, but if we had waited any longer, we would have completely missed our flight. If I ever fly through Miami again and have to go through customs, I will definitely make sure I allow 2 hours or more between flights, because everyone seemed to be running around like crazy.Overall Opinion of Ocean Blue/Ocean Sand:Aesthetically the resort and the location are beautiful, but seems to be pretty cheaply made. I would probably go to Punta Cana again, but I would probably try out a different resort.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>can't wait to go back just returned last night...boyfriend and i were there for 5 days....first time trip to d.r.can't tell you how impressed i was with all of the staff....they are all very welcoming and freindly....even the one's who don't speak english....some other guests were upset with the lack of english speaking staff...but really, we were in their country and shoulod be a little more flexible...the rooms were clean and spacious...i would recommend asking for a balcony facing the pool....the resturants were good....we really liked the carribean and domincan food.....the reservation process was not optimum, but if you flexible it will be fine....favorite things: Pedro- bartender at overtime sportsbar....friendly, funny and can make a mean drink, fresh fruit at buffets, swim up barsleast favorite thing: no atm on premises, no clocks in bedrooms (makes it difficult to get up in time to make dinner reservations0overall..if you are laid back and flexible you will have a great time.....they are still working out some minor kinks..but all in all it was a great vacation  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>twostirish222
<Content>Wow, what a place. My wife and I along with another couple stayed at Ocean Blue from April 6-11. When we arrived at the airport in Punta Cana everything went really smooth. Our luggage came out in record time. There was a van waiting outside to take us to the resort which was about a 40 minute ride. Once we arrived at the resort we were greeted with a cold towel and complimentary drink..Check in was so quick. We were taken to our room via golf cart, but once we got there it was a room with 2 double beds and we requested one king. Believe me, we are not the type of people who are hard to please but since that鈥檚 what we requested, that鈥檚 what we expected. Anyway, the gentleman took my husband back to the front desk where everything was straightened out in about 15 minutes or so. He then took us to our room in Villa 4. Which was just before the pool bar. Everyone there was very helpful and kind. They will do anything to accommodate you.The resort, in my opinion, was absolutely beautiful...Yes, there were some things that weren鈥檛 finished but they didn鈥檛 stand out. We had dinner in the Italian Restaurant which was ok...They are very, very laid back, so we waited awhile which was no big deal because when you鈥檙e on vacation, why rush...The buffet was pretty good. A wide variety of food. My only complaint there was the food wasn鈥檛 labeled...My wife is very picky but she managed to find something she liked everyday..The buffet close to the beach is where we had lunch...Burgers, fries, pizza, chicken all kinds of stuff. There is also a Sports Bar but doesn鈥檛 start serving food until around 11:00 pm. Mike鈥檚 coffee shop is awesome. You definitely have to make it a point to stop by there. The Casino is also a cool place to hang out too, if you want to drop a few dollars. They also have a room with 4 laptop computers. $4.00 for 15 minutes. That is how we stayed in touch with the people at home. The phone in our room didn鈥檛 work, nor did our cell phone which we were told should have. We also bought an International Calling Card but finding someone that spoke but English and Spanish was pretty hard. We did find someone after our 3rd day, but other than that we just sent emails twice a day. Eduardo at the pool bar is an amazing person. He is so friendly. All of the people work so hard for pennies...We tipped consistently...He told us that a lot of people have the attitude that it鈥檚 all inclusive so why tip...They deserve to be tipped because they bust there butts making sure your stay is a comfortable as it is when you鈥檙e home. The pool was really big and refreshing. The beach was nice. The water breathtaking. There were plenty of chairs in both the shade and sun. There are also a few huts where you can get a massage. My wife got one for $35 for 25 minutes and she enjoyed it. The disco is also a good time. They play all kinds of music and the employees are there to make sure everyone is enjoying themselves. All in all we had a wonderful time and would definitely go back. Hopefully this will help you in deciding on where to stay while in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>foreau
<Content>poor service- nice infrastructures We went there as a yong couple, there seems to be missing a age group; people from 25 to 30, lot's of famillies but they coexist nice with the adult only tourist. Beautiful infrastructures, nice rooms, nice restaurants, pool, nice beach, the drinks are good, name brands (scoth red label) champagne all day long even breakfast, food is average, buffet has lots of selection but it's the same everyday, dont pay the big bucks to go there, we got a good deal but some people paid much more than us. They apply pesticide at night, whithout care of who is walking around. We had bugs in our room, got bit three nights all over, the majority don't speak english so forget trying to get a new room. Don't tip too much, it won't make a difference, service will still be poor. Bar service is very slow (10-12 min wait for a drink with only 10-12 people around the bar), room service;forget that. Sewer smell at night near lobby (strong odor). Golf service is so-so, they'll drop you off but won't pick you up. Golf is nice but new, caddies don't speak english at all. This place needs to shape up with their service and it will be a number one resortDon't pay the big bucks for this resort, at least not right now  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place to Relax!!! My best friend and I were at the Ocean Blue from 4/8-4/13. We had the most wonderful time and did exactly what we had planned to do there....RELAX! The rooms were clean and spacious, the bathroom was beautiful with a huge jacuzzi tub. The only complaint there was that there was only one glass door to the tub, so if you didn't position the shower head just right, the whole bathroom was soaked. We ate mostly at the buffet for all three meals, but we did try the Mexican restaurant as well as LaBrasa (the Dominican). We weren't too crazy about the Mexican restautant, it just wasn't the food we were used to here. LaBrasa, however, was phenomenal! The presentation of the food was like artwork, almost too pretty to eat. Eduardo, the bartender at the first pool bar, was awesome!!!!! He was the nicest guy and made great drinks. He works 12 days on and has 3 days off, so chances are you'll see him the whole time you are there. We made sure to stop by on our last day just to say good-bye. The language barrier was a little difficult at times, but everyone (including us) tried very hard to communicate and the staff was so friendly and helpful. We were surprised at how low key and not crowded this resort was. There was never a problem finding a chair by the pool, but if you wanted an umbrella I suggest getting there early. The beach vendors were amusing and a little pushy, but willing to bargain for anything! One vendor gave us jewelry for a Lance Armstrong Live Free bracelet. This was definitely a vacation worth every penny we spent and somewhere I will go back to in the future (I'm hoping to go back in October with my husband!)  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jen268
<Content>Great Relaxing Vacation, Ready to go back again I just returned home from the ocean blue resort. (April 12 - 16) The weather was in the 90's and sunny everyday. Our stay was wonderful, relaxing and beautiful. This was my second trip to Punta Cana within the last 9 months. I have no complaints or issues with the resort. The people are friendly and courtesy. The pools are beautiful and the food is excellent. The only thing not open is the bowling alley, but since we do not have children that did not bother us. In reviews that I read there was a lot of complaints about making reservations at the resturants, the resort has changed the way they take reservation now. We made reservation for dinner, and activities every morning right out side of our villa. Sometimes it was late afternoon when we made the reservation and still got in. If your package includes a romantice dinner on the beach DO IT. They set tables up 3 feet from the water with Tiki Torches, Candles and Champaign. We had the seafood it was excellant.The landscaping is not completely finished but will come with time. All of the employees doing activities speak english, but not all of employees in the buffet or resturants do, but that will also come with time.We loved that you can get bottled water at all of the bar's and resturants.They have golf carts (Taxi) that go from the lobby to the beach all day and makes stoppes at each buffet and villa that you do not have to walk all of the time. The (taxi) just keeps making circles all day and evening. That was really nice the last resort I stayed at did not do this. Our room was beautiful, the bathroom was huge. Our balcony overlooked the pool and beach. I am not a golfer, but the golf course is not finished but what was completed looks very nice. The casino, disco, spa and work out center is all open and nice. The food in the buffet is excellent, other resorts label all of the food in English, Spanish, German and French. But Ocean blue has not done this yet. This is my only suggestion - label the food. Different cultures eat different food and they have a ton of different foods. The menu's in the resturant all list the foods in 3 languages, English, Spanish, and ?? (did not pay too much attention since they had it in English.) They have activities for the kids from 10 - 6 at the beach and pool, they also have a kiddy pool. they even have activities at night for them. There were quit a few children / teens ages 2 - 14 at the resort and they never were loud or in the way. Last time I was in punta cana most of us got slightly sick - we knew not to drink the water, but did not think about the ice cubes or frozen drinks (crushed Ice) not being purfied. This did not happen this time. I drank more frozen drinks this time then last. Having the bottle water at all bars, resturant and buffet help. I still got a RX for Bacteria before I left just in case. I did not have to take it, but I rather be prepared. Both of us would highly recommend staying at the ocean blue. I would go back next week if I could. (it's a 5 star resort) and can only get better. If you want to ask us questions please e-mail me.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bdonados
<Content>Great vacation at Ocean Blue My husband and I along with another couple stayed at OB April 6-11th and had a wonderful stay. Like others, I checked out this forum quite a bit prior to our leaving and was aware of how things were with the resort. I was pleased that most everything had opened up just a week or so before we got to PR. From the moment we landed, all was smooth sailing (we got our luggage in record time and were taken directly to the hotel). Everyone is so nice and go out of their way to please--always with a smile on their face. Check-in was a breeze and took only minutes. One minor glitch was that we had requested king beds and got rooms with 2 doubles (ours and our friends). However, contrary to other reports, changing rooms posed no problems at all. They were very accomodating-- the bellhop took my husband our friend (via golfcart) back to the lobby to switch rooms and then brought them both back to make sure everything was o.k. They were even able to keep us near each other. We were in Villa 4--nicely spaced between the buffet and the pool.  I must admit I was very paranoid about the whole malaria thing because I am a mosquito magnet. I came to OB with OFF w/deet and also these funny little keychain things that supposedly emit signals to deter mosquitos. I did not even take them out of the package and also never sprayed the Off once. I would see some bugs here and there, maybe a mosquito a few nights, but never enough that I worried. I came home with 1 bite--we'll see what my chances are.  Pool and Beach: Awesome Food: Hit or miss--some things very good and some things not sure what they were. No complaints. The service staff and entertainment crew are great. Cool disco. We especially want to share that Eduardo, our bartender at El Cocatel Pool Bar (furthest from the beach and nearer the lobby) quickly became our friend and we will definitely keep in touch with him. He makes the best Dirty Monkey--make sure you request it. If anyone is at Ocean Blue over the next several weeks, please stop in to see him and tell him his friends from Philadelphia say hello (Jim and Nick). Make sure you tip him, too. The same goes for all the staff--they work so hard for so little. Throughout our stay, my husband and our friend gave the workers and Eduardo different things such as t-shirts, hats, etc. They were so appreciative--maybe Eddie is wearing his Eagles hat.  To wrap up, my only comlaint was getting phone calls out of the country to check in with our son at home. Our cell phone could not make calls out as Cingular said we would be able to, but it did recieve some calls (depending on the signal). Hopefully, it's only $1.99/minute like they said it would be prior to our departure. I had added on international roaming as needed. Our friends had Sprint and were unable to call or receive. I purchased a calling card from the gift shop and it took about 3 days to get a call out--it is all in Spanish and the recorded directions over the phone are in Spanish. I finally had to have the front desk person do it for me and then hand me the phone. Got it to work from the room once. Other than that, we had a wonderful time. Oh, definitely check out Mike's--great coffee. Sorry for the long review.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hops
<Content>Run!!! First time travellers to the Dominican would probably enjoy this resort, but if you compare it to Gran Flamenco, Tropical Princess, Iberostar or other resorts in the vicinity, rebook now!!The Good-weather-bar staff-Margarita Restaurant-room was niceThe Bad-front desk staff-having your room requests filled-receiving requests for face cloths, coffee or tp(inconsistant maid service)-maid shuts off the fridge daily?-horrible seaweed in the ocean(any other resorts nearby had zero seaweed)-glass and garbage on the beach-lots of mosquitos in the entertainment areas and lobby washrooms-the bug spray they used at night which floated into the rooms-healthy!-chairs like concrete at the pool-activites and buffets good when the locals were staying at Easter, then downhill-lack of beach towels at the towel hut unless you returned them before closing at 6pm but the pool was open to 7pm?-evening entertainment below average and only 9-10pm-after 10pm is for the newlyweds or nearly deads!-horn player (same song over and over-irritating and hard to avoid-he's everwhere!I could go on but ....If you do go to this resort pay for the upgrade to the deluxe VIP suites then the conceirge will handle all problems. If you like snacks or chips take your own or pay $8US for a bag of Lays at the store.-  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>aellis02175
<Content>Very nice, but needs a little work Just got home last night, and want to write while it's fresh. This resort, while very beautiful, has a way to go to reach their 5 star level. The hotel and grounds are gorgeous, but they are still in progress. Lot's of work men planting and digging around. It is a very spacious resort, so plan on walking a bit. We were disappointed the Spa and Beauty Palor were not yet available to use. They did, however offer to send us to a neighboring resort to use their Spa facilities. The staff is difficult to communicate with if you do not speak Spanish! Most speak little to no English! So it helps immensley if you know the language. Money...Bring lots of small bills. Singles are great. It is very difficult to change denominations in US dollars. While this is an All-Inclusive, we quickly learned that if you tip your consierge a couple of US dollars, you can get whatever you want. They do not like or seem to want Pesos and some staff are disgruntled if you tip them with Pesos. The lobby shops and restaurants that charge do NOT take credit cards. The men are aggressive and I was propositioned by one of the staff which made me a bit uncomfortable. If you're a single women or traveling with girl-friends, don't leave the resort!! Lots of topless women around the pool and on the beach, so if you don't like that or if you're traveling with kids, be prepared. All in all, a great value. The weather was spectacular and the sun is Dangerous! Bring lots of sun screen, 30 and up! 15 spf is like using nothing!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>milzey99
<Content>Hotel was beautiful - staff were great-happy vacation for NJ natives We stayed at the Ocean Blue Resort from April 6-11. We stayed in Villa 3. Our Concierge The Duke was great - very helpful in booking our dinner reservations, tips on where to buy cigars etc. We arrived at the hotel, were able to immediately check-in, were greeted with a cool towel and welcome drink. In no time, we were wisked (via golf cart) to our villa and we were on the beach! The hotel is beautiful, it reminds me of a carribean village. We never found the staff to be slow in response. We ate at three of the restaurants, but found the food at the buffets to be just as good if not better. At each meal, our drinks were constantly refilled, finished plates removed from the table etc. The service was excellent. The staff work long hours, you will see the same servers at breakfast and then again later at night for dinner. Feel free to tip if you are happy with your service. They appreciate it, but never seemed to expect it. Ponche-Ponche at the cigar store was also a pleasure -- Very knowledgable - Tell him that Butch from NY said hello.The grounds were kept very clean - take a walk through the courtyards that run down the middle of each villa - they are beautiful and also provide some shield from the sun as you walk to the beach.The beach was beautiful - soft sand and no rocks or shell to avoid in the water. You can walk for miles in either direction and it is totally safe. You can check out the other resorts as you go. The sun is extremely strong, so bring plenty of sun screen. One of the first things you notice when you first arrive is how tan or sunburned people are -- take that as a warning. I normally use at 15 sunblock and had to go to a 30 by the third day.The pools were large and it was always easy to get a drink at the pool bar. All in all, this was a wonderful trip and a GREAT deal. It is one of the few resorts that I would return to.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>qzilla1977
<Content>Absolutely loved the resort!!! We stayed at Ocean Blue Golf  Beach resort from 3/31 to 4/7/05 and we absolutely loved it. Only complain we had was we had to make 5 phone calls in order to get a remote control, but other than that, everything went well. Food was so good (quality, quantity  different types to choose from). Kudos to Luisander who works at Mike's Cafe. He makes the best cappuccino!!! For the price we paid for our vacation, we couldn't ask for more. We would definitely go back. :-)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the entertainment crew!! ME and twoofmy girlfriends tried out this place after a last minute spring break reservation. we werelooking for something nice and cheap. This place is what we ended up with. according to the reviews that we had read after we booked it we were a little skeptical. according to the 3star price we paid for a 5star place i can say it was well worth it. the place is absolutly gorgeous, the rooms are brand new with marble tops and great tropical colors. you have a choice of two humongous pools, about 8 different cuisines. beware though if u want to eat anywhere other than the buffet which is not at all bad in itself be sure to get up at 7am to make a reservation. also the beach side was beautiful...the entertainment group was really nice they took me  my girls to a couple nightclubs b/c the one at the resort was yet to open... there is no problem in going outside the resort as long as you knwo the name of the place you are going to. prices at the club were reasonable. low key atmostphere. nothing outrageous a lot of europans vacation in punta cana, DR.. would def go back one day...  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Phillyb
<Content>Disappointed in Ocean Blue My wife and I stayed at the Ocean Blue from 4/3 - 4/10. We had planned on staying at the Ocean Bavaro up until two days before we left when we got bumped to Ocean Blue due to a water main break. We later found out that the parent company had purposly overbooked the Bavaro with the intention of shipping people to the Ocean Blue to get that resort making some money. I was disappointed when I found that out as I was really looking forward to the Bavaro.Anyhow, on to the report......The biggest problem we had was getting an acceptable room. Room #1 had no a/c, the bathroom was filthy (urine all over the toilet, soap scum, ect.), and the safe did not work. They didnt want to fix or clean anything so we asked for a new room. Room #2 had people in it already. (See previous review). Finally after 7 hours of trying to get a room we got one that had a/c and was clean. This room was fine for a day or so... until we got back from the beach to find sewer water all over the bathroom floor. Finally we were moved to room #4, a very nice room in villa 10 where we spent the remainder of the trip. The a/c went out in that room also but was fixed.The beach was awesome, a few sharp wood chunks laying around but overall a very nice beach. The pool area was very nice as well. The food was ok. There was plenty of it and a fairly decent selection at the buffets. Breakfast was probably my favorite buffet. We tried the Dominican, Mexican, and Italian restaurants. The food was ok at them all... nothing outstanding but nothing terrible. The service was slow but we expected that, but it did get old after a while. The deserts at the coffee shop were very good. The bars had all top shelf alcohol which was nice-- I enjoyed it.Because the resort is so new there was not as much lush vegitation growing as I would have liked. But I am sure that will come with time. My wife and I enjoy a more lush, tropical, intimate feeling resort. This resort is more open, Disney like.For some reason I noticed a lack of quality workmanship through out the resort. For example, it seems that they painted the walls after putting on the trim and laying the tile. There were many paint drops/ spots on the floor or trim that wasnt cleaned up, giving some areas an almost messy look. This didnt ruin my vacation but it didnt give the resort a real quality look or feel to it in my opinion. Much of the furnature was scratched, dented, or broke.I think as time goes on this resort will get better. Right now too many of the employees are new and don't really know whats going on. This really affects the service in the restaurants and in house keeping I think.Overall the resort was fair. I was expecting more than I recieved. There are many things to work on and I am sure in a few years it will be very nice.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Blue is Great!!       resort  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Maddietwo
<Content>Great Trip recommend Ocean Blue. Brand New!!! Very Clean, wonderful room, great place, bowling ally not open. I didn't go to Punta Cana to bowl anyway. Food was excellent except of the Mexican place (Margaritas) Dominican Place was the best of the best I've had! Will be five star some day, just a few minor kinks to work out.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funkybunch
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Wonderful Time We left for the dominican April 3rd to the 10th. We arrived and checked in, they served us some drinks and gave us a cold towel to wash our face with. It was very refreshing. They shuttled us down to our room in Villa 10, which we stayed in for one night only. It was on the first floor facing the market which was a horrible view. We didnt feel safe in that room so the following day, after a few trips up to the reception and getting the run-around multiple times(took the entire day) we finally got another room in villa 8, second floor with a pool view. It was much nicer with a king sized bed. It suited us perfect for the rest of the week. My suggestion if you are not happy with your room is to be consistant with your argument that your not happy and also be very patient as they are somewhat unorganized and it takes awhile to get what you want. The funny part was after we were getting situated in our new room, another couple came barging in because the reception actually double booked the room. Needless to say it was more funny then anything else. The room was beautiful with plenty of room. The tv has cnn, espn and a few movie channels, so if your just relaxing at night, there is usually a decent movie to watch. I'd recomment using the safe, you just program your own 4 digit code into it and use it all week, very easy to use. You need to put a room key into this reader on the wall in order to get power to your room. So you might need a third room key to keep the A/C on all day. The bathroom was very nice as well, except for the half glass door, which is a little awkward to get used to. You might get water all over the place more then once like we did. Wasnt that big a deal tho, just have an extra towel handy. Very good water pressure in the shower and the tub has jacuzzi jets which was relaxing as well. The resort grounds are very beautiful, there are always staff cleaning/cutting grass/painting/and tidying up around the pool. EVERYDAY around 7PM there is a little cart that goes around the resort spraying for bugs. At that time, make sure you have your sliding door closed and clothes/towels off of the balcony. The stuff really smells and I wouldnt want to be breathing it in. You can always hear the cart coming, its very loud. The maids will also remind you, they dont allow you to hand your wet towels over the balcony, my guess is it makes their resort look trashy. Just thought I'd let ya know ahead of time. The beach is very nice and so hot. The market is to the very left of the beach, with lots of vendors. They offer you insane prices at first like a piece of art this one guy offered me for 85, then I finally got him down to 25 so you can see that they just try to get as much out of you ALL THE TIME. Just for you, cheapy cheapy!!! Just watch yourself, they are very pushy. As for the restaurants, they all had pretty decent food. You have to make reservations with the consierge at your villa every morning between 8-10. They fill up fast, so try to be early. Also, if you want to get a good seat at the beach under some shade or at the pool under an umbrella, its a good idea to take your towels down when you make reservations early in the morning around 8 to get a seat. Everybody does it although in my opinion its not the most honest thing, but if you want some shade during the day, you better do it or you'll be sorry. The sun is VERY hot, so you'll burn very easily. I used 30 all day everyday and still ended up burning pretty good. The fun club were very fun if your interested in that kind of stuff. If not, you might find them a bit annoying, but they do their job well at making people have a good time. The play this one stupid song over and over again which gets annoying, but hopefully you'll get used to it. They always play games during the day and at night the winners have to go up on stage at the theatre to get your prize ( bottle of rum). Every night at 10 there is a show on at the theatre and they are pretty good. Lots of dancing and music... good shows!!! The bowling alley wasnt open yet (maybe another month) but everything else was. All in all we had a wonderful time at the Ocean Blue. I would definitely rate this a 4.5-5 star resort. They just need to work on being a bit more organized and quicker service, but it will come with time as it still is a fairly new resort. I hope you all find this review helpful. Enjoy your stay at the resort, Im positive you'll have a wonderful stay!!! ThanksMark (24)  Sarah (22)  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robinmwoolery
<Content>Good *** Resort We stayed at the Ocean Blue from April 2-April 8. We went with my parents and they stayed in Villa 7 on the Sands side and we were in Villa 3 on the Blue side. We started off in Villa 9, but there was a huge crack in the balcony door so they switched us to a different room right away. The resort was beautiful and the people very friendly. The biggest issue we had was it took two days and major disgust to get a new fridge in my parent's room. My father is an insulin dependent diabetic and needs to store his meds in the fridge, their's was barely cool. We spent 2 days trying to get someone to look at the fridge and when they did they said it was fixed, they did nothing. We promptly went to the front desk and demanded they replace the fridge with a working one. After a few other comments, they did just that. That fridge worked great. We had no other major issues after that. The language barrier can be frustrating, but we were able to get around that. Our room was always clean, with no problems. We ate at the Mexican, Dominican and beach restaurants and the buffet. They were all okay. We liked the a la carte restaurants better than the buffet. The pool was always clean and the beach was beautiful. I did find some glass more than once on the beach, but I just picked it up and threw it away.No problems with mosquitos in any place except the bathroom in the front lobby, they were either swarming in there or all over the ceiling. They did fumigate everynight, though. The fountains in the front and by the buffet had gone stagnant and smelled like sewage, but by Friday they were draining and cleaning those.When we first arrived, it wasn't too busy, but by Wednesday evening, they were starting to fill up.If a lot of walking is difficult, this is not the place to go. They do have a little bus that does a complete circle around the resort, but you have to watch and time it just right or you could wait up to 30 minutes for it to come back around.All in all, we had a nice time and if all we were after was beach time we would go again. By this time next year, they should be running smoothly and have all kinks worked out.For now I would give it ***, but it'll make it to 5 before you know it.We took a lot of pictures and I'll post those later.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent resort My husband and I stayed at Villa 6 at the Ocean Blue from March 28 to April 4, 2005. We were on the ground floor facing the pool. We had taken the VIP package with Signature Vacation and it was well worth it. (Look it up on their website and discover the extras!) We had hors d'oeuvres and a plate of fruit delivered in our room every day around 6:00. We ordered Champagne at no extra cost! Wonderful! We had preferred reservations at all the 脿 la carte restaurants through our concierge. We had the romantic dinner on the beach 2 nights, had dinner at the Italian and Dominican restaurants twice, and one night at the Mexican and the food was excellent everytime. We had lunch at the beach restaurant a few times, but preferred the variety of the buffet.On Thursday, March 31, the El Bodegon opened; it's a tapa restaurant and you must pay extra for your wine and for your tapas. There is no house wine available. We did not try it as we had already plans for dinner on the beach.We had room service for breakfast (the American breakfast for 2 was enough for 4!) and it came within 20 minutes. The food was hot and the fruit were fresh. Perfect! Coffee was even better than at the buffet.Wine is always served by the bottle, and not from a fountain, so you actually know what you are drinking. We had brand name liquors as well. The Presidente beer is very good. While we were there, a notice was delivered in our room that starting April 3, the reservations for the 脿 la carte restaurants could be made with the concierge at each villa from 8:00 to 10:00 each morning.As for language, we had absolutely no problem. We also speak a bit of Spanish, enough to get us by and for us this is a chance to learn the language and discover the people and the country. That's actually one of the reasons we choose to go to the Dominican Republic!The beach was wonderful, soft white sand and very safe swimming for kids and elderly. We did not encounter glass. We are beach people and had no problem finding a spot for shade on the beach (there's actually more shade on the beach than around the pools). There are lots of chairs either at the beach or the pools.As for activities, we cannot evaluate as we did not attend the shows but some people that we spoke to had a good time at the shows and the disco (yes! it's open).Around 10:00 there is some exercice on the beach, a mix of stretching, pilates and yoga. I enjoyed that very much. The exercise room was open and my husband went there 3 times during the week.At the end of the afternoon, at the pool close to the beach, there are games and dancing lessons. People have a good time.A souvernir shop is open, and sells the usual stuff, rum, t-shirts, cd's, paintings, clothing, bathing suits, wraps, etc. The rum is cheaper here than even after bargaining at the market on the beach!We have been to DR 4 times before in the last 2 years and have stayed in 5 star resorts, and we can honestly say that Ocean Sand/Blue is a 5 star resort and would return and recommend it to others as well.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time!! We stayed at the Ocean Sand/Blue Resort from the 17th-24th of March. Our vacation got off to a a slow start as we had some issues with our rooms. Checking in was very quick although when arriving to our room which was in villa 4 on the 3rd floor we discovered that we only had 1 bed for 3 people. CLearly this wasn't going to work so we asked the front desk to change rooms. That was fine, although are stuff was already in a differnt room and they took that room key back. To get our stuff out of the room was quite a hassle as the golf concierge couldn't inderstand what we were asking. Then he lost his golf cart keys, he started saying ay yi ay!!!!We helped him look for his key, ironically it was in my mother's carry on bag as he offered to carry it to the room that we were locked out of. So after we found the key, and spoke the limited spanish we knew, he went back to the front to get the key right away. So limited spanish is recommended. As this was the first of many incidents that it came in useful. We were also there when someone fell of the second floor balcony, we saw him later that night at the sports bar and he was doing good. However this isn't the only medical incident we saw or heard about. One girl fell of the trolly and broke her leg, another guy hit his head on the bottom of the pool and needed 5 stiches. Please note there are pool sign that state clearly not to dive or jump into the pool. All these people recieved great medical care for a price. All of the above stated incidents did not impact our vacation just made it very memorable. The service at this resort was over all fairly good. Depending on where you ate or the time of day you ate didn't matter the same workers were there morning til night. You start to make friends. Within the first couple of days the bartender Pedro in the lobby knew my dads name and what he drank. Luis at the beach bar made an excellent lime margarita and we visited him quite often. The resort in general is starting to become more complete. When we were there the Gift shop and Disco opened. Although when the gift shop opened it still wasn't fully done and each day my younger sister went to see the progression. By the time we left it was complete. They are working very hard night and day to finish this resort. Although there was this construction going on it was not very noticable. The disco was not very big but when we were there the hotel wasn't at capacity so it wasn't overcrowded. The animation crew hung out in there at night and i made a couple of friends. The a la carte restaurant reservations were not a problem for us as our dad got up early anyways. But for those of you who don't like waking up at 7 am this might be a problem. We ate at the Route 66, the Italian and the Mexican. Chicken wings at Route66 are amazing the rest of the food is pretty standard. Italian restaurant was very good except when we ordered bruschetta. We got something nothing remotely like it. The Mexican was really good too. We had really good service in all of the a la carte restaurants. But the last night we were there Our waiter at Route 66 was probably the best waiter i've ever seen. He was like magic as soon as you took your last sip of your drink he was there with a new one and knew exactly what everyone was drinking. The pools (there are 2 of them) are beautiful and huge although when we were there it was really hard to get a pool chair with an umbrella because people were leaving their stuff there from the night before to save spots. There were also daily activities at the pool closest to the beach. Aerobics and kids games at 11 and then they always had some sort of contest at around 3 which were always really entertaining. (MR. SEXY/ MS BIKINI ) The theater that put on a show every night at 10 pm was always entertaining as well Not that it was top grade entertainment, it was well put together WE enjoyed it. The weather there was beautiful and we all got a little burnt as a souviner from the week. Bring loads of sunscreen. However they do sell it in the gift shop for 6-12 dollars US of you need some. If you need a little internet fix or a portal to reality they do have an internet cafe which is 4 dollars for 15 minutes or 7 dollars for half an hour. Another great thing at this resort was they had a photographer that walked around with animals each day to take pictures and had them on display next to the internet cafe. We bought several as he actually is a very good photographer. Overall this family vacation will never be forgotten as we met lots of great people on vacation and also that worked there. Any Questions ....Feel free to contact me on my e-mail.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skiernj
<Content>Great vacation Don't pay a lot of attention to the negative comments, they are probably written by people who will complain no matter what. We stayed at the Ocean Blue from and 3/31-4/5 and had a great experience.Keep in mind that this is a new resort and there are things that need to get ironed out, however the people we spoke to didn't let minor issues get in the way of enjoying this beautiful place. My wife and I (early 30's) have traveled extensively and I would consider us both fairly high maintenance. We live in the NYC area and are used to a fast-paced life style where patience is a virtue. Still, we are sporty and well adjusted enough to accept that certain cultures operate with less urgency. The staff was a little slow and unorganized, but they were extremely friendly and courteous. As for those that are ignorant enough to complain about the fact that some of the staff don't speak English and that they only had 4-5 American鈥?TV channels, I suggest they vacation in the US (or take up Spanish). Neither the locals nor other tourists are interested in having them around anyway.We had some great meals and some less than average, as for the 7am restaurant booking, we usually booked at 9am (booking is open to 10am). The pools where fantastic, the beach was amazing and the property was beautiful, but could be more lush (still early stage). We enjoyed the bar in the beautiful lobby and stopped by the coffee shop every night after dinner. We didn't come for the night-life (the casino and the nightclub was usually pretty empty) but to relax, drink and eat. We met several other great couples with the same agenda and made some good friends during the trip.As for excursions I suggest the all day island trip (7am -7pm), the bus ride to the catamaran was a little long (2 hrs.), but it turned out to be a most memorable trip with snorkeling, sailing and lots of drinking. We will most definitely come back, even though we expect the prices will increase 30-40% when the resort is fully completed.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>reards
<Content>Not bad, but I was expecting much more. Overall, the resort was pretty good. There were some very good aspects of it, but I was disappointed in many others. We stayed at the resort from March 24th-31st, and were housed in Villa #7 (we were the first to stay in our room). The grounds have the potential to be very beautiful, but are not yet. The rooms were just ok in my opinion. This is the third all-inclusive hotel that I have stayed at, and I would rank the rooms second of the three. The room was spacious, but the construction looked to be thrown together. For example, there were gaps in our doorway to the outside that let bugs in, our deadbolt lock would not work, etc. The furniture looked to be very cheap (including the beds).The pool area is very big and nice, but there is a serious lack of shade/umbrellas. There are plenty of chairs, but you have to put towels down by 8:00 a.m. if you want an umbrella (and most people do need one, the sun is very intense). The beach is absolutely beautiful. The Punta Cana beaches were the nicest I have been to.The restaurants were a disappointment. Our meals ranged from very good to very bad. We had fish that was severely undercooked. We had ribs and chicken that were severely overcooked. We also had one or two meals that were very good. By the end of the trip we quit going to the ala carte restaurants due to several reasons. 1st, we did not like getting up at 7:00 to get in line to get a reservation (the last day we made one, my wife waited in line from 6:45 a.m. until 7:55 a.m.). 2nd, by the last two days, they had changed the way in which you make a reservation, but did not tell anyone. They decided to use the individual concierges at each villa to make reservations (a good idea). The problem is that our villa did not have a concierge so we went to the buffet to make them, only to find out that they did not take them anymore. 3rd, the food in the ala cartes was so unpredictable that we decided not to chance it. The food in the buffet was pretty good, and you can always try other things if you don't like something. Mike's Coffee House had good drinks and pretty good desserts.Everybody had said to go to talk to Sandra about vouchers for watersports, massages, etc. She told us, no to any vouchers. She said the resort was complete enough that they were not issuing them anymore. I think the resort should still be giving some compensation to the guests. The spa, bowling alley, and one restaurant is still not open.In our opinion, the resort does have a lot of potential, but I highly doubt we would ever go there again. For slightly more money, we have had two other all-inclusive vacations that were both better across the board. The only area in which I would say that this resort was the best would be the beach area.Feel free to e-mail me with any questions.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ocean blue: nice place to visit. returned on3/29/05. ocean blue,nice resort, however it is not a five star resort. in my opinion possibly a four star , or will be shortly. possibly one of the nicest resorts in the punta cana region. just dropping people off at their hotels, they did not appear to be as nice as the ocean blue. they need to find a better system to make reservations at the ala carte restaurants. getting in line at the buffet at 6.30 am. to reserve a table for that night is silly. this is the only place we have stayed at that we ever had to do this. just a note the sun is absolutely wicked , we used 30 sunblock and still got burned. also the deal about men wearing long pants to dinner is not the way it was. i was the only guy in long pants on several occassions. the gym opened on the last day we were there. also a small convenience store opened our first day there. the manatee park excursion was a nice day away from the blistering sun, and a nice break from the resort. the beaches are very beautiful , you can walk forever in either direction. the food is good in any of the restaurants including the buffets. the dominican people really know how to bake bread, outstanding. if lying around the pool, or beach is your deal then this is the place for you. we like to get off of the resort each day for a while, there are just not enough places to go, it just doesn't seem safe or sanitary . it is a very impoverished area. i am only giving my humble opion. with no malice intended to the dominican people. they actually are very nice people. the only problem was communication. i must say in conclusion, it was an enjoyable trip.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>OntarioCanada
<Content>Beautiful Country, Beautiful People We spent two weeks at the Ocean Blue (March 15-29th.) and were not disappointed at all. We did not have any children with us but there were many families with young children there and they all seemed to have a good time mingling. We went there for a bit of RR and that's exactly what we did....just vegged. We were there during spring break so there were a lot of teenagers there and for the most part, we hardly saw them except for during the day in and around the pools and they seemed to be having a great time. Yes, a lot of drinking was done but, apart from the guy who fell off his 2nd. floor balcony, everything was fine. (I saw him fall and the doctor was there in no time and the fellow was back a short while later-guess he was ok-hope so.) There was a lot of partying at night but the place is so big, it didn't bother people who were trying to sleep. I think teens in general get a bad rap today but I think most of them are great! My husband and I are far (very far, lol) from being teens and I enjoy having them around. As for the hotel itself, I had done my homework online and knew ahead of time what we could expect from the Ocean Blue. We knew what was open and what wasn't so there were no unpleasant surprises. When we first got there, registration was swift and we were off to our room on a chauffered golf cart and on the way we noticed that the place seemed deserted. However, that all changed within a day or two and the place was really busy. We were put into the back part of a building and were not too pleased, however, we were immediately given another room situated above the pool area in building #5. As others have said, the staff will go above and beyond to help you. The rooms are large, clean and inviting. All have a marble balcony and marble bathroom. (two sinks and a jacuzzi). A small fridge is stocked daily with soft drinks and bottled water, but no beer/alcohol unless you have purchased the deluxe package. The second week we were there, the Disco (for all ages), the Casino and small convenience shop opened. (ie: Bag of Lays Potato Chips = $5.00US, however nice quality tee shirt = $12.00US) You can purchase most things you might need but better to bring your own-quite expensive to buy there. Most of the restaurants were open by the time we left. The only drawback to the a la carte restaurants is that you have to line up about 6:30am - 7:00am in the buffet restaurant every morning to reserve for the same evening dinner. We did go to the Route 66 and the Mexican Restaurant but decided to stick with the buffet because we were there to relax, not get up at 6 am to make reservations. Anyway, I am sure the hotel will iron out these little inconveniences with time....they are still going thru some growing pains I guess. One of the best spots we found was Mike's Coffee Shop and every night we would go and have a cafe latte or mocha caramel - both to die for. The people who work in Mike's are some of the nicest people we have ever met - so, if you go in there, please remember that the workers try so hard to please us, and we have so much compared to them. They don't expect anything but are so grateful when there work is acknowledged with a little tip . Yes, tips are included in the all-inclusives however, this is a third world country and we all have so much compared to these people....they deserve so much more. If you go into Mikes, please give Jahaira a hug for me - she produced a birthday cake within minutes of me asking her. Another person worth mentioning, is Ivanova...she seats you at the breakfast and dinner buffet. You'll know her by her green eyes. She has a smile morning and evening and I would like to mention that all of the people in the dining room try so hard to make our stay a happy one. Oh boy, I've started to ramble....lol. Things you might want to bring: facecloths - munchies for your room - extra towels - your own soap if you have a preference, but there are small bars in your bathroom - there is shampoo, bath gel, mouthwash, emerg. toothbrush kit if needed, hairdryer, and a few other little things. Beds are very firm and pillows are quite a good size. Think I've gone on long enuf!!! If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at my email: -----  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cee
<Content>Our recent trip to the Ocean Blue               More photos  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>philip1
<Content>Ill We stayed at the Ocean Blue from March 10/ untill the 19. We were suppose to leave on the 17, But my wife ended up ill on the 17 and had to be hospitailized for an extremely bad case of gastrointestinal which she got from the hotel. She was extremely ill nad was not allowe to fly untill the 19th. While my wife was in the hospital, the hotel did not offer any help with transportation to and from the hospital, and they charged us for two extra nights. We also had to send our 3 children home alone on the 17 and had to have someone met them. After we went home our 17 year old daughter ended up sick as well and needed medicine. my wife missed 2 1/2 days of work, and my daughter missed 2 more days of school.My wife is just now getting back to herself.  We were extremeli disappointed in the way they dealth with us, we had taken every procaution, while there and did not leave the resort the only food comsumed was from their kitchens. Up unitll this occured we were having a nice vacation, things were not as advertised , we were vip but did not receive the extras as promised.  We were in villa 6 which was very nice, the maids did a great job keeping the rooms cleaned. Room service was extremly slow, it took 1 1/2 hours to get a piece of cake.In all honeslty if my wife and daughter had not both gotten ill from this resort we would not have complained.Instead of coming home relaxed, we are at home trying to make sure we get are money back for all the extra expenses we incurred.We would not go back only because of the treatment we received while my wife was ill.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Firsttime
<Content>Paradise at Ocean Blue Ocean Blue resort in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic is paradise. The ongoing contruction of this resort is an exciting preview of what's to come when it will be completed. Two huge pools complete with swim up bars. So many restaurants and bars to choose from you don't even need to leave this resort. The service was excellent. Staff went above and beyond to make your vacation a memorable one. The villa rooms were absolutley beautiful and contained everything you would ever want or need. The beach sat only a few feet from the second pool. Activities available everywhere for young and old. Casino, Disco, Theatre this resort has it all. I will definately return to Ocean Blue/Ocean Sands.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunnySideUp
<Content>Better than many and room to grow Just back from a 3/23-29 visit to OB. I prowled these pages before leaving, so I know the basic issues. We are a family of four with 4 and 7 year old boys. Casino, Sundry shop and Smoke shop opened while we were there. Only thing not open yet was spa, bowling and Chef's Table. The mini disco is an evolving animal, and is sometimes in the Theatre. It's not its own building. After being in Mexico, Jamaica, Puerto Rico and The Cayman's, I was only lured to the DR by my lack of forward planning and the deals on Cheapcaribbean. FOR ITS PRICE, this is a GREAT place. It has the best all-inclusive buffet food I have encountered in the Caribbean. The rooms are larger, cleaner and more modern (whirlpool tub, Dish Network, Fridge, Coffee Maker) than you will normally get at 2,3 or 4 times the price.Pools Fantastic! Booze Top Shelf! Presidente Beer is good and more under the counter if you ask.We arrived at Peak occupancy, so did not get our requested pool view room; but were moved 2 days later to a second floor corner unit in Villa 5. They are still tweaking the OB side with OS more to go. For those interested, the pool view rooms all have larger balconies than the outside view. OS get the morning sun pool view, and OB the afternoon sun pool view.I never experienced an alcohol misfunction regarding booze to kids nor heard of one, and we hung with the kid crowd. Yes they do have a bloody and mimosa bar at breakfast (Thank God!) and if you can't trust your kids with it, I can only assume you keep all your booze at home locked up in a safe.Although there is a lot of lounge chair saving going on early for prime spots (e.g. close to the bars and shade) there are enough for everybody between the pool and the beach.Beach is great - fine smooth sand and small waves thanks to the reefs. No glass on the beach that we found.On food again, the reservation only restuarants are a nice change of pace for atmosphere and personal service, but not consistently for food quality. Reservations can be had through your Villa rep if you have a VIP package, but not at the standard rate. Mexican and Dominican have live music, which is fun. Food quality is average. Mexican, Italian and Domincan were best, for us.Language is a huge barrier if you want it to be. We had zero problems or delays at check-in or out. You may have to ask more than once, but your requests are generally addressed.Weather was perfect the whole time - bring that big Block for the sun! Temps around 85 with a steady beeze makes the burn come fast if you don't watch out.As to the kids club, both our guys loved it. Just to take break and play board games or do puzzles or PS2. No the attendants didn't speak english - and I don't speak spanish, but after two days they were addressing my kids by name and were always attentive. It's not a place for organized activities, just a place to hang out away from the sun for awhile. It's not air-conditioned, but doesn't need to be with the breeze.We felt no security concerns. They were there, as they always are in Third Word resorts - but you aren't Supposed To See Them.WIFE'S COMMENTS: Hate the single ply toilet paper - Note, the public areas had two Ply paper. Lobby - Lovely - Just wish it was closer to the pools and rooms for a quicker respite. Loved the trolleys - My 7 year old son was able to ride back and forth on his own. Loved the sports bar for a change of pace as well. My older son had a great time with others his age playing pool and foosball. Never crowded, just a good hang out.Villa Concierges: Need to follow -up with them to ensure that your request was met. (room change, water sport vouchers,) Also, Some villas were sharing a concierge during our stay so ours was not always there. Reservations: Aldo was fabulous and got us our room change expeditiously. Kid's Club: Irene and Simarra were great with our boys - knew them , welcomed them and let them play! The activities: a great staff running the beach and pool activities. Note: the pool closer to the beach gets all of the activities, the other is the quiet pool. Pools: Fabulous and big. Need more umbrellas! I disliked the need to run our every morning to reserve a chair under an umbrella in a panic but boy was it worth it! Food: Fine, some things I wouldn't think of trying but other, more standard items, were good and plentiful. Loved our lunches and our one dinner at the rest. on the beach. Photographers with animals: Could not have been nicer! They were great at getting our kids to pose with a variety of animals - great memories.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 Star Hotel yet!!! We stayed at this resort the last week in February. As many others have written there were numerous problems including: pluming, poorly built furniture, slow service and lack of transportation to very far rooms from lobby and restaurants. The is staff very poorly trained, construction workers everywhere you looked including the restaurants. At our arrival after 3 PM it took 45 minutes to get us 2 rooms, we did not get an explanation as to what was going on. Most of the restaurants were still under construction and there is little to choose from at the ones that are open. Bottom line this place is not ready and should not be open for business yet.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>swinginsenior
<Content>lovely location, but..... My husband and I returned last night from a 6 day vacation at Ocean Blue. It is deceptively given 5 stars because it is not luxurious at all. It may be 4 stars some day when it is all finished and they have their act together. That said, I do want to say the place is delightful. (maybe equivilant to a nice Holiday Inn beach resort, but much, much bigger) There are 10- 3 story courtyard buildings without elevators, so be sure to request a first floor if you don't want to walk stairs. These buildings run along the edge of the property and in the middle are two gorgeous huge pools, several bars, a whirlpool and a couple of massage/hair braiding huts. Regarding the food, there are several restuarants as well as the main buffet. At this time, it is necessary to book reservations between 7-8am for evening meals and they won't let you book ahead. We only went to the Italian restaurant and found it to be ok--no where as good as our favorite little local place here in Orlando. The rest of the time we ate at the buffet or lunch sometimes at the beach buffet which is a delightful place sitting looking out at the beach.  There were people of all ages, but I must say, the families with children between 5 and 12 seemed to have the most fun. There are so many activities for those kids going all day and the parents can just chill while their kids are taken care of. We took an excursion which the tour advisor on property raved about and we 'bought in'. It was The Monster Truck Safari and it cost us almost $200 for the two of us. It was not worth it! Hours and hours of driving with the stops being very mundane--looking at some tropical fruit trees, visiting a one room school and always feeling sorry for the children who line the roads waiting for handouts, which, by the way, we were prepared for and had gone to a Dollar Store and purchased lots of chewing gum, hair goods and coloring books and crayons. My husband also brought along a couple of pair of gym shoes that were never comfortable on him. He gave them to our housekeeper for her family and she was thrilled.The only excursion that we heard really good things about was the Manattee Park/Swim with Dolphins--it is only about a 35 minute drive and everyone who did it, loved it.The casino is open now--some troubles with the slot machines not taking bills but they are trying hard to remedy it and everyone who works in there goes way overboard trying to make you happy. Also, the gift/sundry store is open and actually has reasonable prices. If you want to buy rum to bring home, buy it there--the price of $8 for Brugell is the best we saw it anywhere. Also, beware of buying cigars off-property--we did and then learned we had bought fakes---banana leaves. There is a very knowledgable man in the cigar store on property who will teach you all about them.If you walk to the shops on the hotel beach, I recommend the one called Aldi, about 6 down from the start--ask for Noel. He speaks good English and gave me fair prices. Speaking of English, it's worth purchasing and bringing a small English/Spanish phrase book--most of the hotel employees do not speak English, but they bend over backwards trying to please--if you can show them the words in the book, they understand.Bring extra camera batteries, film and lots of your favorite meds--Pepto Bismol, alka seltzer, cough drops, insect repellent (not too many bugs, but occassionally the mosquitoes bother you in your room). Lastly, be prepared to do a lot of walking although there is a small tram that circles the property all day. Often you can get where you want to be, before it arrives at your villa. Also, for optimum shade, walk through the inside courtyards of the villas. Can't say anything about entertainment; we never went. Long days in the sun and too much food, had us exhausted by 9 or 9:30 every night.My husband and I are very active 50's/ 60's, widly traveled and did de-stress, which was the purpose of the trip.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Vacation! Ocean Sand and Blue ResortMarch 2005 Just returned on Good Friday from Ocean Sand and Blue Resort in Punta Cana. Resort opened in November so it is very new and not all facilities are open but it didn鈥檛 bother us. This is really just one resort with two names and check-ins which share everything else.OUR REVIEW Booked thru Sell Off Vacations  Signature vacations. Both companies were fine to deal with. Package: Booked the Signature plus package and for this resort it was well worth it. Easily paid for itself and the ability to book restaurants days ahead and late check out through the concierge was worth the cost.FLIGHT: Flew Skyservice from Toronto. Great crew, decent food, typical charter. Not as tight as some other charters. Left on time arrived on time going and 1 hour late returning. RESORT: In short FANTASTIC. Very open feel and lots of room on the beach and around the pool. Would estimate the resort was 70-80% full by the time we left and it never seemed crowded.ROOM: Huge, extremely clean  lots of towels, stocked mini bar, lots of soaps, toilet paper, hot water etc. Room cleaned every day and towel swans on beds along with cheese tray and flowers. RESTAURANTS: Two of the Al a cartes not open yet but still 5 is more than most resorts. Ate at all al a cartes except Route 66 (American). Every one was good to excellent. Service still needs to be worked on a little but you get used to the pace. While we were there they only booked the restaurants to 50-70% capacity so they never seemed crowded. The coffee bar was a great place to relax after dinner with a dessert. GROUNDS: As a new resort there was not a lot of vegetation but still pretty. Great layout with a train to take you around if you were tired or just lazy. POOL: 2 huge freeform pools about 5 ft. deep nice water temp. not too cold, just refreshing. lots of lounge chairs, could use some more umbrellas for shade. Small kiddies wading pool, hot tub 2 pool bars meant they were not two crowded.BEACH: Incredible, huge deep sandy white sand beach with an area of coral reef meant the waves were not too big. Instead of palapas this resort had a four post frame structure with a heavy mesh screen over the top. It was perfect for us since we do not want full sun but still like some sun. They are not as pretty as the palapas but we thought they were great. People who like full shade would not like them. Our area of the beach seemed to have more seaweed than on either side but still an great beach. You could not walk to the end of the beach in either direction. SHOWS: Very limited but not a priority for us. The disco opened the night before we left and it was great if you love to dance. Only advice to management - keep the kids out. STAFF: Everyone we dealt with in bars, restaurants etc were very friendly and genuinely concerned about our having a good time. The staff are still relatively inexperienced but tried very hard. BARS: Lots of bars. Great lots of Presidente beer, premium liquors, cognac etc. but bartenders in many cases were inexperienced. This will improve with time. Bars were never crowded.Other: With Rock Climbing, trampoline, lots of water sports etc there was always something to do if you wanted (not us since we like to walk the beach and chill out). Some activities such as bowling, casino (opened the night we left) were not operating yet but will be soon. Overall: We had an incredible time. The resort will be a 5 star soon and would rate at 4.5 right now. Currently it is excellent value and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>CAN'T PUT IT IN WORDS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE Excellent THE BEST TRIP ANYONE COULD EVER GO ON i will put it in point form for faster reading i return on mar 24 i went for a week  restaurants-italian-very good,route66 us -very excellent food and service,mexican -nice place to be. food was pretty good(i am a picky eater tho)the buffets both excellent selection the beach buffet had fries hot dog and burger there,sport bar very very good drinks and top notch service but for older people it might be abit smoky and loud. mike coffee if you like starbucks here the place to be and also if you like bakery treats they have them there too.internet:there is one with 4 or 5 computer pricey but seemed to always be busy the store: it was very nice the prices in there was very reasonable the shopkeepers very friendy and spoke very well englishdisco opened during our trip very neat there are swings and waterfalls in this disco very nice pools very well taking care of very clean the beach :white warm sand and tons of beach what there to explain it's relaxingwatersports:banana boats try it! it was very funroom :very clean a couple ants in our room but what can you do weather :didn't rain once and no cloudy day it is windy there so you can't feel the sun on you as much so really load on the suntan lotion also we went to swim with the dolphins and it was a one in a lifetime thing to do we all enjoy it and the park we went to was nice to !!! try to fit it in also there was a trolley that went around the resort and took you around!!!! very nice to had  last but not least: the flight (skyservice) the plane was very tight but the great service help the flight be more enjoyable and it was worth the money we paid  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Little piece of heaven on earth I was Ocean Sand/Blue Beach and Golf Resort from March 18th to March 25th. From the moment we set foot on the resort my friend and I were absolutly delighted. It really is a little piece of Heaven on earth.Our room was great, and although the view was crappy - who cares??? How much time do you spend in there anyway???? The food was AMAZING!! With the 2 buffet restaurants (one on the beach open from lunch until 4pm), and 5 a la carte's open who could complain? The A la cartes features a Domincan, a Mexican, an Italian, a Carribean (beach buffet day/Carribean at night) and the American food fare of Route 66. In the first few days, it was super easy to get chairs around the pool and on the beach. Then by mid stay of our trip, this hotel opended up completely and was filled to capacity. Getting chairs in the shade around the pool became a little more difficult. The disco opened up while we were there, as well as a gift/supply shop. Everyday there was something new, and it was great to see. The casion actually looked to be ready to open, I believe they were just waiting for their Holy Week to be finished. Mike's Cafe is a must!!!! I thought for sure my last Latte would be at the airport in Montreal - hell no!!! Everyday at around 5pm, we headed to Mikes for a nice latte - such a great atmosphere there.One word of caution. If you are not an early riser, you may have problems booking an a la carte. When we left, it was still the process of booking at the main buffet for that evening - and the popular restaurants go very quickly. We were lucky to have been able to try all five during our stay.For those reviews which talk about cold pool water, bad service, and the pain of people not speaking english this is all I have to stay. 1) Pool water was perfect when we were there - what do you want, bath water? 2) Service not top notch, but give them credit for trying. In a new establishment such as this, there are going to be glitches. Learn to relax and just brush them off. 3) If people who visit our countries are expected to speak our language, why should it be any different when we visit theirs? They do make efforts, and FYI a smile goes a long way. It may take a little longer to communicate what you want, but if they are trying why can't you.This hotel was one of the better hotels my friend and I have been to. We usually stay at 4star hotels,......but we soon realized that perhaps paying a little extra for a 5star is well worth it.With the size of this resort, and for the amount of time it has been open I think I got the best deal ever !!!! I highly recommend this resort to anyone who just wants to relax and enjoy themselves.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cbeans
<Content>We Loved it! We returned from Ocean Blue on Friday March 25th. We had a great vacation. The resort is very very nice and clean. They cleaned the walk ways every day! Yes, its a new resort and they are still working on ironing out certain issues. Sandra is the main lady to visit for any issues and she listens and wants to hear what you have to say. The main issue is the staff needs to learn more English, and that will be addressed as time goes on. In the week we were there, the casino was being worked on and the amount of work they did in one week was amazing. The food in the buffet was great, even for vegetarians. Lots and lots of vegetables and rice and beans and the deserts are great. We didn't eat at the restaurants because you do have to get up between 7  8 to make reservations. That was kindof silly, but they are working on doing something about that also. We liked the buffet alot and had great meals.  The pool area is great. The only issue about the pool area is the lounge chairs are very uncomforable. You need a pad or something to sit on them. But, the pools are very large and the water is warm. They have activities thru the day, water aerobics that are fun and water polo. The beach is clean and the ocean is beautiful. One beach down you can take the snorkeling masks and actually snorkel and feed the fish and we loved that! There were lots of fish they love the bread. The ocean lounge chairs are comfortable and they have nice overhangs to get out of the sun. The weather was amazing. At least 80's every day and sunny and great. All in All we would go back to this very resort and we loved it even with the few things that need to be ironed out. The rooms are very nice and big and comfortable. The villa's are very nice. So, go and enjoy yourself!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>psugirl
<Content>Wonderful and Relaxing My boyfriend and I returned from the Ocean Blue on Mar. 27. We has a great vacation filled with sunshine, tasty drinks, and delicious food. New things were opening daily. For example, the disco, a couple of shops and casino opened while we were there. For the most part, the staff was very helpful. We experienced travel difficulties with US Air, which postponed our trip for a day. When we arrived at the hotel, and asked to extend our vacation to make up for that day, they were more than accomodating. The rooms were clean and stocked daily with bottled water and soda. We tipped about $3 dollars a day because when you feel the heat, and see how hard the cleaning staff works, you know they deserve it. You have to get up early to make dinner reservations at the restaurants. It is worth it though. Margarita's, La Casca, and La Brasca were all excellent. However, the buffet is also a good place to eat, with a variety of options. We played 9 holes of golf, which was a lot of fun, but very hot! We also went to the casino, took in the magic and flemenco show, kayaked, played beach volleyball, and took bikes into town to shop. The only thing we were disapointed with was the guest relations gal, Sandra. We were curious as to various activities to do off the island, and she pretty much discouraged us from any excursions, activities, etc. Also, while we were there, we were not able to do any motorized water sports because the Coast Guard had shut them down for some reason, which was not clear to us. I was weary of drinking the water they serve you at dinner. However, we did daily and had no health problems.All in all, it was a great vacation for relaxation. The staff was friendly...make sure to check out the bartender in the Overtime Sports Bar--quite entertaining! If you want sun, food, drinks, and time to spend with loved ones, this is definitely the place to be.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>covergirl
<Content>We love the Ocean Blue, a great place to unwind and relax We stayed at the OB March 21 - 28, we had a wonderful time. The room was perfect in Villa 4 overlooking the pool. The ala carte restaurants were very nice, but we preferred the buffet as there was so much variety. The entire staff was very friendly and accommodating at all times.We spent most of our time poolside or walking on the beach. It is very safe to walk on the beach during the day, there are many people walking or in the water. The ocean was very nice a beautiful turqouise blue. The weather was picture perfect everyday. The Casino opened up on Friday, it is very small but serves the purpose. They were running free transportation to the Princess Casino, but canceled it as soon the this one opened.There were activities to get involved with, but we just wanted to relax and that's exactly what we did.If you are looking to relax and unwind with no schedule to follow, then this is the place you want to be.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Vacation We stayed at the Ocean Blue from March 19-March 24. Overall we had a really good time, our main purpose of this vacation was to relax and enjoy our little girl (18 month old) and we did. They still need improvement in some areas like service, they are a little slow sometimes when you ask for something specially int the recepcion area, the staff that work by the pool are very friendly, they really try hard to please you in whatever way they can.When we got to the hotel we had an inconvinience because they did not have a room with a king size and a crib ready for us as I requested when I booked and even called 20 days prior our arrival and spoke with Virgilio Acosta in the reservation dept, we had to wait like 1 1/2 hr when they took us to a room it had 2 doble beds and no crib, I had to go back to the recepcion and told them that they had given me the wrong room, after I complaint with the supervisor about all the trouble, also I had a baby very tired, I just wanted to settle in...after all that they upgraded us to a deluxe or superior room that was in villa 6 with a pool and ocean view, which was very, very nice..The food was good, the 2 buffets were a lot better than the a La Carte Restaurants, for dinner reservation ..yes..you need to get up early in order to get a time...they should really work on this area, but like I said before we enjoyed more the buffets restaurants. My husband and I had 2 massages with a young lady by the name of Gladys, she was great, I strongly recommend her for that. The beach was beautiful, did not find any glass on the sand, the pools were clean, no complaints, the drinks we loved !..my favorite was banana-mama..very good !. The disco opened while we were there, we did not go, we were in bed by 10:00pm, we were super tired after been all day out on the sun, the bowling place and the casino were still closed, one shop was already opened but they were still working on the others. The language was not a problem for us since we are hispanics and speak fluent spanish, but they really try hard speaking in english. We did enjoy the place a lot and would like to go back again some day.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ocean Sands/Ocean Blue Resort We just returned yesterday from the Ocean Sands Resort and it was fabulous. Thisis a new resort . It opened in January and while a few things are not quiteready, the place is great. The buildings and rooms are clean, nicely furnishedand the bathrooms are all tiled. The design is attractive and very wellmaintained. There all always people working on the gardens. There are 3 a lacarte restaurants open and we found The Marguerita, La Casa and the Italianrestaurant to all serve excellent food. The buffet restaurant has lots ofvariety, the food is beautifully presented and excellent. Service is very goodand the staff are very accomodating. The 2 pools were fresh water, warm andthere were 2 swim up bars. The liquor served are the premium brand names. Thebeach is clean, white sand and you can walk for a as far as the eye can see ineither direction. There is security on the beach and in the villas day and nightbut there did not seem to be any need. The hotel is in a strip of resorts thatare for the tourists only. There are plenty of beach chairs at the pool and atthe beach. The casino will be open very shortly but there was another casino a 4minute shuttle bus ride away. The disco is open. There is a coffee house thatopens at 4pm every night and they serve coffees and tea and delicious desserts.We have travelled to many AI in the Carribbean and found this to be the best wehave stayed at. It is a 5 * hotel and when everything is finished it will befabulous and the price will proably increase next year. We had perfect weather.This was one of the best vacations we have had. Highly recommend the Ocean Blue.   | | | |  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>liza8402
<Content>Wonderful Vacation       Huts on Beach  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mimidenden
<Content>Too many construction issues, to much confusion! First let me say that this will be a 5 star Hotel someday, but it has a long way to go. We stayed from Feb 12th to 19th. 2 rooms for 4 of us. One of our rooms had no electricity for 18 hours (Room 6308), then when they finally fixed the problem, the toilet leaked all over the bathroom, then the shower would not drain so you had to stop before if spilled over. They fixed it, it did the same thing again the following day. No hot water in shower, yet for some reason the water in the Jaccuzi tub in the bathroom had piping hot water --Makes no sense to me. The rooms are not as plush as in the photo's either. The drapes are flimsy, the bedspreads are Kmart quality, most of the new furniture is chipped or put together very poorly. Rooms are extremely dark and not enough lights to brighten it up if you wanted to. And a caution to all traveling there. When they tell you to come to the lobby to check on your flight home, don't be so quick to take their word on it. They told us our US Air flight 788 was dealyed until 5:00 pm that evening and to go hang by the pool and grab a bite. We were dying to get back home after a week of calling maintenance and having rooms moved and their female Manager basically avoiding us after she changed our room, like it was our fault that the plumbing constantly was broken and the ceiling above us flooded our bathroom and hallway entrance to one of our rooms and loss of electricity for 18 hours. So saying our flight was delayed was the not doing it for us. We called US Air ourselves and guess what they said Your flight is NOT delayed it's on time, you better hurry and get to the airport. So if you are told your flight is cancelled, trust me, call yourselves. They unfortunately are being given wrong information to pass on to their guests. We later found out that many people missed their flight due to getting their info from the resort personnel. Oh and by the way Room 6202 in Villa 6, was worse than room 6308 but at least 6202 faces the pool and ocean, room 6308 faces the back of the next door hotel. Not a great view. And 6305 has no view at all if you are sitting down because instead of a railing they have a full black panell blocking all your view. Why they did this to several pool view rooms, I have no clue!!!Overall it's a 2. Someday a 5, but for now, its a 2, especially if you had the terrible luck we had. And to be honest everything was closed and it was BORING!! Absolutely nothing to do at the resort in the evening except drink in the lobby and watch a kiddy show and a one man solo act. Again, Boring!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>fireupthegrill
<Content>Worst resort ever We went there from feb 18-25th, 2005. We encountered so many problems you could write a book, not a review. We have filed a complaint, that is several pages long. The property should not have been open, they were not ready enough. What really gets me is the kids club staff do not speak english, nor do the front desk, concierege or anyone else for that matter. So if you complained they didnt understand. There were personal safety and health issues, structural issues, food safety issues and more. We have 3 small kids 4,6,8 and 2 of them were served alcohol by accident more than once. This nice hotel to put it loosely is situated between a spring break hotel and a flea market with wild dogs running around and even coming into the property to drink fresh water out of the pool. There is no security situated on the beach. They falsely advertised activities in the brochure that are not even at the property. This resort, will not have its act together anytime soon, maybe in a year or two.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time, wonderful employees, beautiful resort       Villa #5 our temporary home  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SeasonedTraveler612
<Content>Mixed Review I read all the reviews on this site before I chose to travel to Ocean Blue/Sands. I traveled as a single mother with a 16 yr. old daughter and 19 yr. old son. I was the only single parent in the resort--all couples and families. I paid for an oceanfront deluxe junior suite upgrade. We reached the hotel around 1 pm and they had no available rooms, however, we went to the main buffet dining room for lunch. I have to say the BEST thing in this resort was the food (and I am a degreed executive chef). When they took us to our room at exactly 3 pm, it was not a junior deluxe suite so they made us remain in that room for another half hour while they searched their computer for the correct room. The new room was a deluxe suite but was oceanview, not oceanfront, but very nice. There are only approx. 6 oceanfront rooms in the entire resort. We had two different mattresses on each of our queen sized beds, but both of them were rock hard. My son slept on the day bed which was equally as hard. We all had backaches the entire trip. Language is a real issue. 98% of their staff do not speak English! We tried to tell housekeeping that there were 3 of us in the room so we needed the day bed made up with sheets, pillow and blankets--it took them 3 days to finally understand, as well as towels. They kept leaving us 2 sets of towels only for the 1st three days. Paying for the deluxe suite was supposed to have included many extras--beach towels in the room, cigars, special meals, etc.--we got nothing. This is an all-inclusive which includes gratuities, yet every single staff member we ran into looked in our hand to see if there were some American bills waiting to be given to him/her--every single staff person. They expected to be tipped for everything they did. If there were 3 people who helped with your luggage, they all three expected to be tipped. There was even one male who counted the money that was given him. One employee at the pasta station in the main buffet dining hall asked my son to give him money. Any time we called the front desk for anything, we waited 20, sometimes 30 rings before someone answered. OJ was something you couldn't get if you went to breakfast after 9:30. BEWARE!!! There is no drinking age, so if you have children, they will be served any amount of alcohol they request at any time of the day! They even have a mimosa and bloody mary (with Stoli) station in the main dining hall every morning. ALSO BEWARE!!!! If you have a teen daughter, beware of the male staff that tries to lure them off the resort for a date. I had a 23 year old entertainment employee--native to the DR--try to talk my daughter into leaving the resort to go to a disco elsewhere--my daughter is 16!!!!!! I am a golfer and unfortunately there were no comments regarding golf at the resort. For you golfers, only 9 holes of the course have been completed. Ocean Blue/Sands guests get a discount. 9 holes $57; 18 holes $75. Caddies are optional and certainly not required if you are a seasoned golfer. The first 9 holes are quite nice. The flora and fauna are premature, but in a few years will be magnificent. BEWARE!!! Although the prices quoted above are in US $, by the time you get home, you will pay quite a bit more--somewhere in the exchange of the US $ to the Domincan peso. My charge account came in about $20 US more. For example, a pair of shorts I bought for $46 US, came in my statement as $75. Your concierge will have a golf brochure for packages to other courses on the island. If you are a seasoned golfer, take advantage of playing Playa Grande, Teeth of the Dog, Punta Cana and Dye Fore!! These are spectacular courses and well worth the discounted prices!!!! Each set of buildings (which they refer to as villas) has its own concierge desk managed by an individual (some can speak English well, others not) at the entrance. She is on duty from 8 am to 12 noon and 4 to 8 pm only. It is with her that you must make reservations for dinner in any restaurant other than the main buffet dining hall and all reservations must be made one day in advance and not before. For free massages too. Reservations must be made one day in advance and no more than one day in advance. A 30 minute massage was supposed to be included but the voucher only got you 20 minutes. And since there is a shortage of masseuses, if you don't book early in the day, you're out of luck. Every restaurant besides the main dining hall have a max of about 20 tables. When we went, they were not even close to capacity. I don't know how they will handle dining once they are running at full capacity. The main dining room is huge! The Dominican restaurant and Rt. 66 were exceptional. Las Brasas, the Mexican and Italian restaurants left some things to be desired. The other two restaurants are not yet completed. A going away surprise is a lobster dinner at Las Brasas which they don't tell you until the end of your trip. Unfortunately, they overcook all their food, and with good reason, but the lobster was so overcooked, it had the consistency of mashed potatoes. Still, it's a nice gesture on the hotel's part. I had read a lot of reviews on this site that there was a lot of broken glass on the beach. We did not find any on the resort property, however, we did find glass outside of the resort. We left the resort on March 16th. BEWARE!!! They still don't have any shops open so if you forget something at home, you won't be able to get it here. The fitness center is not open. The spa is not open. The casino is not open. The theater is not open. The only places that are open are the pool, the beach, the children's center, 5 restaurants. They have a climbing wall, but there is no one there. They have a trampoline but there is no one there. We were supposed to get all motorized sports for no charge since nothing else was available and no one could understand so we just stopped trying. They have two magnificent pools. I can't say enough about how beautiful, how enormous these were. If you're a pool lover, this is the place to be. If you like sax music, there is a sax player who plays every day for lunch at Las Brasas, which is actually not called that during the day, but the restaurant on the beach that serves lunch, there is a sax player that can hypnotize you with his music--utterly magnificent!!!!!! Bottled water everywhere--in all restaurants, at the beach, in your room. Please, please, please!!!! Drink it. My children and I did not go off the resort and drank the water out of a glass that was served at our table. My son got diarrhea the day before we left, I got it the day we left and my daughter got it the day after we left. We each had it for 5 days and all went to our doctors when we returned to the states--not fun. DRINK ONLY BOTTLED WATER!!!!!! Because this was a new resort and I paid for our trip knowing this, it didn't matter that the flora and fauna were not yet mature or in some areas even planted. It didn't even matter that not all the restaurants were completed. It did matter that they did not tell me the fitness center was not open--I am a distance runner and gym nut. I work out every day at home and didn't want my routine interrupted. Unfortunately it was and I couldn't do a thing except run around the resort a couple of times every day. I even did my chin ups on the shade apparatus at the beach for lack of a pull-up bar in a gym. And, by the way, the beach was magnificent--water, sand, beach chairs, palm trees, shade casitas. One other positive thing I wanted to point out was that the bathrooms in the junior deluxe suite were beautiful--comparable to any Four Seasons resort I have been to. We had no problems with hot water or water pressure as some earlier reviews had expressed. Overall, this was a really terrific resort, albeit premature--very premature. I would not return, but I would certainly recommend it at least once although I would caution you to wait a couple of years to give them time to perfect what it is they are trying to deliver and accomplish.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Work In Progress My wife and I just returned from a 5 night stay (3/17-3/22) at the Ocean Blue. This was our first trip to the DR and first stay at an all-inclusive. Overall, we had a great trip and enjoyed our stay at this resort. The short of it is this: if you're an easy-going person mainly looking for a nice beach and some RR for a few days, you'll like the Ocean Blue. However, if you think you'll mind an establishment that is still working out some kinks or if you鈥檙e looking for nightlife (e.g. casino, disco), you may want to look elsewhere. Below are some details from our trip. ArrivalWe booked through Turinter Travel and Cheap Caribbean. We located the Turinter booth at Punta Cana airport and were shuttled to the resort. The drive to the hotel took about 45 minutes.We were supposed to be staying at the Blue side of the resort. However, upon check-in, we were informed by the front desk that the resort was overbooked and that we will be staying at a 鈥渧ery nice room or suite鈥?at the Sand side. This concerned me because previous posts indicated that much of the Sand side was not yet complete. I asked whether our assigned building (bldg no. 8) was complete, and was assured by a representative and his supervisor (who supposedly went out to check the building himself) that the building was finished. The front desk鈥檚 assurances proved to be false. We were given a basic room and work was ongoing in the building throughout our stay. Most of the work was confined to finishing touches and didn't really bother us, but work crews were frequently roaming around. What did bother us, though, is that we were misled to cover up the resort鈥檚 occupancy shortage.Room/ResortOr standard room was nice. There was plenty of room and closet space for both of us, and the jacuzzi tub was a nice touch. We also had cable tv, although the options only consisted of a few Spanish channels and a handful of US networks (e.g. CNN, Cartoon Network, ESPN and a couple of movie channels). The room was well-maintained throughout our stay. However, we did leave the cleaning crew a daily tip (not sure how much this had to with the level of service we received). It's worth noting that we did see some insects in and around the bathroom. But they were tiny and there were few (to put this in perspective, they didn't really bother my wife too much, who gets pretty squeamish about bugs).The resort grounds are clean and are tended to throughout the day. I found the resort鈥檚 open layout very easy to navigate. It鈥檚 basically a large rectangle. The top is the main lobby/front and the bottom is the beach. The sides consist of the rooms (Blue on one side and Sand on the other). Within the rectangle, you鈥檒l find the restaurants and pools, all of which are easily accessible via a couple of walking paths. You can see most of the amenities from your balcony.StaffAs you probably gather from above, we aren't big fans of the front desk staff. They misled us about our room and the completion of our building. And the two times we asked anything of them, they were slow and/or unreceptive. I called four times about getting new batteries for our tv remote. Each time I was told someone would come within a few minutes. Nobody ever came. Also, on check-out we called the desk and were told someone would come help with our bags within five minutes. After about half an hour we carried our own bags down three flights and were only later assisted to the lobby by a staffer.Other than the people at the front desk staff, the service at the resort was very good. Mostly everyone was friendly and tried hard to make your stay pleasant. Some basic Spanish will help you, though, as many staff members speak little English. I hope they can keep up the service as the number of guests increases.FoodThe food at the buffets was decent but seemed to improve daily. The variety was good; the staff really tried to put out something for everyone. However, the food quality (particularly the veggies) was not 4-5 star quality. With that said, we never got sick and were generally able to find things we liked. One thing that did annoy us, though, is that the beach-area buffet constantly had flies around the fruits and vegetables. The staff also kept the veggies out for way too long - much of the fruit seemed to be going bad. We stopped going there after the second day, and found the main buffet to be a much better option.We ate at the three of the a la carte restaurants. The food and service at the Dominican restaurant was excellent. The food at the Mexican restaurant was also good, but the service was lacking (e.g. our waiter kept forgetting our drink orders). We didn't like the Italian restaurant, though. The staff really tried hard, but we found the food mediocre at best (and the free wine was pretty bad). The steakhouse was still under construction and we never ate at the Diner-style restaurant.*** One major problem with the restaurants is the reservation policy. You can only reserve same-day, and we were told that you had to do reserve between 7 and 8 am (at the main buffet) to ensure a spot. If you're an early-riser, this is a non-issue. I'm not. The idea of waking up at 7 am during my vacation holds no appeal whatsoever.The coffee shop was great. It had a good selection of tea, coffee and dessert, and a comfortable layout (akin to a nice starbucks).Beach and PoolsThe resort sits on a nice plot of Bavaro beach. The water is fairly calm and clean, and the grounds are well-maintained (I never saw any broken glass or debris around the beach). There are also plenty of beach chairs and canopies for guest use. We never had to reserve a spot. The beach area amenities included a volleyball court, bocce court, small beach soccer field, kids center, a trampoline (which was not yet open) and a climbing wall (not sure if this was open 鈥?I never saw anyone using it).We really enjoyed the two large pools at the resort (both with their own swim-up bars). Like at the beach, the pool-area had plenty of chairs but limited umbrellas for shade. I wasn鈥檛 impressed with the resort鈥檚 daily hour of motorized water sports. I was told at the activity center that the free motorized activities are limited to water-skiing (note: lessons are not included) and banana boat rides. Boat rides, sunset cruises, etc. are all extra.EntertainmentThe resort put on nightly shows. The performers were generally young and enthusiastic but these were not Vegas-style affairs. They tried to mix it up with different themes (e.g. one night was a magic show while another was a remake of West Side story), but the shows were often cheesy and a bit unorganized. But it was something to do and good for an occasional laugh.Aside from the shows, you could hang out at the main lobby bar (which sometimes had a sax player), the sports bar (which had one pool table and a foosball table) or the coffee shop. The casino was not open yet. Neither was the disco or the bowling alley. That didn't really bother us as we didn't come here to party. But if you're looking for nightly activities (e.g. dancing and gambling), wait until the resort is fully complete. Other amenities that were still unavailable (contrary to what we were told prior to our trip) were the spa, the shops and the health club. It seemed like the construction crews were working very hard, but many of these facilities appear far from completion.***Health: Check out the CDC website -------- for more info on the Malaria 鈥渙utbreak鈥?in the DR (there are reports that several tourists have been infected in recent months, including some that stayed in the Punta Cana area). On the way back to the airport, our Turinter bus rep tried to make light of the situation, suggesting that there is no Malaria problem in the DR and that the recent reports are fabrications created by Mexicans in hope of stealing a piece of the DR's tourism pie. Decide on the risks and necessary precautions for yourself. We used bug spray every night but still got plenty of mosquito bites.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Kathy056
<Content>Not finished yet! My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Sand and Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort in Punta Cana from March 10-15. We chose this resort because of the many and varied activities that were advertised on the Cheap Caribbean website. It is an understatement to say this resort is definitely NOT finished and still under construction. There was constant drilling, sawing, and painting, etc. into the evening hours. The following items/services were not available: no gift shops, no souvenir shops, no disco, no bowling alley, no gym, no spa. At the time we booked, we were promised the following items: fruit basket upon arrival, 1 complimentary dinner at Bucanero and El Bodegona (the restaurant is not even open), 30 minutes horseback riding (complimentary), 30 minute massage (complimentary), use of bicycles, and 3 Dominican cigars in the room. We received NONE of these items! When we arrived we had to switch rooms 4 times. The first room they put us in had planks going across the bathroom and was not even ready for guests. The second room had a broken safe and no telephone service. The third room had a huge crack in the sliding glass doors and the room was visibly dirty. They finally put us in a room on the first floor, that was barely acceptable. For a brand new resort our room had furniture with knobs missing, a jacuzzi that did not work, and there were little tears in the sofa fabric. The sofa was a Victorian fainting sofa--no back and very uncomfortable. The cable TV only provided CNN and movie channels--no regular programming. The first time we filled the jacuzzi, dirt and bugs were floating on the water. The beach is nice and there are plenty of chairs in the shade or out in the sun. Thank goodness we had nice weather, because there were no planned activities during the day and no activity director telling you what was going on. There were never a daily schedule posted in the main lobby, as is the custom in numerous all-inclusive resorts. The advertisement claimed that banana boat rides were included, but when I inquired I was told it was $6.00 per person. The best thing about this resort was the food--it was the one thing that was really good. The breakfast buffet was outstanding with fresh fried donuts, crepes, omelets, chocolate croissants, 6 different kinds of smoothies, and all the mimosas and bloody mary's you could make. The lunch and dinner buffets were also excellent with numerous choices at each meal. They always had 6 different kinds of pizzas and the pizza was made right there. The desserts and pastries were very good-6 different kinds of ice cream at lunch and dinner--rum raisen, pistachio, etc. The specialty restaurants were also very good. You have to make a reservation for these and you need to do it before 8:30 a.m., or they were filled up for the night. We tried the Caribbean, Mexican, and the Dominican. The service was good at all three and they gave you much stronger drinks at the specialty restuarants. There was also Mike's coffee bar which served expresso, capachino, fozen machadamia and hazlenut drinks, flavored coffees, and various pastries. This was a special treat, but it was only open from 4-12 p.m.  The theater shows at night were extremely amateur and we rarely stayed for any of them. The best entertainment they had was Domingo, the jazz sax player who played every night in the main lobby from 8-10 p.m. and also at the buffet by the beach at lunch time. He was excellent and we listened to him everyday. We never left the resort because the drive from the airport to the resort took us through much poverty. The bus guide told us that you must barter for anything you buy--no thanks, that's not for me.  The bartenders had no idea how to make the simplest of drinks. I asked for a kalua and cream and they had no idea what I was talking about. As long as you stuck to strawberry dacqueries or pina coladas you were safe because they had the drinks in big machines and all they had to do was add the rum. There was no bar menu, so you could not even ask for drinks that they may have known how to make. The drinks at the beach bars were the weakest--the main lobby bar was OK, and the specialty restaurants had the best drinks. The hot tubs in the pool were not hot--they bubbled cold water--that's not what they are supposed to be. If you had a garden view room, you got to look at concrete, garbage, and construction. Ask for a room with a pool view--they are much nicer. When this hotel is completed, it will be very nice. Right now, it is severely lacking in many areas. The beach and the food are the strong points. Most of the staff barely speaks any English. If you have a problem, they will say yes, OK, and do nothing. We had no washcloths or tissues in the room, and they only gave you two towels even though I asked for 3 each day (women need one for their hair!). Because of the construction going on, I feel this added to the insect problem. We had roaches and water beetles in the room, and the last night we came back from dinner to find a huge 3 inch spider sitting on my pants that I had left hanging over a chair. I got the guard to come in, but he spoke no English. He did kill it and said the spider was grande. Needless to say I got little sleep that last night. When they are totally up and running, it might be a 5 star resort, but right now it is barley a 3 star resort. If you just want to eat and relax on the beach, it is OK for that and not much else.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dlg
<Content>4 rooms in one day! We were the only ones who had to wait for our room, we got there after 45 minutes and they were still working on it. The door did not close, the phone did not work. We had all our clothes in the closet when we discovered this. They took us to another room(#2), the bathroom door was broken. The room #3 had only a bed, we wanted two. At 11:00 pm, we went to room #4, not as nice, the view was to the back. We were so tired we decided to stay. We loved the hotel, the restaurants and the people in Punta Cana; but they did not have the disco or shops open jet, and they need to learn to run a hotel.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sunshine9776
<Content>A Good NJ review! My boyfriend and I got back from a 6 day stay at the Ocean Blue on 3/16 and every dat was a beautiful weather!!! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and got out money鈥檚 worth! We met some nice folks while we were there鈥?shout out to Marc  Keri... and didn鈥檛 allow the little details and our lack of Spanish knowledge get in our way of a good time! Enjoy what鈥檚 there and don鈥檛 expect what鈥檚 not (Casino, Gym, Spa, Shops and Disco) and you will be pleased鈥?br/>The Beach: Clean, White Sand and Turquoise Water through which you could see straight to the ocean bottom. Absolutely beautiful beach with plenty of chairs provided by resort and no water shoes required to jump in the ocean! Some seaweed and coral鈥?no seashells. There were only a total of 5 grassy huts to lie under and you have to get to the beach before 9am to grab one for the day. (Needless to say, we never got one!) There were however, several shaded arch structures under which you can setup for the day at the beach and they were building more each day. The Pools: There were 2 huge, free-form pools with landscaped islands in the middle and each of them had their own swim-up, wet bars, fully loaded with frozen slushies to which you can add the liquor of your choice (Limon Frosties, Banana Mama and Strawberry Daquiri). There were plenty of pool chairs (although a little uncomfortable) and umbrellas to go around. The pools had built in chairs to the pool tiles (a little slippery), fountains, smaller side pools and they were each no more than 5 feet deep at the deepest point. There was a 鈥淏ubble Tub鈥?which is warmer than the big ones, but no鈥?it is not a Hot Tub 飦?The Hotel Rooms: The resort is new鈥?so yes, the room was definitely clean! It was however a little mildew-y in smell鈥?can鈥檛 do anything about that with the humidity. We had to request (again) the King Size Bed, but luckily were able to get one with a little help from our friend, Wellington, the Concierge at Villa 3. The pillows and bed were surprisingly comfortable and the drapes blocked out enough sun to sleep in a couple mornings. Each room has its own balcony and a HUGE jacuzzi tub for two - both which we took full advantage of. The bathroom has dual sinks and a hair dryer, but only half a shower door; Odd, but true. The Cable TV came with English-Speaking channels of MTV, TNT, CNN, USA and (much to my boyfriend鈥檚 joy) ESPN! The rooms do not have alarm clocks, but wake up calls are provided upon request. Also, each room has a safe which is user friendly and unless your batteries die, works well, too! The Bars: There were several bars; 1 in each pool, one in the lobby, one in the buffet restaurant by the beach, one on the beach, one in the main buffet restaurant and one in the Sports Bar up by the restaurants. At each bar, you can get whatever drink your heart desires鈥?just try explaining it in Spanish! The liquor consisted of good brands such as Stoli Vodka, Barcelo Rum (which kicks the Captain鈥檚 butt!) and Tangueray. You can even get Absolute if you鈥檙e really nice. I highly recommend Limon Frosties Con Vodka, 鈥淢atch Points鈥?at the Sports Bar and Rum  Cokes at the Lobby Bar. Good To Know Tips: 鈥ring a plastic/insulated mug for the beach/pool. I read this on a TripAdvisor review and it was a GREAT tip as the cups they serve at the bars are really small and this made our trips to the bar much fewer for refills. 鈥ou don鈥檛 need water shoes for the ocean.鈥ou don鈥檛 have to change your money. US Dollars are taken (and desired) everywhere you go.鈥?10 to get into DR - $20 to get out!鈥?20 per beach hotel towel they give you鈥?so keep an eyes on yours! 鈥lthough you may have requested a King Size bed鈥?apparently you need to reiterate this at check in. 鈥 La Carte restaurants are great, but you need to get up EARLY to make reservations 鈥?approximately 7:30am in order to get a good seating. La Brasa (Seafood) and La Casa (Dominican) are the best with the Italian close behind. Other than that, there was always great, fresh fruit to be enjoyed at the buffets and something that you can eat! Just stay away from the salad鈥?that鈥檚 the one thing we both got sick off of. 鈥ring Some Bug Spray鈥?And spray the entrances to your room. It helped tremendously!鈥f the maid happens to mop your room and doesn鈥檛 allow it to dry, all you have to do is put the Air Conditioning down to 15 degrees C and put the fan on high with your doors closed. The humidity makes it tough to dry at times, but this should work. 鈥haded huts are limited on the beach鈥?get there around 10am to get some shade for your hot days!鈥he Sax Player is everywhere鈥?get used to it!鈥ransportation to and from the airport is a good idea to arrange in advance! 鈥he activities are limited, but we were there for relaxation and that鈥檚 what we got! Apparently there is a free 20 minute massage offered about which we were never informed. Not too happy about that miscommunication鈥?and it would definitely had helped with the relaxation piece!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A long way to go I spent March 11 - 19th at Ocean Blue. I will not reiterate everything mentioned in previous reviews, but most of them are on the money. There where as many pro's as con's. I paid $1741.00 for 9 days (8 nights) with airfare from Charlotte. (Single Occupancy). I do feel that cheapcarribean was not honest about the resort. Remember, you get what you pay for..... But being dishonest and misstating amenities and services is not good business. For what I went for... The pool and beach, the resort was more than adequate. I am more disappointed with cheapcarribean. They have great deals but need to be more accurate on the info they provide on the resorts they represent. Even if I had known about all the resorts lacking I would still have gone, but it would have been nice to know. If you like, please let me know your thoughts. mab541c@yahoo.com  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Spiderwoman
<Content>Had a fabulous time! We just returned from our trip to Ocean Blue (march 12 to 19) and were really pleased with the resort overall. There were two families with two 10 year old girls and two 12 year old girls. We had upgraded to the VIP package for $99 per adult and it was well worth it. At the airport in Toronto, we had express check in while others watied up to one and a half hours. We got free drinks and head phones on the plane. We originally booked for the Ocean Sands but were placed in Villa 6 at Ocean Blue. It is the closest villa to the beach and pool and has conveniences not offered by the other villas. For example, other guests had to line up at 7 a.m. to book their a la carte restaurants. Our concierge booked us into a different one every night. We also had room service which we did not use. I saw people sitting on their balcony drinking champagne. Looked decadent but with the kids, we needed to go out to eat. We also had turn down service which was inconsistent. Some nights we had chocolates and our sheets turned down. Sometimes no service at all. Our rooms were close together and clean. We did ask for an extra lamp because we were missing one and it was dark. Never got it nor did we follow up. Same with the remote control and bath robes. Again, nothing to spoil our trip.We often got a fruit plate and clean towels in the evening. We received different colour wrist bands from the other guests and it appeared to be significant to the staff.The resort is the perfect size. You can walk from one end to the other in about 5 to 10 minutes depending on speed but there are carts that go around to give you rides. The grounds are very clean and they were continuing to add new palm trees in while we were there. At night at about 7 p.m., a truck would go around with foul smellling spray. We had to keep out of the way as we were not sure what it was. I did not see any mosquitoes but we all got bitten. Not seriously though and we did not use our bug spray. We all took chloroquine for the trip. We enjoyed all of the restaurants. There is a lot of variety at the breakfast and lunch buffets. Most of the food was very good although it would have helped if there was a sign telling you what you are eating. For people with food allergies, this is really important. You can have champagne and caesars at breakfast. There is also caviar and smoked salmon. We overheard a couple complain that the caviar was not premium quality. Who cares?The staff at the a la carte restaurants are very eager to please. We had the odd dish that was so-so but for the most part, the food was much better than expected. One fellow who we met from the US told us that the food was awful and we would lose weight. We would totally disagree. We had beef tenderloin at the beach grill one night which was amazing. One night we went to the dominican restaurant and we each had two orders of garllic shrimp, it was to die for. The kids loved the american restaurant and we went back a second time. They serve steak, ribs etc. Our least favourite was the mexican restaurant as far as food is concerned. But we had such a good time there, that the waiter brought out a bottle of tequila and did shots with us. The staff really enjoyed when people were having a good time. English is a barrier but there is usually someone around who can figure out what you want. We didn't care because I know at other resorts the staff can be surly. The staff at OB are very hard working and pleasant. We had heard that the kids club is no place to leave your children. Again, not our experience. Our kids went there a few times to get out of the sun. The young women there were very attentive and played games with them. We had no concerns for their safety at any time at the resort and we gave them some freedom as they stayed together. I did find glass on the beach as others have reported. I found 4 pieces on different days. You need to watch where you step or wear sandals. We all had minor stomach ailments but nothing that ruined the trip.You don't need to bring down large mugs. By March 17th, they had brought in plastic glasses for use around the pool. You could get any drink in a nice large glass. Make sure you ask for the name brand booze. Great long island ice teas. One previous review complained about the beer. The beer is really good. If you want domestic beer, stay home. Fabulous margaritas and cosmopolitans in the lobby. Champagne in the restaurants and the wine was very good. We preferred the red. They served the kids Shirley Temples but would not give them alcohol for us. (We agreed that was not appropriate). We never felt obligated to tip ever. Since service was exellent most of the time, we tipped for extra special stuff and were happy to do so. Most of the people who we met were having a really good time. You certainly could get extras if you ask. We never spoke to Sandra who is the services director because we were happy but if you are not happy, she appears to be the one who can fix things. We did notice that some people got dinner on the beach and had lobster, shrimp and crab. They set up tables right down by the water. ASK FOR THAT! We were told that it was the romance package but I think that if we had discovered it sooner, we could have gotten it. After dinner, there is very little happening except for the entertainment which is lame but okay. We were often tired and went back to our rooms with the kids. We did not miss the services that were not complete such as the bowling alley, casino or disco. We did do a safari trip but it was a long, hot bumpy trip. I would recommend it just for the sights that you get to see but take some gravol type medicine with you just in case. Several people asked us on the beach for the name of this resort. From the beach, it appears a lot less crowded and clean. My sister and her husband came to visit us and loved the place so much that they are planning to go next year. As they continue to work out the minor issues, this place will be one of the best in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>delsol
<Content>Give them a break, perfection takes time.. We just returned from Ocean Blue/Ocean Sand on the 16th. Overall we had a very enjoyable vacation. As far as the weather, pools and beach go...it doesn't get much better at any price. I'll admit the first couple of days we were pretty bored, mainly because we don't know how to relax. After we got used to sleeping, eating, hanging out at the pool, eating, listening to Domingo (the resident sax player), drinking at the pool, napping on the beach, drinking, eating, listening to Domingo, and sleeping we actually became quite good at it and in fact would love to do it again soon. I've read all the reviews and could agree with most..good and bad. I don't think I need to repeat anything that has already been said a dozen times. Sure they have some kinks that they are working on, but it didn't amount to anything that will mar my vacation memories. If you are a high maintenance type wait a few months to go. If you just want a relaxing vacation in a clean, safe environment don't waste another day thinking about it...go! (and take me with you!) If you have any specific questions, I'll be happy to answer them.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not for picky people.... my girlfriend and i just returned, our 6 day 5 night stay was wonderfull, but we are not picky people and understood that the resort was still under construction. the resort was as big as it was beautiful even with the spa, bowling alley/ arcade , casino and disco not running. the staff was excellent and always nice and eager to please, but the language barrier was alittle frustrating at times, so brush up on your spanish, since its their country anyway. you had to wake up early and make reservations around 7 am to get a choice of what you would like, eventhough some were not available all the time. we ate at the brasa witch is located on the beach, and the route 66. the brasa had a nice atmosphere, but the waiting staff seemed alittle confused at times. the food there was alright, some dishes were not explained well in the menu, so it was a guessing game. the route 66 was an american theme and had a menu accordingly. also was ok. we were told by some of the veteran dominican vacationers that there was really no great food in the carribean, mabey since we were used to our new jersey pizza and such. so the buffet was our safety net for most of our vacation. the beach and the pool were where we stayed most of the day and both were beautiful. we walked both ways on the beach and it seemed like ours was the nicest,, since it was open, airy, and had less people, which i dont think will be for long. i work in the construction field so i would estimate another 3 to 5 months until everything is complete, if your a layed back person and get a good deal dont let little details like these spoil a good time, i would defenitly go back but i dont think it will be in my budget by the time its complete.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not one complaint -- Loved it!       Ocean Blue Resort  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Risque
<Content>Yes and No My wife and I just returned from Ocean Blue, March 14. Arrived at the airport, bought entry cards for $10 each, filled them out, got through customs quickly. Took a taxi from the airport, $24, I made sure I got the fare first. Ride to hotel took about 30 min., there are lots of dump trucks on the road, taxis will pass anything, no matter what the oncoming traffic looks like. And sad, we saw horses along the road, one nearly got hit by a car that passed us as we slowed down for them. Got to the hotel, at check-in we were told that the room would not be ready until 3, but I expected that. I had asked for a pool-view room, but what we got was a room with a view of the hotel next door. 50% of the rooms are like that, on either side, balcony or patio, but no view, so consider yourself lucky if you get a nice view. The room was clean, good closet space, working jacuzzi tub in the bath. We had no trouble with hot water, by the way. The beds had cheap mattresses, and the lighting in the room was too dim for reading at night. Oddly enough, there was no information in the room about the hotel at all. We ate at the buffet every day, the restaurants are fully booked by 8 a.m. for that night. Buffet food was good, but not labeled, with nicely arranged stations to prevent crowding. Good coffee, too. The design of the hotel grounds is linear, and too Disneyesque for my taste. The pools are huge, so they do not feel crowded. The beach is as nice as any other hotel, but there is a lot of boat traffic, loud and smelly. Just to the left of the hotel are the beach vendor shacks, I would advise staying away - very aggressive, and I hate that they sell sea turtles that they have killed. Overall, the hotel service was good, but English is the foreign language here, and it can be hard to order certain drinks, food, and other things. Other hotels have things in writing that you can at least point to, but not here. There were several times when I wished I could speak fluent spanish. If you can book this hotel at a good price, you should be happy, and if you get up early enough to reserve a table, you can try the restaurants.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cartay
<Content>Ocean Blue We just returned from a week at the Ocean Blue/Sand Resort. We were in the Ocean Blue side Villa 4. During the week more units in Ocean Sand were open. The Resort is up and running but not at a 5 star level. The Resort needs quite alot of work. The Restaurants are very small and don't adequately service the amount of customers on the property. Book your dinners at the Buffet every morning or you won't get a sitting. The Buffet was adequate for breakfast and dinner, our kids had no problems finding something to eat. The lunch buffet on the beach is good, the guys liked the burgers. We all had some kind of stomach problems during the week, maybe the alcohol, sun or Booze!!Kids club is not anything special, mainly board games, coloring or video/movies. Supervision is lacking.Pools are wonderful, 2 swim up bars, safe for kids with gradual entry. Beach is beautiful, you can walk in both directions for a long way. We received Banana Boat rides everyday for free. Talk with Sandra at Guest Services to receive voucher.The staff is very friendly, they will try to help, but they lack training. Again try to remember that we our in their country so english is lacking. Try to use some spanish.Rooms are adequate, we had problems with a leaky bathroom ceiling, but that was adressed quickly.Overall our 3 families, 12 people had a great week, warm weather. We knew before we left that the property was not up and running so we took everything in stride. Have a great vacation.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>False Adversiting This is the letter we are sending to cheap carribean for a refund.This hotel is no where near ready for guests.The 鈥淏rand New Resort鈥?that you advertised is less than half complete. The buildings that were either under construction or not even started were: The Casino, The Spa, The Bowling Ally, The Theater, The Game Room, The Gift Shop, The Nightclub, The Disco, El Bodegon Restaurant and The Bucareno Restaurant. I have to admit that the Theater did open on the 8th, however the ramps did not have railings and I fell down the unlit steps as did others and the show was so bad that we had no choice but to leave. The Ocean Sand portion of the Resort was also still under construction which meant that the entire resort had saws and other construction sounds constantly. I guess it would have been easier to list the completed portions of the Resort. The amenities listed in your offer included these unavailable items: Archery, Beauty Salon, Shopping and Sauna. The horseback riding was available and my daughter made her reservation with the concierge who said that the departure was 3:30 for a half hour ride to the 鈥淩anch鈥?for an hour of riding and return at 5:30 to the Resort. The day she left, the tour guide put her and other guests on the van to the Ranch, upon arrival there was some confusion and my daughter and another couple were told to get back in the van and they were returned to the Resort without any explanation. Turned out that they needed to go to a different 鈥淩anch鈥?for some reason. The next day she attempted the trip again and actually made it to the correct Ranch, however when she did not return by 6:15, I had feared the worst and found someone who understood English to assist me. Seems the van never went back to pick them all up and they did not return until 7:00 which left the horseback riding trip on our bad memory list too. Although you may not be required to reveal that there had been at least 20 cases of Malaria from that area reported to the CDC at the time I booked, it would have been nice to know that at the time. The CDC was recommending anitimalarial medication be taken by anyone going into Punta Cana and we had to start taking it prior to the trip and continue for six weeks, which was also an added cost and concern that we had encountered. The additional services that we were billed for that we did not receive included: private check in and out, fresh fruit daily-served some days, gourmet dinner at the beach, complimentary dinners at Bucanero Seafood and El Bodegon鈥檚 restaurants which as stated previously were not built yet, 30 minutes of massage aromatherapy in a Spa that was not open and turn down service that happened one night. By the way, you didn鈥檛 include the cockroaches but they were there and we even had to endure insect spraying one day. In retrospect I do not know if we would have taken this trip if you had paid us to go.Also, the way they take reservations for dinner is outragous. Another hassle you don't need while on vacation.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth it to us My wife, eight-year-old son and I spent March 2-7 at the Ocean Blue and we all felt that this was a REAL vacation. This is my ninth or tenth trip to the Carib in the last 25 years, and Ocean Blue is by far the best digs I have encountered. I've spent more and gotten less elsewhere.We booked through cheapcaribbean.com and paid $700 each for five days ($600 for junior), including r/t air from New York. (Add another $300 or so for terrorism taxes and the like.) You can't beat that with stick. That said, as indicated on other reviews, this resort is new and not yet completed. You will be part of the shake-down cruise whether you like it or not. The biggest problems we had: A/C cooled the room too fast to allow for proper dehumidifying, so floors stayed wet for many hours after maids mopped them. On third day, toilet started leaking (fresh water part, not sewage part), and it took me a day to realize where the water was coming from. They had someone fixing it within five minutes of my reporting it, however.Complaints I gleaned from other guests: No bulbs in lights; no remote for TV; no batteries in remote when it was delivered. Numerous but minor irritations of that nature.More general complaints regarding incompleteness: Kids' Club was a small, hot cottage next to beach (no A/C) where activities consisted of two TVs equipped with video games. The single adult in attendance does not speak English and does not engage the kids--just makes sure they don't kill each other. My kid was happy there, but I was disappointed that there was nothing more diverting. Overall, not a big deal because I take him on vacation to spend time with him, not shunt him off to others, but don't go in the expectation that your kids will have a stimulating experience without you.Other lack: No shops of any kind. I had to hike into town (45 minutes on foot) to find a drug store before I realized that I could walk along the beach to other hotels (ten minutes) and use their commissaries.Language barrier is major--almost no one on staff speaks English fluently--but generally not a problem. They generally know what you want and give it to you. The concierge--Sandra, a young German woman--speaks perfect English (as well as French, Italian and Spanish), and she is a gem. Whatever they are paying her is not enough.Frankly, I didn't care that the casino was unfinished or that the bowling alley was not yet available or that the theater is still being built. Who goes to the Carib to bowl, anyway? Staged entertainment isn't my cup of tea either. I'd much rather spend my time eating, drinking, talking, reading or paddling in the water, and that's exactly what we did. And it was fine.Blue Ocean has the most outstanding archetecture of any hotel I've had the pleasure to experience. Ceilings soar overhead, decoration is tasteful, materials are costly, and there are always plenty of places to sit comfortably and relax. More specifically, the grand, open-sided reception area leads out to a big stone-paved plaza featuring a large water feature with fountains. Opposite from the reception area are the a-la-carte restaurants, each with its distinctive look. (You make reservations for these each morning in the buffet restaurant, La Tortuga, but be sure to get there by 8 a.m. if you want much of a choice.) The restaurants are theme-based representatons of Domenican, Northern Italian, Mexican and American cuisine, and were generally good-to-great. In addition, there's a coffee restaurant and a sports bar that stays open all night.As you pass the theme-restaurants on your left you come to La Tortuga, which serves every meal in buffet format. Again--soaring ceilings, comfortable seating, table cloths, linen napkins, excellent climate control. The food was much, much better than I was expecting, with a large variety and occasionally truly outstanding dishes. My favorite was beakfast, where I would gorge on crepes, fresh cantaloupe, smoked salmon on fresh-baked bread, eggs over easy and bacon. Mimosas and Bloody Marys are self-serve; coffee is served at table.Essentially, the Ocean Blue property is a long rectangle with reception at one end and the beach at the other. After you pass the restaurant area you come to the residential area, which consists of a series of villas on either side of the pool area. These pools, by the way, are two large, free-form water features with a space between for a large spa-pool (warm and bubbling). The pool water was cool but not cold, clean, and easy to get used to. Lots and lots of lounge chairs, shade if you want it, sun if you don't. Both of the large pools had swim-up bars, and one a stand-up bar as well. Bar staff was friendly and competent, and drinks are top shelf (Absolut, Stoly, Tanqueray, Beefeater, etc.).The villas look like a series of town houses, each one of which consists of a set of about eight such attached houses. Each one has different color, different cornice line, different ornamental iron--in all, a very pleasing Spanish Mediterranian look. Each villa actually consists of two parallel wings giving onto a central courtyard, open at both ends and the center. Each is three stories tall (no elevators), so keep this in mind if stairs are a problem for you. Each room is entered from a walkway that overlooks the courtyard, and has a balcony that looks either onto the pool area or the property next door. (I was in villa number 3, in a room overlooking the area just before the pools. Go left and you're fifty yards from the breakafast restaurant. Go right and you're fifty yards from the pool bar. Very convenient!)The rooms are quite spacious if not quite palatial. The queen-sized bed was very comfortable; the divan where little boy slept was rather stiff. The bathroom was gorgeous: marble floor, marble walls, double vanity, elegant fixtures, two-person jacuzzi and exceptional amenities. Minibar is stocked with bottled water, 7-up and Pepsi, and re-stocked every day at no charge. Coffee maker in room was convenient, but packaged coffee was so inferior to what they serve in the restaurants that it was worth the walk to the restaurants. (Small complaints: Only waste basket was in bathroom; lights were dim; no kleenex.) TV was large, cable service more than adequate. (TV not the main reason to be here anyway, though.)Balcony was narrow but comfy (I read here late at night often. Light was dim, but surprisingly adequate for reading.) Mosquitos were plentiful at night, but slow-moving, easy to swat and not esepcially aggressve. None of the three of us was bitten even once during the entire visit.The beach was fine, although the water had rather more seaweed than I would prefer. The climbing wall was never attended, and so was not open for my whole visit. (Let's see, would I rather climb a wall or have a free gin and tonic? Would I rather die or get l--d?) Depends what you're after, and what I was after was relaxation. The water sports activities are run by a German company that contracts with the hotel ownership group, and they seemed to be pretty competent. Scuba was a pretty big deal there, but I didn't participate. I did go on the snorkeling trip to the reef ($30 extra) and the parasailing ($45 for a ten minute ride in the air.) The snokeling was only fair: the water was somewhat murkey due to a recent storm, and it was obvious that the reef was dying from whatever it is that's killing reefs all over the Carib. If you stay still for a few moments you see plenty of fish, but they are far less numerous, and less varied, than what you'd see off the Yucatan, for instance. I loved the parasailing, but the roughness of the ride over (6 km from the hotel, by boat) scared the bee-jeesus out of my little boy and he dind't want to go flying after that. Well, maybe next year.Don't forget to ask the concierge for vouchers for the water sports. They don't volunteer the information that they are available, but they are there for the asking and it could save you a few bucks. (You get one free hour per day of motorized water sport, like a run on the banana boat.) So here's the net net: Ocean Blue has the bones of a five-star resort but has three-star functionality at a two-star price. Generally speaking, I found the food ranges from good, to very good, to sometimes to die for. I found all-inclusiveness to be a huge advantage (food can be very costly in the Carib because so much is imported), and very few cruises offer free top-shelf booze virtually 24/7. Very low anxiety level. Felt safe and secure while on hotel property. Service people were friendly, polite and dignified, although lack of English was sometimes inconvenient.On balance, I would not hesitate to return next year if I could do so at a comparable price.Adios!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sonya
<Content>We had a great time, it's beautiful! We just returned back to Ottawa, Ontario-March 8, 2005. We absolutely would recommend this soon to be 5 star resort! We knew the casino, bowling alley, disco, and shops were not completed.....but we got a great deal! The place is gorgeaus! The staff are very helpful and they are still working out a few minor things..but why complain, it was a deal of a life time! They put on nightly shows in the main lobby which is stunning. There are many staff always trying to help you out if you need anything! We had excellent staff, at times their english was poor, but so is our spanish-we managed. We enjoyed water skiiing, a banana boat ride, horseback riding, snorkeling, scuba diving in the pool-then in the ocean, catamaran ride-we saw hump back whales! It truly is a gorgeaus hotel and I would definitely go back! We also had a helicopter ride and daily massages! I would recommend going to this resort! It will be fabulous when it is completed.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beachcrazy
<Content>Nice vacation place We were at Ocean Sand/Blue Golf and Beach Resort from 25 February to 4 March 2005.Overall, our trip was enjoyable.The bus ride from the airport to the resort is about 45 minutes.When we arrived at the resort, there was no one the welcome us, no music, no drinks, no food. Only the check-in desk and Overtime Sport Bar were opened.The layout of the Hotel:On one side the Ocean Sand and the other side the Ocean Blue. In the front of the resort, two check-in/out desk (one for the Sand and one for the Blue) with the lobby in the middle.The bowling alley, the theatre, the spa/sport center, the casino, the disco, the shops and most of the restaurants (Mexican, Dominican, American, Italian, Wine cellar, Coffee shop) and the buffet restaurant are located in the front. Each building has it own architectural design and lot of details. It is like a small Walt Disney World Resort. Near the beach, there is the lunch buffet that become the Caribbean grill Restaurant at night.The kid club is located on the beach, which I found was very convenient if you want to check on your kid once in a while when they are at the Kid club.This is the trampoline and a Rock Climbing wall on the beach (near kid club)This is a Volleyball field on the beach.While we were there I think that they were installing soccer goal on the beach.Note: The Check-in/out on the Sand side, the theatre, the casino, the spa/sport center, the shops, the bowling alley, Wine cellar, Seafood restaurant (on the beach), the Internet center were not open when we are there.I think the theatre and the shops will be opening very soon, when we were there they were putting the finishing touch.As for the bowling alley, the spa/sport center, wine cellar and the casino, there is still a lot of work to be done. The Seafood restaurant is not even built yet.Room:We stayed in Ocean Blue in Villa 6 (the building nearest to the beach). We had a deluxe suite on the third floor, with very nice view of the ocean. The room was very nice and spacious with two queen comfortable beds, one sofa bed (for one person). The bathroom is very beautiful with floor and wall covered with marble. The bathtub (Jacuzzi) is separate from the shower (glass shower). Two sinks (very convenient). There is a hair dryer.In the room, there is a coffee maker, an iron board and an iron. Two Bathrobes and slippers. Two beach towels in your room. We were supposed to get the nightly turn down service every night, we only got it once. We were supposed to get 3 cigars, we did not get them. There is a few items that we were supposed to get as an upgrade package that we did not get, we did ask several time for compensation but did not get it.The mini-fridge contain bottle of water, Pepsi, diet Pepsi, Sprite. Our mini-fridge was supposed to contain beers, we only got two bottles of beers in our fridge while we were there and only because we ask for it (tree times) then we decide it was to annoying to always ask for it. I found that the floor in the room were not the clean, you could always find dusk on the floor. The bathroom was cleaned OK.The first night, our air conditioning was making noise, we complaint (to the villa concierge and to the travel representative) several times during the next day and they came to fix it. For the rest of the week it worked very well.The Cable TV is not that good we only had 4-5 channels (CNN, Cartoon TV).The 24 hours room service is very slow.The first day, the shower did not drained but the next day someone can to fix it. For the rest of the week it worked very well. We always had enough hot water for the four of us.Restaurants:Important:You do need to make reservation to eat at the restaurants. You can only make the reservation in the morning at the breakfast buffet and you do have to make it early. I think once the hotel will be fully operational and full, you will probably be limited to a certain number of reservations at the restaurants to give everybody a chance to try the restaurants.Buffet Restaurant:For breakfast, it was very good, there is a lot of choice (eggs the way you want them, meat, cheese, fruit, bread, 鈥? the pancakes are very good!For lunch, it was good, (pasta, hamburger, hot-dog, make our own salad, fish, chicken wigs, pizza,鈥?For supper, we did not eat there for supper, but we did take a look to see what they served and it looks pretty good. Good selection: pasta, meat, vegetable, and fish鈥?br/>The Italian RestaurantIt was good. Nice ambiance. The lasagne was goodThe Dominican RestaurantThis restaurant was our favourite.It is called 鈥淟a casa de mi abuela鈥?which mean 鈥淭he house of my grandmother鈥?and it is exactly what the restaurant looks like. There are swings on the balcony of the restaurant and inside the restaurant, it looks like you are eating in the dinning room of someone grandmother house (old picture on the wall, nice floor).The food is very good. Try all the soups, the boneless goat and the garlic shrimps.The Mexican 鈥淭he Margarita鈥?br/>The food is good.The Margarita drinks are very very very good!The taco Eldorado and Chiminanga are good.There is a little buffet in the middle of the restaurant where you can take appetizer.The Caribbean Grill (the night restaurant at the beach)The food was OK. The ambiance is very nice since you are eating by the beach.The American Restaurant (Route 66)This restaurant is decorated like in the 50鈥檚, with Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe, Jimmy Dean statues inside the restaurant, red set table.They do make a very very very good Cosmopolitan drink!The fettuccini Alfredo was very good.For appetizer, the baby BBQ ribs and chicken wigs were good.The ambiance is fun.Lunch buffet at the beachThey serve pretty much the same food as in the front buffet, maybe a little less choice but it nice to eat outside during the day.Coffee and Tea Shop (Mike鈥檚 coffee)Open from 16:00 to midnight.This is the place to come for coffee or tea and dessert after supper.Very good cheesecake, brownie, muffinsThis place looks like a 鈥淪econd Cup鈥?Overtime Sport Bar:24 hours.Where you can play pool, listen to loud music and order 24 hours food like hamburgers, hot-dog and fries.Overall, the service at the restaurant was pretty good. The man needs to wear long pants at the restaurants not at the buffet.There is air conditioning in all the restaurants except at the beach restaurant (open area).Activities at the resort:While you were there, there were not that many activities at the resort. Some mornings (not every morning), they were aquatic aerobic in the pool.One afternoon, someone give dance lesson by the pool.Everyday, Volleyball games were played on the beach.I saw some people taking scuba diving lesson in the pool.You can do banana boat ride, catamaran, water sky, kayak,鈥?br/>Kid club:Like I mentioned, the kid club is on the beach so it is convenient for the parents to check on the kids once in a while. They have a TV with a good selection of movies.A Play station 2 that my son loved!They do craft.There are kid鈥檚 bikes that you can borrow.At night, there is a mini-disco in the front lobby at 8:30 PM.The water in the pool is very nice and warm. The Jacuzzi water is very warm.The ocean water is very nice and warm and calm (no big waves).We had nice weather all week long, very hot during the day so you do want to get a swim and warm at night so you can wear that nice little dress or short. It rain one night after supper.At night, there is not that much to do. I met two young girl (mid-twenty) and they were very disappointed that the disco was not opened.They had some entertainment in the lobby some night but nothing worth seeing.If you want, you can get massages. There are two open tents by the pool.The beach is beautiful; there are a lot of beach chairs.While we were there only half of the rooms of the hotels was occupied, most on the Ocean Blue. In the middle of the week, they opened one building on the Ocean Sand.They were still working on the Honeymoon suite while we were there. There are almost complete and they will be very nice. The honeymoon suites are in Villa 6.Once this hotel is complete, I think it will be a very nice place for vacation. The rooms are nice, the food is good and the beach is beautiful.If you want any questions do not hesitate to ask and I will be happy to answer them.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>March Vacation at Blue We were are Ocean Blue from 2/28-3/7. First let me say we had a great time. The best part of the vacation was being able to get a lounge chair at the pool or beach at any time of the day. This was worth any aggravation we put up with. Now about the hotel. As someone else said; if you are picky or easily upset when things don't go exactly the way you want them to then this isn't the place to be. The resort isn't nearly finished and to me it looks like another 6 months before the casino, shops, several restaurants, bowling and disco are open. They had us believing that everything would be open except the bowling alley. Not even close. The rooms were ok but if you like to read you will find that the standard room is very dark and not enough light to do anything but watch tv but who spends that much time in the room?). There was plenty of hot water and it was reasonably clean. You did have to remind staff to refill coffee if you wanted it in the room. The couple we travelled with and my wife and i had a few problems. The main one was that neither couple had a working telephone. Although they said they would take care of it and we asked several times it never was fixed in the week we were there. On excursions i had to rely on my cell phone alarm for my wake up call. The other couple did ask for another lamp in the room and were told they would have it but that never happened either. Since we were in rooms next to each other not having the phone was a minor inconvienience (no room service for us though). The staffwere friendly but service was spottymainly due to language. They don't seem to have their systems down pat yet. It was difficult to get the drink you wanted because of the language issue. Often the strawbewrry daiquari came as a strawberry margarita. It didn't do any good to have them redo it because as hard as they tried they didn't understand. For the most part the drinks were good though. I've read that some people loved the food. I found it ok but not 5 star. The buffet lacked variety from day to day. There was always plenty to choose from but it got very repetitive. It really would have helped if the food had been labelled. We don't speak spanish so we couldn't ask what items were. The fruit and desserts were excellent. We tried 3 of the 5 restaurants and the food was good- service spotty. All in all it was a great trip as these things were minor and for the price it was as good as any other resort. The one area they should fix is there was no gift shop open for sundries at all. If you needed anything you had to leave the property.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>barrietraveler
<Content>Totally agree My husband and 3 kids went the week of Feb 5 to 12 and I have to agree with a poor rating- it was pretty and imagine it will be beautiful when it is complete- there is a very poor kids club - there was no activities for our children to do plus there wasn't any people there- 50 total- very very disappointed!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Very Pleased, Highly recommend to go We just came back March 1st, 2005. This Hotel was 5 weeks in service so they are still ramping up in terms of capacity and fine-tuning. 7 out of the 9 restaurants were open and were absolutely OUTSTANDING. We've been to many 5 star hotels and the food here is as good as the Best if not better. The coffee shop/CAFE is the real deal. All the Cappuccinos, espressos, Latt茅s etc you can drink...I love coffee and this place surpassed my expectations. The Pools were amazing, Very clean very big and you never seemed crowded. The bars were another unbelievable service. all the drinks are HIGH Quality Brand names, IE: Beefeater, Tanquary Gin, Red Label Jack Daniels etc. These premium drinks usually come at an additional cost in all-inclusive places but were all part of the all-inclusive. The Quality of the Rooms was also quite good, very clean, (we regularly tipped our cleaning staff so the place was spotless. Another surprise was that all the Bottled water you could drink was readily available, Pool bars, regularly stocked room mini bar etc. We went there to relax and not venture out of the resort so I can't comment on that. One thing we noted is that the volley ball area the sand was not screened and this is something they will need to get around to. As mentioned earlier this is their first 5 weeks in service so there are a few improvements which will need to get done. None of them very major. 1. Sand Screening near play area, Beech is very nice, Hotel lobby had mosquitoes in evening... (not really the hotel's fault, it's been a bad year in Punta Cana this year for mosquitoes due to the Hurricanes in 2004 so bring some DEET for the night. Entertainment was Hit and Miss, the SAX guy was really good, the rest was medium to poor but again it will take them a bit to get the right entertainment. Staff at the hotel really want to please you and always go the extra mile for you, that in itself is worth allot. Bottom line, we had a Fantastic time. I think this hotel is one of the better ones. One long-term concern is that when they are at full capacity services and resources may be stretched. Capacity is 650 rooms and when we went they were probably running at 300, so we basically had the run of the place. Highly recommended! Cheers!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Sunshine! My stay at the Ocean Blue was amazing! But beware, if you are a hard to please and frequently complaining person... don't bother! Staying at the Ocean Blue right now takes some patience and understanding. But the staff was amazing, very helpful, and caring. I speak Spanish, which made things a bit easier, but the staff are willing to lend a hand when needed. We had no problems with hot water, only problems with the key to our door, which was resolved, and massages given to us for our trouble. Once fully open, this will be the place to be. Myself and another single girlfriend went and had no problems finding things to do at night, we were taken by the staff to other establishments and shown the real Dominican Republic. Bachata is amazing... pool bars fantastic, and the staff always brought a smile to my face... Shouts out to Rubio at the Pool bar, Wellington and Nelson, the best Guest Services guys ever, as well as all the entertainment staff who went out of their way to make sure we had fun. The key here folks is to go with an open mind and a smile on your face, you won't be disappointed, and for the price, what can you ask for?  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marinam
<Content>Do not go Don't go. We just got back and they are totally screwed up. Clean is not how I would describe the rooms. My feet got dirty just walking around in the room and I had to wash them before I got into bed. Yuck. The service is sketchy. Some good, most confused. They can't understand English. If you aren't speaking spanish don't think they know what you are asking. They say Si, Senora and never deliver.Definite glass on the beach. Along with roots and stumps where they have recently cleared the jungle back. Every beach in punta cana is beautiful. Some are just more taken care of.Nothing is marked, such as pool depths, where anything is. Most of the plantings are dead or close to it. They never watered the stuff while we were there. I could go on and on - Oh yes, the massage guy is a ripoff artist. He'll tell you one day its $20 the next day $30 and the day after you pay approach you for $5 more for the services you had yesterday.Rebook while you can!!!Sewer smell upon exiting the lobby to go onto the property towards the rooms. Mosquitos in the room at night, came back with many bites.Rock climbing wall was ready, but there were chunks of concrete all over the ground under it. My kid wasn't going up there. Watersports were included. $30.00 each to snorkel. $45.00 to have someone sail the little boat for you. Banana boat $6.00 each for a painful ride (the driver was a sicko).All in all, rebook elsewhere or stay home - you'll have a better time.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Vacation Spot We just got back from a one week stay at the Ocean Blue. We had been told that the hotel was new but not that it was not completely finished, which was a bit of a surprise. When we arrived (at 10h30 at night) we were greated by a group of dancers and a Dominican band that played enchanting music. Check in was very quick and efficient. The lobby was amazing, they were still putting finishing touches in it (every day there was some new furniture or accessories). There was always (day and night) a staff member cleaning or polishing.Our room was in Villa 4, it was quite a large room and was very clean. There was a small plate of fruit awaiting us on our first night. Contrary to other reviews I read, we never had a water problem. There was always plenty of hot water regardless of what time of day it was. The bed was a king sized bed and was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was also a good sized bathroom and had double sinks, make-up mirror and hair dryer and plenty of amenities. There were still a few small finishing touches to be made to the room but they were very minor and did not realy bother us.We found the food good in most of the restaurants. The food in the Mexican restaurant was not that great and the night we were there the service was efficient but it took a long time for us to get our main course. Our favorite was The Casa (Dominican food). The first few days we were there, we were told to reserve for the restaurants with our building concierge, only problem was that the concierge was never to be found. This must have been a general problem because on the fourth day, reservations for the restaurants were made with an employee (always present) at the buffet restaurant. This turned out to a much more efficient system.Overall, the service in all the restaurants was excellent, the staff very efficient and always smiling.We were extremely disappointed that the disco was not open and we had not been advised of such. We are crazy about Latin dancing and were quite disappointed that we could not dance as much as we wanted to. We resolved this by going to the discos at other hotels but there are cover charges and taxis fares to pay ($6.00 US per trip). We were also able to dance a bit before the evening entertainment which was held in the lobby every evening. We thoroughly enjoyed the entertainment that was provided and the staff worked very hard to get clients to join in. The last night we were there they had a dance competition in which we participated (and won!). It was great fun.The entertainment staff really impressed me and the tried very hard to get the clients involved in the fun.The beach was very clean and there were alot of chairs available. Most of the staff spoke reasonable French or English and we had no problems communicating with them. They were actually quite eager to show us that they could speak either of these languages.We had a wonderful and relaxing week and have come back to Canada with some very fond memories of our stay. I have every intention of going back to the Ocean Blue every year for our winter vacation!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>myschief
<Content>Beautiful Place   showReview(3234462, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ramlu164
<Content>new jersey   showReview(3230210, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JanetH
<Content>Great time had   showReview(3226229, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dreamvacation
<Content>Relaxing and enjoyable               More photos  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place For Family   showReview(3181956, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Blue Is Top Shelf   showReview(3181416, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChickTrip
<Content>Ladies - Give your ego a message at Ocean Blue!   showReview(3177725, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A must Visit   showReview(3175190, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place!!   showReview(3162729, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sonia31
<Content>Beautiful Hotel   showReview(3101620, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jessipooh
<Content>Bien aim茅!   showReview(21603034, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>alnarosa
<Content>脿 recommander pour les familles des jeunes enfants !   showReview(21553475, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>VILLAGGIO MERAVIGLIOSO E PERSONALE DA SOGNO!!   showReview(17429797, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lucy_ange
<Content>Paradis ensoleill茅       Villa 9  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Alainjulie
<Content>Bien, mais il y a mieux...       plage  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>gerbillelelapin
<Content>H么tel tr猫s d茅cevant   showReview(15979106, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien sous tous rapports   showReview(15573340, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vieMontr
<Content>Tr猫s beau s卯te...tr猫s propre!   showReview(14663498, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>le_horla
<Content>Tres bel hotel avec peu d茅fauts       Depuis la piscine  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausgezeichnete Wahl   showReview(13981521, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'ai h芒te d'y retourner !!!   showReview(13197132, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sangrilla39
<Content>Superbe H么tel !!       Chambre Villa No.4  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cinq jours suffisent, une semaine est un peu longue   showReview(13197131, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>doctrith
<Content>Tr茅s bonne vacances!   showReview(11501437, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>soso101
<Content>Superbe s茅jour!       Vue de la chambre  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carolelulla
<Content>plus que moyen   showReview(10293910, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>domrilou
<Content>mais que fait le plombier       bord piscine  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	4	3	

<Author>di31
<Content>S茅jour inoubliable, hotel super   showReview(8602710, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Disney world...   showReview(11404395, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>asnbic
<Content>super   showReview(7390266, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jodanme
<Content>votage de noce inoubliable   showReview(6737617, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paco1
<Content>Un voyage de noce dans un endroit aphrodisiaque    showReview(5900789, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JULISSA_40
<Content>me encanto   showReview(4396239, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Eviter !       Chambre La d茅co !  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>remarque         
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pesadilla en el Ocean Blue   showReview(3702534, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>1	3	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

