<Author>jay3095
<Content>Watch out for Bedbugs For those of you booked this hotel on Priceline, please read the contract carefully, they will charge $20 per night for the parking. Also, stay away from room 221, it has bedbugs. I found 2 of them when I stayed there.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>sunbeam5
<Content>Great Hotel Great location, comfy rooms, excellent staff! We arrived from Sydney after a long flight and were greeted by very friendly reception staff. Whilst my friend was checking in we were given a map of the local area by the tour desk and told how to book any tours we might need. We had already booked our Universal Studios tour and it needed to be confirmed with the supplier which the Tour Desk was happy to do on our behalf even though we hadn't booked it there. The room was clean, very comfortable and we had plenty of space. The hotel is just up the road from The Highland Centre and Hollywood Boulevard, so a great location! We found the staff couldn't do enough for us. When they found out we were off to Universal Studios they gave us a map and suggestions of what to see there! A great hotel, highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SydneySally
<Content>great spot Great loaction, just a couple of minutes walk to Hollywood Boulevarde. Room was good and the hotel bar and restaurant was as well. Good value for money and nice people to deal with. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Mara86
<Content>Fabulous staff, hotel nice and clean We stayed here for 4 nights in October. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful (which unlike another reviewer states was not at all creepy or over the top). The hotel was very clean, we loved the 40's and 50's Hollywood style. Our room was pleasant, clean and comfortable. The restaurant was great- very good food and again friendly, nice and accommodating staff. The Hotel is in a good location for all the Hollywood sights such as the Walk of Fame etc. I don't think I will go back to Hollywood but if I do I would defiantly stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>traderelations
<Content>Rooms very nice, lobby a little tired I was shiftted to this hotel when the hotel next door was overbooked, so I was a little worried. the staff were very nice at check-in, but the lobby was a little tired, even though it's been recently renovated. The door behind the front desk was open to reveal some sort of utility room with broom/mops etc. clearly visible, and the carpet was held together with green duct tape where the seam had split. So I was very relieved to get to my room which has not been worn out since renovation. Very nice bed, linens, etc and very clean carpet. smallish bathroom, but fine. Road noise from the street, even though I'm on the top floor. But a good night's sleep nonetheless  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>Leaherbie
<Content>Perfect Base We stayed at this hotel for four nights and thought it was the perfect base for seeing Hollywood. It is near to the walk of fame (five minute walk away) and a short five minute drive to the hollywood sign. (If following your satnav don't settle for where it leaves you at the Hollywood sign, meander up the hills and keep looking and you can get much much nearer. There is a spot where you can park and take great pictures. The beaches are great too, Venice and Santa Monica. We hired bikes on both and had great fun. Venice beach wasn't what I expected though. It is full of beggers and odd people for want of a better word but don't let this put you off, it is beautiful down there. Back to the hotel. The staff are very friendly and are always there to help. It is clean and the rooms are large in size. The pool is a good size and the jacuzzi is great. It is red hot. We went down to the pool five or six times and it must have been quiet because we had it all to ourselves which was good.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Dolly018
<Content>Great base and friendly staff We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of October. The exterior of the hotel and lobby are all quite nice and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hall corridors were a bit shabby but the bedroom was clean and quite large. The pool area is quite small and unfortunately was only sunny in the mornings - by the time we had finished our sightseeing for the day there was no sun at all. We thought the hotel was in a good location for what we wanted - its only a 5 minute walk to the Hollywood  Highland centre and the walk of fame etc. There is a liquor store, subway and starbucks across the street. The hotel is only up the road from the Hollywood Bowl which does make the area very busy when there is an event on. We didn't test the hotels restaurant or bar area so can't comment on those.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>smoovy
<Content>Facelift Hotel...But the Beauty is Only Skin-Deep The Hollywood Heights Hotel is a lot the people of Hollywood. It looks great on the outside...but still has some problems on the inside.This is a former Holiday Inn. The public areas have had a significant facelift. The lobby is small, but nicely designed. The restaurant and lounge are equally nice. The pool is comfortable, although the hottub was cold.But a hotel is only as good as the comfort of the rooms...and these rooms are rough at best. The beds are small and the pillows are lumpy. The air conditioner in our room had two settings COLD and HOT. If we turned it on at night, we froze all night. If we turned it off, we were hot.Nevertheless, for the price we paid, I thought it was an OK place. You can beat the location, and the staff were helpful. Parking is a relative bargain at $20/night.The restaurant and Lounge, however are NOT bargains. They wanted $5 for a small togo cup of drip coffee...instead I went to the starbucks just across the street.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>northlock
<Content>Not a 3 star hotel This is not a 3 star hotel. Its feels and looks like a glorified best western with minor perks. So its really a 2.5. I believe it used to be a Holiday Inn thats been revamped and Holiday Inns are not 3 star hotels. It feels like a gimmick staying here the moment I layed my eyes on it to when I went towards my room through best westernish hallways and into my room with paperthin walls and a couple of overprice aquafina bottles near my bed. No WIFI access and internet was slow.Oh about the aquafina. Im the frugal type of person who would sneak food into theatres, never buy food at theme parks, much less eat/drink anything placed in hotel rooms that are outrageously overpriced. And what do you know, I got charged 2.50 incidental for a bottle of water which I never even touched. The hotel told me housekeeping said I drank a bottle which I thought was very shady and expected from these type of LA housekeepers if you know what I mean. I continued to dispute it and they credited back my 2.50 saying in the future that is 2.5 for a bottle of aquafina. Oh thanks, like I didnt know. I would have disputed it my CC if it came to that because I dont give in to such scams. My advice is be careful of these housekeepers since the hotel doesnt have lockboxes and get cleared of incidentals BEFORE you check out.Oh, if you go into the opened 24 hours a day so called exercise room, they have an arrowhead spring water dispenser that is FREE to USE..........  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>russyd
<Content>very good hotel Everything that we wanted and more, staff were very attentive and room was clean and well presented. Good location too. Thanks  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stanjnr
<Content>Basic hotel, not as expected, no transfers I booked this hotel when it was the holiday inn, booked this one because of its location and free transfer to Universal Studios.Found out by accident that the hotel had changed its name a week before our stay, only because I had gone online to check directions. Had to contact the hotel to see if my booking was still valid.When we turned up, the lobby is quite impressive, modern decor, but this doesn't extend to the accommodation floors, when the doors of the lifts open, you see they haven't upgraded all of the hotel.The rooms are basic, only a rail for your clothes, no doors to make the rail a wardrobe. We had a room at the front of the hotel and the road noise was very loud.We put the air conditioning on to heat, and the burning dust set the smoke alarm off!The swimming pool is nice, but the terraces don't get sun all day, a lot of shade caused by the surrounding trees, so we had to keep bed hopping to follow the sun, but went in early afternoon when the whole terrace was shaded.The free transfer to Universal Studios didn't carry over from Holiday Inn to Hollywood Heights, so we had to make out own way to Universal, took the tube, was only one stop away.Didn't feel safe walking the streets to the hotel at night, didn't like the whole Hollywood area at all, after having been in New York, San Francisco, Anaheim and San Diego before arriving in LA, what was supposed to be a bit of glamour for the end of a really special holiday was a real let down.Staff made me feel uneasy, especially the concierge who was so keen to sell us tickets, asked 20 questions every morning as to what we were planning for our day.Would NOT stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Vee888
<Content>Great Location!       Walk of Fame  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>ddsandy
<Content>Wonderful find! Booked this while it was the Holiday Inn Walk of Fame-am a little hinky about Holiday Inns, but this was closest to what we wanted to see. Was pleasantly surprised. Room was immaculate, only issue was a window that did not close properly-we fixed that ourselves. The beds were comfy, and the linens wonderful. Water pressure was great, Only knock was that the resturant was very pricey for what you got, but that's the case all over LA. There is a Starbucks close by, so that worked for us. The hotel charges $20 per day for valet parking. The Kodak Theatre and Walk of Fame, as well as Grauman's are all a short walk away. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>stwauk
<Content>Great Location, noisy room We had to book into this hotel at 1:00am in the early hours of the morning when we were let down by our booking at another hotel. The check in procedure was very efficient and the hotel appeared to look shabby in places but trendy and clean in others. The biggest let down was the noise from the road below. The room on the fifth floor over looked North Highland Avenue and was fitted with single glazed widow鈥檚 which appeared to have small gaps in them. Admittedly it was a Saturday night \ Sunday morning and the roads were still busy but after a six hour flight all we wanted to do was sleep which we didn鈥檛 manage all night. Reception seemed surprised by our comments the following morning so perhaps there are only a few rooms that suffer with this problem? Be aware though.It was enough for us not to extend our stay for the duration of the trip in L.A.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>nightengaleMd
<Content>Centrally located for sight-seeing Hollywood, studios,  Undergoing rennovations from Holiday Inn to a new name  owner. Floor hallways muggy  pending carpet changes but room comfort fine but again pending carpets upgrades. Fantastic bed comfort/linens. Otherwise, best location for sightseeing by foot to the Hollywood Ave for Walk of Fame, Chinese Theater, etc, a great draw for evening entertainment especially with teens. Also within walking distance of Hollywood Bowl outdoor concerts. And centrally located for driving to studio tours, Beverly HIlls, Farmers Market,  Mullholland Dr (great birds-eye view of LA). Concierge very friendly  helpful welcoming you home every night. Breakfast meal not included as previously under Holiday Inn, but IHOP  other restaurants nearby by car. Otherwise nice stay, glad we got the pool side room per previous suggested comments for quieter stay.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveler2463
<Content>Superb Staff and Lovely Hotel We just returned from 10 days in California and this hotel was one of the hightlights of our trip. The staff was so nice and so attentive that we are still talking about them. It is in a great location just a couple of blocks from the Walk of Fame and all the usual Hollywood attractions. The pool was beatuful and the hot tub was awesome!! We ended up leaving items there and came back later in the week, the staff was so excited to help us and return our belongings. I would definately stay here again.The surrounding neighborhood is rather run down but it is old Hollywood and that should be expected. We went down to the Walk late and night and felt very safe.The pictures provided represent the hotel when it was a standard Holiday Inn. We booked through the Holiday Inn website and were surprised by the decor. The hotel is designed around the 40's and 50's movie genre with lots of art deco flair. The rooms were spotless and every need attended. If I had to come up with a complaint it was the lack of a business center with free printer. You can print boarding passes for free but we had a list of California sights that we needed to program our GPS and it would have cost $5.99 to sign on the computer and print those.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Boomerish
<Content>Centrally located, but a crowded, depressing neighborhood. Centrally located, yes. But the trade off is ridiculous congestion. Stay here only if you want to spend an hour traveling six blocks up Highland Ave. on a Saturday night when the Hollywood Bowl is getting out and the crazies are just getting started on Hollywood Blvd. and Sunset. Stay here only if you think you absolutely must see the overcrowded, run-down sites in the 'hood or some made up red carpet occasion. (The day-time Emmys had traffic backed up when we were there.) The area is extremely depressing overall. The hotel itself if fine -- if you get a deal. We ended up here for under $100 from a Hotwire offer. Forewarned by the previous reviews, I asked for and got a very quiet room on the top floor, end of hall, pool side. No problems with noise at all. Rooms are very motelish but clean. Didn't use the pool but it looked fine. Elevator slooowww and dirty. Staff very nice from the check in to housekeeping and the parking lot attendant. Be warned: Parking is $20 a day and it is outside so you car is like a furnace on a hot day. Also, going North on Highland you can rarely turn left into the lot. You have to go up a block, turn right into a turn around and come back down the hill. Don't miss Musso and Frank restaurant in the hood -- sit at the counter and enjoy the old-timey atmosphere.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>PWF06
<Content>Great Location! We visited the Holiday Inn Walk of Fame in February, we were there for Oscar weekend and although the weather wasn't very good, the service made up for it. The staff were all very attentive and friendly. There was a power outage on Oscar Sunday, however, the staff did what they could to accomodate all the guests.Clean, spacious rooms, friendly staff, amazing location - a short walk to the Kodak Theatre and all other Hollywood attractions.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Carolinaferreira
<Content>Very Good Location Free cable internet. Breakfast is expensive. 20$ for the outdoor valet parking per day. Wonderful location, near highways and 5 minutes walking from walk of fame. Safe area. The concierge is perfect; the 4 hour LA tour is very good and the shopping mall he recommended were great.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Watthe
<Content>Great Location The Hotel was in a great location for the Walk of Fame, Chinese Theatre, Hollywood Bowl  Universal Studios. We were there 2 nights, the staff were very friendly  helpful. The restaurant was good, we ate Breakfast (included in room price)  dinner there. The free shuttle to Universal was very handy. Would stay there if I was ever in Hollywood again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bazzaman1
<Content>friendly and helpful staff myself and my husband stayed there for 6 nights .Our room overlooked the pool but the view was hazy as the windows were very dirty.The rooms were very noisy at night with a lot of teenagers banging doors, it was so bad on the last night that i was tempted to call reception,but stuck it out as i knew i wouldnt get anywhere with complaining. Water was off for one day of which we were advised of but we were not told that an army of plumbers would be coming into our room.As i was sick on the day and in bed they gained entry with my husbands consent. i soon told them to leave,within ten minutes they were knocking again to gain entry,what a cheek.after another hour reception rang to see what time they could gain entry,Itold her i had already complained to reception about it she was head receptionist and didnt know anything about it.a breakdown in communication somewhere,i had asked for a concession on my bill. when paying the bill i had to ask agai they took50 dollors off. The night before we left tried to print out 2 boarding passes but no ink in printer the man at reception tried to helpbut we still had to go to the airport with no boarding passes.this is slack ,Its not the best hotel ive stayed inn. the position is good but thats all ,staff are friendly but its too expensive 179 dollors and tax extra per night we came from vegas and got a lot nicer hotel for one third the price, think before you book.a lot of noise from the roomsTeresa, Ireland  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	2	1	

<Author>e_hz
<Content>Self Park Valet, and Cold Shoulder at the Desk I decided to roll the dice on this trip. Trying to save a few $'s didn't pay off here. I had to find a place to stay in LA , and my budget was tighter than usual, so I booked the 3 star, instead of the 4 star. I've learned over the years that the star ratings are one of the most inaccurate bellwethers in existence... this is a perfect case in point. The only parking option is Valet which is really a self park, with no bag help(human or cart) up to the obstacle course entry way. This will cost you $20 a day. If you book online, but not through them, you get the pleasure of being told that despite your prepaid reservation, there are no normal rooms to be had. The wheelchair accessible room will have to suffice, because you've prepaid.Then you see the room's condition, view, and noise level. To put it nicely, the room had a nice looking bed, surrounded by dirt trashed furnishings. Take the bed away and you've got a room with half working lights, broken fixtures and a window that looks out onto a giant ashtray. To top it off, there is no shortage of reminders that despite the view of the butts, this is a smoke free hotel! Skip it unless you pay less than $50 and don't have a car with you.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Beachkidboy
<Content>Great Hollywood location - won't bust your wallet I don't have a car and live here in LA. From the Red Line Metro stop at Hollywood  Highland it's a brief couple of minutes walk up Highland. A nice indoor hotel with on-site pool and restaurant. Almost next door up Highland is the Hollywood Bowl and down Highland is the heart of Hollywood (Hollywood  Highland complex including the Kodak Theatre), Chinese Theatre, Jimmy Kimmel studio, El Capitan Theatre, the historic Roosevelt Hotel, the Knitting Factory, etc... A few blocks further is the Cinerama Dome, Pantages, Egyptian, Musso  Frank's Grill and much much more. This is my favorite place to stay when I am in this area. (There is also a Best Western right next door and a Comfort Suits directly across the street). If I had the money the Roosevelt or the Radisson, part of the Hllywd/Hghlnd complex would be great, but I'm here to see or attend an event, not relish on the hotel. While there is some constant noise on Highland Ave it never has distracted me. On-site pool and restaurant, however there is a myriad of eating options from fast to fine all over within a couple minutes walk.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lotte0
<Content>Disappointed I have just returned home from staying 2 nights at the hotel and sadly i was very disappointed.The hotel itself was clean and in good condition and staff very helpful, for access to the walk of fame - excellent.The problem - noise.We stayed on the 5th night and if you don't need your sleep then stay here but if you do - don't!!!!It is right on a main road and VERY noisey all night will passing traffic. I don't think i got to sleep either night at all and by the time so was extremely exhausted by the time I left.We stayed here on our way back to England from Hawaii but if i knew we were going to be next to a main road I would not have booked it.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	1	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SKILancs
<Content>Convenient for local transport On a 3 day stopover in LA. Hotel was chosen for convenience to bus and metro stations as we had no transport. Hotel was clean and satisfactory, restaurant good, reasonably priced.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>RednBlue
<Content>Great hotel; top value We stayed at this hotel towards the end of a three week round-the world holiday and couldn't have been more satisfied. The hotel was very welcoming when we arrived and we were able to get straight into our room which made an early arrival following an overnight flight from New Zealand easier. The room was 'traditional Holiday Inn' - basic but tidy, but the bed was huge and comfortable and offered 5 grades of pillow!We had a pool-side room which was a bonus, and imagine our surprise when we looked out of the window and could see the Hollywood hillside houses just under Mullholland Drive including the famous High Tower (featured in several famous movies) - indeed this view encouraged us to walk up into the hills as our first trip, rather than down to Hollywood Boulevard. Try it - the views are absolutely wonderful, and it turned out that the Hollywood Bowl is only about 15 minutes away, through the maze of steps and alleys.As mentioned elsewhere, Hollywood Boulevard is only a couple of blocks away, and walking is perfectly safe at any time. The staff were all friendly and helpful, and the hotel breakfasts were good and satisfying......And the internet was free! Top marks from us.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BordaInc
<Content>Perfect Stay and Location I have gotten away from staying at Holiday Inns because it is hit or miss on the quality of the hotels. I took a risk staying here but I was not disappointed at all. The location was fantastic, parking was cheap, rooms clean, beds comfy, service perfect, breakfast was wonderful.Fantastic stay and I would DEF return here when I go back to Hollywood.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kimbaimba
<Content>Loved Hotel...ordinary tours !!!!!!!!!!! This hotel is in a wonderful location, clean, tidy and has fantastic bed linen and pillows. We were able to check in really early in the morning after our flight. This saved us sitting around all day until a late check in time.Ask for a room on the pool side of the property, on a high level as noise on road side is out of control !!!!!!!!!Room service was great, except watch the prices they are all PLUS tax so a little misleading, but generally food here is sooooooooo cheap and great. Who said that you cannot eat healthy food in LA, we have eaten really well for good prices !!!!!!!This is a great located hotel, can walk everywhere !!!!!!!!Although.........Alex on the concierge desk was fantasic, but some of the tours we did were ordinary.The Hollywood Sight seeing tour which the hotel recommends is okay but very dsiorganised, they cut our tour short for no real reason except the company's disorganisation.We then did a organised  Haunted Hollywood  tour .....ordinary !!!!!!!!! It didnt seem to be a real tour and we basically got ripped off !!!!!!!!!!!!! Note to young players. Must go to The Panini Cafe on Santa Monica Blvd, have the Chicken Kabab.......to die for !!!!!!!!LA is great.......shopping is great and this hotel was great !!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travlinfamilyof6
<Content>Great Location My son and I stayed one night and made a last minute reservation. Many competing properties were sold out, or cost $300-$500 per night. We were pleasantly surprised with the location (just a couple blocks off Hollywood Blvd), the service and cleanliness. Would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meli55a
<Content>Fantastic Location  First up, the location of this hotel is fantastic! It's takes about 10min to get to the Hollywood walk of fame, Chinese theatre and the Hollywood and Highland shopping centre. A nice bonus is the free shuttle service to Universal studios!The staff were lovely and the concierge Alex was very helpful! He would be your go-to-guy for ideas on where to go for shopping and just general questions about the area. We also have to mention Natasha who works in the bar 鈥?always friendly and nice to chat to!The rooms were quite spacious and clean 鈥?the bed was also quite comfortable (King). One of the good things in the hotel is the free internet!! The only down side of the hotel has been mentioned a few times in other reviews 鈥?the paper thin walls. We were lucky enough to not have any late night parties happening next to us, but every bang, knock and conversation can be heard.One thing though 鈥?don鈥檛 take the hotel鈥檚 recommendation of 鈥榯heir鈥?tour guide guy 鈥?even though he took us to most places in one day, we found him hard to understand and struggled to stay awake.Nice place to stay and would recommend this hotel to any budget conscious traveller.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MagellanMelbourne
<Content>Good location but some problems Let me start by saying the hotel is in a fantastic location. 5 minute walk to the Hollywood Bowl, stars hand prints etc. The rooms were clean and had large comfortable beds and pillows. We had a room facing the street and the traffic noise outside didn't bother us at all - with the window shut you could barely hear it.We could however hear our neighbours having an extremely loud party at 3am. I've never come across a hotel room before with such paper thin walls. It sounded like the party was happening in my room. I could have easily joined into their conversations. Called down to the front desk though and they fixed the problem promptly.The in room complimentary internet worked on the first night and that was it. The maintenace man tried several times to fix it unsuccessfully. The do have free internet in the foyer too.The power went off one night for about 4 hours but not the hotels fault as the whole area was out. Lastly our toilet backed up one night and was disgusting. Took about half an hour for someone to come and fix it.To be honest, the hotel really is in a good position. We did have some problems with our room but at least the room was clean. I think maybe we were unfortunate with the things that happened to us. There is a small supermarket, liquor shop, chinese restaurant, subway and cleaners located over the road which was very handy. The staff were helpful and I would consider staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>Woolfies
<Content>Great Location       Our bed.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KeishaVancouver
<Content>Loved the service What a great location! Only a short walk to the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The staff were fantastic. The concierge staff were amazing, nothing was too much trouble. I cannot recommend this place highly enough!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelerDelMundo
<Content>We would stay here again. We booked a double on priceline day of for $100 plus taxes for a double. Generally everything surpassed our expectations: the staff was really friendly, they gave us the type of room we requested, and there wasn't nearly as much street noise as expected for a Saturday night. The only complaint is it is always unfortunate when one has to pay for parking. Here it is $20 a pop. Other than that, we have no complaints and recommend this hotel. The location is great!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Suzelle
<Content>A great option for the Bowl, and for just hanging out in the city Came in from our of town to stay here one evening for a business meeting which was early the next morning. Hotel located just down the street from the Hollywood Bowl. The decor was nice, with some style. Our room was on the street-side but was actually not so noisy into the room with the weekend traffic. In fact room was fairly sound proof, bathroom size was good for two of us, the bed was about the best part, contemporary in hotel styling, very comfortable, with brushed cotton sheets and duvet (white) and a lot of pillows! Room had a sitting area as well, with desk, which was great for a feeling of having some work space, including a dressing mirror which was great for my practicing (am a musician; my business meeting was an audition). I did take a cue from another reviewer and signed up for the Holiday Inn Priority Club, which gave me a $6 discount on the daily parking ($14, from $20) and the couple of free bottles of water in the room. The coffee maker is more of a pot, rather than individual serving dispenser, so we were able to make hot tea for two easily. Did not take advantage of the drink coupon at the bar. Loved also having the free internet access, something I don't even get at a higher end LA hotel in the downtown area. Hotel had a billing problem, some kind of misconnect with Hotwire on the charge, but by later in the week that was straightened out. Would certainly stay here again, for any LA get away time, especially if you are out and about sightseeing or concert going.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>angel09
<Content>Great Location The hotel is in a perfect location, about a 2 minute walk from Hollywood Blvd - shopping, restaurants, Walk of Fame, Chinese Mann Theatre, Kodak Theatre and all the LA tour companies. The hotel offers a free shuttle bus to and from Universal Studios which is handy.The room was great. The bathroom a bit small but fine. We got 2 free bottles of water a day which was excellent.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KarenFL
<Content>Good location, friendly staff We are priority club members so we often stay at Holiday Inns. The place is a great location, walk down the hill to the Grauman Theater and the mall down the hill was even open on Xmas Day with lots of nice restaurants and shops. The staff was very very friendly. We had problems with the television and the engineer was there in about 5 minutes to fix it. The room was a little small for three of us (just two double beds and nothing else except a room with just a king size bed and we had our daughter with us). They made sure we got a book of discount coupons that saved us money in the mall and other places and were full of advice. It is good value for the location. It was a very pleasant experience.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Archgirl16
<Content>Good location, clean and great service The hotel is located right next door to the Renaissance. It is just a few minutes walk to Hollywood Blvd and the Kodak Theatre and Chinese Theatre, and a 10 minute drive to Universal Studios. Considering the hotel was on a major road, the bedroom was very quiet. In other words the location is GREAT. The hotel had a clean lobby, lounge areas, and bedroom. This was pleasing to see. Guest services were pleasant, in particular there was one older male with a strong american (Brooklyn?/ movie character style accent) who was extremely bubbly and helpful. It was nice to see him caring about the guests and trying hard to assist them. There was three of us in this party and although this is not a grand hotel, we would certainly recommend it as a middle of the range (affordabilty) stay.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alecb2008
<Content>Noisy and smelly, other than that - OK Tired and not really clean hotel.Rooms looking up to the Highland are REALLY noisy, I changed the room for the pool-looking one after the first night.Smells from the kitchen are permiating all hallways and getting inside rooms as well (at least on the First, Fourth and Sixth Floors).Sound insulation overall is lousy - TV's and mobile phones from the adjoining rooms are heard.Staff is polite and helpful.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>imazz
<Content>Pretty good hotel. Pretty good hotel. Rooms are average. Location is great if you have a car and want to go to Beverly Hills, Universal Studios and Hollywood. I would recommend everyone in signing up to be a Priority Club member because you get a complimentary drink (beer/wine), newspaper, 2 large bottles of aquafina water and discounted parking ($12 instead of $20). Pretty good deal considering Priority Club is FREE.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>smub
<Content>Excellent Location and Nice Hotel This hotel was very good and I was pleasantly suprised.The room was spacious, clean and had all the necessities. It also was only a short walk to everything in Hollywood and to the redline train. The front desk was friendly and the desk staff even signed us up for the holiday inn frequent traveller plan which allowed us to get free water, late check out and a free drink at their bar.I only wish they would have told us about the list they have of places that you can access with bus or train and the details on how to get to each place. (Ask for it if you are staying there without a car!) It was a great find - unfortunately, we didn't find it until we were leaving.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Trip3Uk
<Content>Does exactly what it says on the tin.... I stayed her for six nights in October and felt I got value for money.I arrived late at night and was unsure if there would be anyone at the desk when I arrived. The night porters were there and checked me in quickly and easily no fuss which was great.The purpose of my visit was to see Genesis at the Hollywood Bowl. The hotel was literally a 5 min walk from the Bowl and also the Walk of fame so location wise it scored 10 out of 10 for me. The hotel overlooks a busy street but I had a room at the back that overlooked the pool. So I was never disturbed by noise even with the window open.My room was large with a large bathroom. It was very clean and spacious. The hotel was clean and staff friendly. Complimentary water was left each day, as was a newspaper. Facilities included a pool and spa ( both very clean) and a small gym.I had read some rather unsavoury reviews on this site and must admit I wasn't sure what to expect but I was very pleasantly surprised. The staff were eager to help and assisted on many occasions with directions and the like. Lots of maps and bus timetables pre printed at the front desk for visitors, which I found very helpful the shuttle bus to Universal came in handy too. Also they locked away passports and valuables at the desk for us.A note about the area:There are a few bums near the church on the corner and I had read this in the reviews and it worried me. They are there everyday but were no problem at all. They don't beg they鈥檙e just there- although I can see that if you鈥檙e on your own its a little unnerving. Unfortunately it鈥檚 a city and you see a lot of this. Don't let it put you off your stay though - the pricey Renaissance Hotel is on the same corner as the bums thus proving it doesn't matter how much you shell out for a hotel they will still be there!Overall I had a great stay and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BLACKDOG7
<Content>No complaints from me I haven't been to Hollywood since the late 70's, so when I took my 16yo daughter there I was pleasently surprised.We took the city shuttle bus from LAX to Union Station and then the subway to Hollywood/Highland. Holiday Inn is a short walk up Highland. This cost about $10 total and it took about 45 minutes from the airport.The location was perfect for our trip - very close to Hollywood Blvd and its attractions yet quite quietThey have a secluded pool/jacuzzi, small pub and resturant. There is a small mall across the street - Starbucks, Subway, grocery and pizza.The staff is friendly and helpful - They suggested a city tour .It was a small van and we were the only 2- it was personable and a lot of fun. Cost for 3 hour _ $90.- Beverly Hills,Melrose, Rodeo,etcThey have a free van to Universal Studios - It is very near 10-15 minutes.We took public transit everywhere else even the beach. Walk about 10 minutes south to Santa Monica Blvd and you can catch the bus to Santa Monica and Venice Beach.We also took the bus called Fairfax on Hollywood Blvd to Melrose and shopped at all the clothing boutiques. This is a short trip and a shoppers paradise.We enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn and recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>uklad79
<Content>Good location shame Hollywood is such a dump The hotel is fine and is a short walk to the Hollywood  Highland or the Hollywood Bowl. The lobby is very small and looks newly refitted. The rooms are clean and modern we were on the top floor in a room overlooking the pool so we had a good view of the hills and had no noise problems. The resturant serves a good buffet breakfast for around $12 which is well worth it. There is a Subway  Starbucks store over the road which is very handy.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>OZZYJT
<Content>Great Location This is a great hotel if you want to walk into Hollywood, its only a 10 minute walk to the walk of fame. We checked in after a 13 hour flight and the staff were great, they had a room available and we went straight to our room, when we opened the door, there were 2 single beds, not the ideal situation for my wife and I, we booked a double room and were told by the front desk staff they in the US this means 2 single beds?? but after a bit of a discussion the manager found us a king size room, all beit a disabled room, but that was fine, the room was very clean and spacious. The concierge was very helpful, nothing seemed to be a problem and our requests were met with a smile and a result. Food was also very good, I recommend the breakfast buffet which was around US$13 and they had plenty of everything. Overall this was a very good hotel for the price and location we wanted, I would recommend it to anyone who wants to be close to the action. Another bonus is that they have a free shuttle to Universal Studios in the morning, just book the day before and you get picked up late afternoon.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>jblairgolf
<Content>Better than I expected. We are platinum members with Holiday Inn. I actually redeemed points to stay here. I don't think it was worth 50,000 points for 2 nights, but that's my problem.We did have to move rooms. The first one had a horrid smell of smoke, even though the hotel is all non-smoking. It kills me how people just totally disregard that. Anyway, they were very quick to move us to room 701. Very quiet location and NO smell of smoke!There is an odd smell in the lobby. It smells like grease or something from a nearby ktchen. Other than that, it was very clean, and such a great location for us. We walked over to the shopping area every night and ate all 3 of our meals at the California Pizza Kitchen. GREAT salads and wine!!!We took a Starline Tour (started by the Kodak Theatre) of movie stars homes. They discounted it $7 per person, which made it $30 per person for 2 hours. If you take this tour, you MUST ask for Lisa as your guide! She is fabulous and the tour was fabulous too! We were filmed for a movie pilot (David Faustino...Bud Bundy from Married With Children) saw Dr. Phil on his porch (his house was my absolute favorite!!) and saw Peter Faulk (sp) taking a walk. I am not a 'tour' type of gal, but I would go with Lisa again on the same tour in a heart beat!!! Make sure you get the 'open air' van.We tried getting on the Ellen show, but that is a whole different story. Anyway, I hope this helps. I am a VERY picky person when it comes to cleanliness of hotel rooms, and while I did wear my flip flops the entire time I was in the room......it was very clean, and the beds very comfortable too!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Swayze073
<Content>Aussies Go Hollywood I will start with the positives. The staff at the hotel are very helpful and courteous. The rooms are very clean and the hotel has a nice overall feel to it. There is plenty of hot water at shower time. Our favourite part was the hot spa and the pool which was a great size for my two kids aged 11 and 8. There is also a complimentary shuttle bus to Universal Studios which was a bonus too.What I didn't like was the size of the two double beds. They were thesmallest double beds I've ever seen and pretty impossible to sleep two adults in the bed, so my husband and I each slept with one of ourchildren for more room, but not much sleep was had. I mentioned to the hotel staff that the beds were too small and to their credit theysupplied me with a rollaway bed so I could get some sleep the next night.I thought the location of the hotel was a bit far away from HollywoodBoulevard when walking back and forth with the children. There are homeless people on the corner that we had to walk past constantly and although they didn't ask us for money, I certainly didn't feel safe at night. There is a lot of construction going on right near the hotel and the footpaths are all unlevel (you really have to watch your step and it could be dangerous for children and older tourists at night time) and there are roadworks on the corner which are in the way too. There is also no laundry to do any washing although they do offer a laundry service which is out of most people's budget. Refrigerators can be hired for a fee but availability is not guaranteed. I got ripped off when buying a carton of milk from a mini mart on Hollywood Boulevard. He charged me $5.50 and when I complained that it was too expensive, he told me that, It's Hollywood Boulevard, M'am. On our last day we saw there was a mini mart right across the road from the Holiday Inn, so buy your milk from there instead.I wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel if you are travelling withchildren or elderly people mainly because of the location and the construction mess that is going on at the moment.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KayeSarah23
<Content>An excellent start to our America trip! We stayed at the Holiday Inn Walk of Fame for 4 nights in July 2007. We were travelling around America for 3 weeks on an average budget and this was the perfect start to our trip.The location was faultless - only a 5 minute, safe walk to the Walk of Fame and Chinese Mann Theatre. The staff were amazing - really helpful and helped us to feel at home. They organised trips for us and advised us on where to go.The room was big and clean - couldn't fault it and the hotel has internet access. The pool area was a standard size but to be honest we didn't expect to get a pool in the centre of Hollywood and the Jacuzzi and gym were nice extras.We were actually sad to leave - as we felt so comfortable and safe here. A great hotel for young travellers and families alike. We would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zedman33
<Content>Hollywood accommodation Stayed recently for 4 nights with 2 kidsVery nice hotel.Very close to Hollywood - 5min walk.Had no problems with security at night in the area.Hotel was very clean and there were no bedbugs.Would recommend and would stay again.We used VIP american tours for our transfers. Booked over the internet prior to leaving. Excellent company and VERY well priced.Hope this helps someone, feel free to email with questionsjohn  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zee2a
<Content>Great - just 1 irritation (ok 2) This hotel is less than a 5min stroll to the walk of fame. Our room was enormous, clean, and newly renovated. Front desk staff and concierge all very friendly and polite. Recommended a private tour that we thoroughly enjoyed - (even though quite pricey). $20 per day to park, but priority members get a slight discount. They have a free shuttle to universal studios, that even took us to our restaurant for dinner on the friday evening.Something that really annoys me about Holiday Inn's is that even though you PAY EXTRA to have bed  breakfast, they then whack you with extra taxes (You pay tax on the entire price of your stay - so WHY do they tax you AGAIN on the price of the breakfast???). I was also not impressed that they automatically add 20% to any check/bill as a gratuity, and then have the cheek to leave additional space for another tip - we were caught out the first time because we didnt check properly !  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>natalli_85
<Content>Great location       View from the sixth floor overlooking the freeway  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Breezerforce
<Content>Good location, very attentive staff. We arrived in this hotel after a 20 hour trip from Ireland plus 1 hour in a cab from LAX with a driver that hardly spoke English. It was therefore with relief that the service at the front desk was exemplary to say the least. Throughout our three day stay the staff of this place went beyond the call of duty on several occasions. From recommending the tours that were suited to us rather than the ones that were the most expensive, to remembering what we ordered the night before in the bar and restaurant to even offering to order tickets for a local baseball game after merely offering an interest in the sport.On top of this are a private swimming pool and jacuzzi (in the middle of busy hollywood), very nice food in the restaurant and attentive staff. Yes, I would stay there again if I were to go to Hollywood again. The only thing I was a bit surprised about was the overpricing of the breakfast +$30 for two.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>behest
<Content>Great for us Got a great deal on Hotwire not knowing which hotel we were booking. My wife is from the area and we expceted to see a lot of old friends, but being so close to the tourist thing we got a differect experience than what we have in the past. Blocks from Hollywood Blvd and the subway, we walked down the road to restarurants during the day and bars/night clubs at night. The rooms were clean and ours had a great view. Cleaning people are in the halls all day, but are quiet and polite. Got to know one of the front desk workers who was very nice.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Lacey_Lea
<Content>Very Good Location This hotel is in a great location. I found it to be clean and the staff friendly. They are under some construction right now, but they are trying not to be too intrusive. Under other recommendations I did get a room on the pool side and even though I was next to the elevator, it was pretty quiet. Just be careful of hidden charges. Everytime I asked the concierge a tourist question, although minimal, there was a room charge for it.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>WXRN
<Content>Great Location, OK Hotel It would be hard to beat the location of this hotel. It is a few blocks (and a few homeless campsites) from the Walk of Fame, and easy walking to the Hollywood Bowl. But, this can be a problem since traffic outside the hotel is horrible. We stayed when there were concerts at the Hollywood Bowl, so trying to get up the street to turn into the hotel was not easy. Then you get the loud throngs of people walking and driving from the Bowl in the early morning hours. Request a room on the pool side!! Parking is limited and expensive, and on busy nights, your car may be buried two or three cars deep, so allow extra time in the morning for the staff to unbury your car. The room was Holiday Inn average. Small, but clean. Asked the desk staff for a recommendation for a Mexican restaurant nearby, and he sent me to a place that looked like it closed a few years ago. Stay here for the location, and just put up with the rest!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>BritTraveller68
<Content>Good Location and Friendly (Restaurant) Staff Stayed here in late June, 2007. Standard but very comfortable/well presented Holiday Inn rooms. I asked for a room overlooking the rear of the hotel/pool area/hillside (to avoid facing the busy highway outside) and received this. But my room number x13, backed on to the elevator shafts and vending area, which did lead to some irritating background noise at times, including in the quiet hours. I could have asked to move, but didn't, but I'd avoid these rooms in the future.Lovely very clean pool area to the rear of the hotel. Lots of places to sit and relax and pools looked good.Ate breakfast and evening meals at the hotel's own restaurant, for convenience's sake and was pleased I did. Very friendly staff who worked well together and for whom nothing was too much trouble. They made you feel very welcome and were very personable. Food was good, quite a good choice, buffet some evenings and very well priced. Proved very popular on the Friday evening and had to wait about 15 minutes for a table.The hotel is well maintained and is well located just a short (5 minute) stroll up from the Hollywood/Highland metro station on the Red Line. At the moment, they are digging the road/pavements/sidewalks up between the metro and the hotel, but apart from some minor detours and a lot of dust, this didn't prove too problematic. They are also building a new hotel or apartment complex next door, but that really didn't cause any distruption whatsoever. Sticking with the external factors, there were 2 or 3 people sleeping rough down from the hotel, outside the Hollywood Church, but they remained covered up all the time (fast asleep) and were not a problem, so no need to worry.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Iowa01
<Content>Great place. We stayed at the Holiday Inn in June (for 7 days). We found it to be a great location. We could walk to the Walk of Fame, Grauman's Theatre, Kodak Theatre, and the Hollywood and Highland Center (which was a great place to eat, shop, grab a cup of coffee in the morning). Driving to places like Warner Brothers in Burbank and the Getty Museum were very easy. We were about an hour's drive from the airport and the beach in Santa Monica (both with traffic factored in). The hotel was clean, we always had plenty of hot water, and we loved it that whenever we came back from sight seeing the staff always greeted us with, Welcome Back.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Amarcelli
<Content>A nice hotel I stayed at the Holiday Inn Walk of Fame from May 28th to June 6th/07. It is a very nice hotel, my room was clean and with a nice view to the hills. The free high speed internet is great! The location is perfect because walking for a few minutes you are in the middle of the Hollywood Boulevard, close to the Kodak and the Grauman's Theaters. The Hollywood and Highland mall is very close to the hotel and is pretty good. However, the breakfast buffet is very expensive and the parking rate is an absurd.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ronshapley
<Content>Great !! I usually get a 4* priceline hotel in Bev Hills...but they were tough to come by so this three star in Hollywood was awarded. Oh No !! I thought.. A Holiday Inn.. I have passed this hotel hundreds of times heading to BH and always vowed I would never stay there.. BUT... surprise.. it's a great property.. Cheap parking(only $20) a decent restaurant, and a very..very...very friendly and hospitable staff.. Congrats to the owner of this property.. it's great. The day after I checked out they were going to put new, upscale, mattresses in all the rooms so you will be pampered.. If you don't want the noise, ask for a room in the back, over the pool.. One thing.. they are building something in the Hollywood Hills behind the hotel so the contruction begins at 7 AM...even saturday but the hammering isn't too intrusive... Besides, you in LA, how long are you going to spend in your room.. Get out there and have fun !! You'll like The Holiday Inn on Highland..  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Married25
<Content>Undesirable! If you stay at this hotel you will pay to park on the hotels property. This is an extra 20 dollars per day on top of the room fee and taxes. The hotel will not tell you this until you check out. My wife and I stayed on the fourth floor facing the street. The traffic below was really loud, even after a couple drinks. The bed was hard, so we did not get a good nights sleep. There are nicer hotels closer to the action. I would not stay there again  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VanessaD74
<Content>perfect location, excellent staff After reading previous reviews, I must admit I was extremely worried. I was travelling on my own and as a young woman, obviously I needed to research area and hotel properly. On my arrival after a long flight from London, staff were excellent. Friendly and very helpful. I had pre booked a tour for following day, which they called and confirmed for me. They also advised best company for my trip to Magic Mountain, which was organised for me with no fuss. They asssited with mail to be sent, safety deposit boxes and always said hi when i passed through reception.Rooms were clean, and a fair size, coming from England, I think the beds are huge! And I can verify there was no signs of bugs or any other scary things!! They were cleaned daily and housekeeping staff were as friendly as their colleagues on reception.The corridors of hotel could do with updating - there is nothing that a coat of paint and new accessories wouldnt fix. The restaurant was good too - once again staff couldnt have been nicer - the breakfast was lovely. There is a bit of a food smell where the elevators are next to restaurant, but not too bad that its puts you off!!Finally, I just want to say that this is the first review I have ever written but I was determined to let people know that previous reviews are no longer valid for this hotel. Combined with great location, walking distance to Hollywood Blvd and all attractions, this was a great place to stay!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cat2000
<Content>Good Location We've just returned from our two week holiday and we stayed at the Holiday Inn Hollywood - Walk of Fame for the first two nights. The location was good, only about 5 minute walk from the walk of fame etc. There is a Subway and small grocery store accross the road which was quite handy. The rooms were clean, although I spotted couple of stains on the mattresses, also there was no fridge. Our room was facing the main road and there seemed to be a gap between the window and the wall, which meant that we could hear the passing traffic all the time. Hotel breakfast was very good and reasonably priced $12.95 for the full breakfast buffet. This hotel is also very close to the Universal studios and the hotel provides free shuttle service to and from the studios. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpfull. The only thing which bothered me about this hotel was that our clothes started to smell of cooking/food as soon as we stepped outside our room - but I would definetely recommend this hotel if you are looking for something clean and in good location.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mommazieb
<Content>Our Home Away From Home Just to let you know, I always read the reviews, but have never written one, I was so happy with our stay here I actually wrote to the chain as well. Oh and I travel alot . After doing lots of searching online I booked 2 rooms at this hotel for our stay Feb. 21-26, 2007. We were so happy with our stay I can't tell you enough. The location is excellent, walking distance to the Kodak theatre, Walk of fame and shopping. Burger King, Starbucks, Subway, and great Pizza across the street. My room faced the nice pool area, and my cousins room faced the street and the hills, great views. The rooms were average size and very well kept daily, good tv's, no fridge. The restaurant was excellent, food and service and fair pricing. We also had room service. There is also a small lounge. The front desk and concierge staff were extremely friendly and helpful and always welcomed us back upon our return. They booked a taxi for us Caesar to attend the Laker's and the King's Games at the Staples Center. He dropped us off and picked us up after the games. We made this trip last March, 2006, and learned that it is very difficult to get a taxi after the games. He also took us back to LAX. I was travelling with my cousin who has special needs, and he was extremely good with him, as were all of the staff at the hotel. It is the people who make the place, and Kudos to all of the STAFF and Management. We asked to speak with the management upon checkout and learned that there are upgrades planned for the next year, which is great. We look forward to our return to the Holiday Inn Walk Of Fame.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kryswithak
<Content>Great location and FREE Internet I got the hotel for $95 a night on Priceline. I think I could have beat this for the hotel. The hotel is in a great location. A 5 minute walk to Hollywood, Wax Museum, Metro, and many other things. There is also a functional market, Subway, Starbucks, and Burger King across the street. The room was okay. There was free internet which you can't beat. We also got free bottle water each day. Overall I would stay here again due to not having a car so the location was perfect. Also Universal Studios was one stop away on the Metro. Room 721 was clean with no bugs in the bed. The staff was extremely friendly. They also allowed early checkin and knew the area really well.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>ceeljay
<Content>all we could ask for a short stay I'm a little surprised that this hotel doesn't have a higher ranking (63rd at the time of writing this review), as it was just perfect for us in what we required for a 1 night stay - central location, clean and modern room, friendly and efficient service, great value for money. We couldn't fault it. We didn't get a chance to try the pool/jacuzzi, but it looked very nice from our bedroom window, and same with the gym.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lemmingstone
<Content>Great location - No complaints After planning several trips with the aid of Tripadvisor I thought it only fair that I contribute some feedback.I always find it interesting when reading reviews that what seems to bother one person will not bother another. Human nature I guess. I have no complaints about this hotel at all. None. The staff were friendly and helpful, check-in  check-out were quick and easy, clean  tidy, safe and location is the real winner.My buddy and I stayed here from 2 - 5 November 2006. We were not looking for a huge party type holiday so this hotel gave us exactly what we needed. Perhaps a 5 minute walk to Hollywood Blvd. Restaurants, Pig and Whistle pub, Burger King, Subway, liquor store, convenience store and Hollywood  Highland shopping centre all within a 5 minute walk. Very central for everything in Hollywood. Hertz rental car outlet about a 3 minute walk away also.The only negative was the construction going on around the area, but that is hardly the hotels fault. I'll definately be back to Los Angeles and this hotel. Thumbs up.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>shescapes
<Content>Best Service Ever! We've just spent two nights at the Holiday Inn - Hollywood Walk of Fame and I can't say enough about the outstanding service.The hotel itself is typical... slightly outdated but fully functioning, clean, a good location for Universal studios (5 min drive -- though it has a shuttle), 2 blocks to a nice shopping center with plenty of restaurants, and the pool area looked nice as well, though it was too cold for us to enjoy this time.There is a restaurant onsite with a great breakfast buffet. $12/adults, $7 for kids with a wonderful selection of truly delicious food  drinks. We thought it was very good value and again, exceptional service. They also have complimentary internet access in the rooms, which is a rare bonus, we have found.I booked this hotel through Priceline at $70/night (I believe), and was very pleased.My thanks to every staff person... from the parking attendant to the waiter to the front desk and the housekeepers! You should be proud of the impression you've left on your guests!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leannenufc
<Content>No problems My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for five nights in January, and we had a really good time there.It is a Holiday Inn, and therefore pretty basic, but we had absolutely no problems. Our room was clean, decent-sized and nicely decorated, and this was ultimately the case with the rest of the hotel; it was a very pleasant place to spend a few days. Our room was on the sixth floor, at the front of the hotel, and we had a huge window with a really pretty view, which was always nice to wake up to! If I was to complain about one aspect of the room, it would be the bathroom, which was quite dated and bland, but as it was clean, we really didn't mind this.We thought the location of the hotel was fantastic; some of the reviews on this site had led me to believe that we were facing a long, terrifying walk down a deserted backstreet to Hollywood Boulevard, but it was absolutely fine! The walk to Hollywood/Highland takes ten minutes at most, the road is very well-lit and there was busy traffic at every time of day, so we never felt in any danger. There were a couple of homeless people, but they never bothered us-and to be honest, I'd be shocked to go to a big city like LA and not find homeless people. Across the road from the hotel is a small complex, with a Starbucks, Subway, convenience store, sushi restaurant and others, which was really handy if we found ourselves suddenly hungry. We didn't have a car, but Hollywood is great for public transport, with plenty of buses, and the subway, to get us where we needed to go. On top of that, Hollywood/Highland has plenty of shops and restaurants to keep you occupied. Obviously, Hollywood isn't as nice an area as somewhere like Beverly Hills, but we kept to the busy areas and always felt completely safe.We booked tours to Disneyland/California Adventure with the tour desk, and had no problems with these; however, we would not recommend taking the tours of LA offered. We took the early evening tour, which was basically just four hours of driving around in silence! It helped us get a good orientation of the city, but really wasn't worth the price; however, I won't blame the hotel for that, because it was our choice to take it, and they never pushed us into booking anything. We ate at the hotel restaurant for breakfast, and had the continental buffet, which was about $9, and totally worth it. I would definately recommend starting the day off there.If I was to complain about anything, it would be that some of the staff weren't quite as friendly as they perhaps could have been. They were perfectly nice and helpful whenever we spoke to them, but rarely came forward with a smile or a 'hello' when we passed by; it's not a huge problem, but it's things like that which can really improve a hotel experience.I'm sure we will return to LA, and if we were to return on a similar budget, then I'm also sure we will strongly consider staying in this hotel again. We loved the city, and the hotel played a big part in us enjoying our time there so much-it wasn't the most fancy of places, but it was comfortable, clean and welcoming and we were more than happy with that!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>DOTIAINEDINBURGH
<Content>Perfectably Acceptable hotel Stayed at this hotel for two nights stop before travelling to Hawaii. Did check the bed for bed bugs and not a sign! We were in room 404 which was to the front of the property but used to living in a busy city so noise was not a problem. Room and bathroom large and good shower pressure. Could do with an update but my main concern is that a room is clean, which it was. Staff at the front desk were very helpful. We wanted to buy a digital camera and they pointed us in the right direction (Bestbuys) and we got a great bargain compared to UK prices. Didn't eat in the hotel at all but did have a drink in the bar (also very friendly staff). Had breakfast in Bob's, just down from the church which was used to film Sister Act. Great when you are awake at 0530! The next morning we had breakfast in Mel's Drive In which was like something out of Grease and excellent. Only 15 mins walk from Hollywood  HIghland which has a few restaurants. Would recommend the Pig and Whistle pub which do great food as well - also not far from the hotel. Tip for UK travellers - didn't realise you need to show ID in most shops if using a visa card. Even for a meal they sometimes asked. Ended up having to carry the passports about with us, just in case. Dot  Iain, Edinburgh, Scotland  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Adamyyc
<Content>The best suprise is no suprise!       Pool  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DanMaree
<Content>Don't let the bed bugs bite! Even though the location was good (two blocks from Hollywood Boulevard), the discovery of bed bugs and the lack of concern from staff was not.After waking one morning to find my sister and I with bed bug bites we advised reception. We received promises of a room change and were told the manager would contact us upon our return that afternoon.After arriving back at the hotel no one was aware of our problem and we had to again ask for another room and move our own luggage.The bites lasted for three weeks and were red and very very itchy.Unfortunately we had booked and paid for our accommodation prior to travelling. Our travel agent is now attempting to recover some costs.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>hapitraveller
<Content>Nice Hotel My finance and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Hollywood recently and overall had a very pleasant stay. The hotel is quite well located, although not as close to Hollywood attractions as say the Renaissance or Roosevelt hotels, which I have stayed at previously.The service was friendly and efficient, and our room was clean and quite spacious, although some of the fittings (especially the lighting) were dated and probably could be replaced. Our room did not have a fridge, and although an ice bucket was supplied and complimentary ice was provided on each floor, having a small fridge would have been convenient.This hotel is about a 5 minute walk to Hollywood Boulevard and there is a great market and a Starbucks right across the street and an Internet cafe is very close by.We had an excellent stay here and we would certainly recommend this hotel, but next time we will probably try and stay somewhere right on Hollywood Boulevard again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>RLBow
<Content>Great Location I am quite surprised by some of the reviews that I have read about this place as we thought it was great. It is so close to Hollywood Blvd etc. We didn't find it very safe in the nights but that is the general area. The hotel itself was very pleasant as were the staff. We had food there too - quite overpriced, but nice if you are really hungry and don't want to go far. We had no trouble with bugs or anything really. We found this place a pleasant stay close to all the tourist attractions.Give it a go!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kerc
<Content>Stay away! Arriving at reception the first thing that hit us as we walked through the door was the smell of old burnt fat. The restaurant was open plan into the lobby and either the extractors in the kitchen were non existant or not being used. The lifts then smelt of the fat taking you up to the rooms. The corridors in the hotel were tatty and in need of redecoration. The toilet was blocked in our room. I called down to reception and it was fixed within 10 mins. Our first evening we went to the bar, which was empty - not surprising as it was besides the restaurant - that awful smell was lingering - we had one drink and left to visit the hotel next door (which was our first choice and was unfortunately full) it was beautiful beyond compare. Unless they do something about the kitchens don't bother going, drive right past!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>sailorick
<Content>The people are Great, the Bedbugs are not. I travel frequently for the goverment and I have stayed stayed at this hotel before with no problems. I stayed in Room 609 on Monday night, November 27th, 2006 and woke up Tuesday with about 25 unwanted guests in bed with me! I am very aware of what budbugs are and how to spot them.Housekeeping appeared immediatly after I called them and told me they were ants! Make no mistake, they were small, red, and matched every picture of a bedbug I've ever seen. The one on my neck was engorged with blood. As I write this review today, my neck and ankles have multible bites and they itch. As I checked out the desk clerk still wanted to charge me for the room! I replied, that won't be happening. After a short conversation with her manager, she indicated to me that the room, parking and bar tab from the night before have been taken care of.If you check in to this hotel, please inspect your sheets and pillows as soon as you enter the room.I like this hotel and the location, but I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	5	1	3	5	2	

<Author>ccoward
<Content>Lots to like about this hotel               More photos  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>tarynsmum
<Content>Great Location, friendly hotel Great location. Arrived at 11.30 am and were able to check straight (bonus after 18 hours of flying). Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast in restaurant excellent. Asked for room away from street as recommended in Trip Advisor. Walk to Hollywood Boulevard, Walk of Fame, Graumann's etc. Short distance to Universal Studios and hotel has small shuttle bus (book early though, only holds about 9 people). Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelWombat
<Content>Hotel ok but location not for us We arrived around 11am from Anaheim and front desk staff were able to get us our room of choice, notwithstanding the early check in. This may have been a result of being a Priority Club Member but was appreciated regardless. Nothing wrong with our room and Hotel was convenient to Hollywood Blvd, which is a bit overated.Conciege recommended a particular 'Movie Stars Homes' tour which was sub-standard and begs the question as to what 'incentive' he might have been receiving.Overall, the hotel was fine but in hindsight we would have been better off staying down at Santa Monica where the general location would have been nicer, or not bothering to stay in LA at all, instead completing our tours from Anaheim.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	3	1	

<Author>medtraveler
<Content>Dingy rooms/barely ADA compliant?? I booked this hotel on Priceline.com. I called in advance for a non-smoking room and was told there were none available, even though their own website showed that they were available. It wasn't until I told them that I was a Priority Club member that I got a non-smoking room.The non-smoking room smelled of cigarettes and grease (can't imagine what the smoking rooms smelled like). The bed was hard. I had a handicapped accessible room (the only non-smoking room available). Their wasn't a place to place my toiletry bag in the bathroom. I shower head did not detach. The bench for the shower was on the other end of the bathtub from shower head. With the low water pressure, I don't know how anyone immobile would be able to use the shower. Other than size and space, I wouldn't recommend this room to someone handicapped.I was not pleased with this hotel. With so many other places to stay in Hollywood (near Hollywood and Highland), I would not recommend this hotel at this time.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	3	

<Author>Christine166
<Content>Not really recommended We stayed here for three nights while on a three centre holiday. On the day we arrived we were told that the hotel was full and that we had to go and stay at another hotel (Days Inn) for the night, we were too tired to argue, this other hotel was a disgrace, it was disgusting, DO NOT AGREE TO BE MOVED HERE!!!.The next day we went back to the Holiday Inn and we got a room, this room was fine, it was clean. The next day we went off on another part of our holiday but we were returning here for one last night before we returned home, when we checked in on the final night we got put in a smoking room when we had asked for non smoking. This room was not so good, it was cleaned in a rush so it was not cleaned properly. I would not recommend staying here as it is too much of a hit or a miss.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>jodi06
<Content>Great location - they need a generator We stayed here in July this year for 4 nights, 2 adults and one 4 year old. Handy location to walk to the tourist traps, but the hotel kept losing power - this happened 3 nights in a row, meaning no dinner in the restaurant, no power in the room, no elevators etc. There wasn't much they could do about it, but they made no effort to apologise, etc. The room itself was pretty basic, and it had no fridge, which could be rented for 10 dollars a night, and no laundry, which, when travelling with a child are pretty useful. I would stay there again for a night if I wanted to be close to the attractions, but not for any longer  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	-1	3	2	3	

<Author>Chick2006
<Content>Liked the Holiday Inn Before i start my review i like to tell people my expectations! I like a clean, cheap hotel that is near all the sites in a city. i believe you get what you pay for!! In the hollywood holiday inn this is certainly true. The hotel has a great location for exploring hollywood. It is on a busy road less than 5 minutes walk to hollywood boulevard. we felt very safe at all times of the day walking to and from it. Our room was very clean and spacious and a nice size. We never ate in the hotel but the menu seemed good. The pool is average sized and the gym is tiny but we were too busy sightseeing to use these. We didnt have a car and managed just fine with the buses and metro that are located on hollywood boulevard. The hotel also run a free shuttle to universal studios which is very handy. We found all the staff to be very helpful.Overall we enjoyed our stay here, it was perfect for what we wanted, a cheap cheerful clean place to lay our heads!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Helen321
<Content>Disappointed, Wouldn't Recommend. We stayed at the Holiday Inn on the last leg of our honeymoon. What a let down!We arrived around 10pm after a 5 hour flight from Hawaii. The restaurant and the bar were closed, so we had to go out to find food and drinks.We found the night time Hollywood very intimidating. Every block had a different gang on each corner, we felt we needed to keep our heads down when walking out, as drunks and homeless littered the streets.The room was very basic. It was clean but 'tired' The staff were ok, but do be aware of hidden charges on your credit card bill.Our room was pre paid, and we charged nothing to our room.We were not prepared to pay $2.50 for each bottle of water in the room, as you can get it from the vending machine for $1.25!!Checking my credit card bill on arrival back in the UK, we found mysterious charges from the Holiday Inn., and are waiting for an explanation from the hotel as to what these are for.We certainly wouldn't stay there again, as I am sure there are many other hotels within the area that are much better.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyingDutchies
<Content>Acceptable deal When they book you on the street side, you feel like living on the street, noisy. The rooms are OK and staff are quite helpful. Parking charge is high but then they charge you the maximum (one day) charge only when your stay longer. There are many places for food so you don't have to eat in the restaurant which like many hotels is extremely overpriced for breakfast and lunch. Diner rates are reasonable.Don't expect to be close to all sites as anywhere in the US but it is very close to the Walk of Fame. Street is dirty and but that is in many big cities. Only Beverly Hills and Bal AIr are clean but they have the money.The pool is good and the spa is truly hot, both a good place to relax after a full day of impressions.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Ben_melb
<Content>Good Location This was my third visit to the USA.I am going to be a bit more generous than other writers. Like someone else said below, it was probably the worst hotel we stayed in during our trip around the USA but I don't feel that means it was bad. We just had good places elsewhwere. It was probably a little bit on the high price side, but the location was good.No ants for us, it was clean and the room was very big! As with most hotels in this class, the water pressure sucked. The other drawback was the very slow lifts. The staff were to the point which can sometimes come across as unhelpful. But really they were nice and answered any question efficiently and without trouble. It was our first stop in the USA and the hotel had a lot of Australians staying in it. That was good and bad, it depends on your view.Yes, the bus to universal is good. Beware there are other Holiday Inn branded shuttle buses also going to and from the studios so you could end up going back to the wrong hotel. Honestly, I don't know how you could as the hotel name is pretty clearly displayed, but it happened to someone on our bus when they rushed on board the wrong bus by mistake and then had to get back from the wrong hotel to universal and catch the correct bus!Alternatively, the hotel is so close (3 mins walk!) to the underground rail station at HollywoodHighland that goes straight to Universal and it also cheap! We used that a second time to go back to Universal to see a movie and check out all those shops at night. They say the distances in LA are too long to walk, but with the pleasant weather it's not that bad. We walked a lot and caught a bus to Venice beach and Santa Monica Beach. Never used a car. And only used a cab to get home from partying in West Hollywood.Some previous reviews said they were threatened by the walk to the hotel. I envisioned a dark spooky alleywal, but it's not like that at all! It's a 3 minute walk from the Hollywood  Highland shopping centre and it's along the side of a brightly lit highway, including past a church! I wasn't afraid, but I'm also a 6'5 late twenties male. So it might be different if you're a single mum with kids or a gran, can't say.If you planned to spend a lot of time lounging around in the hotel, this may not be for you. But if you just want to crash there it's pretty good. HUGE bed, efficient staff, clean bathroom with big mirrors.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>moescotland
<Content>Be prepared to share your room with tiny strangers We have recently returned from Holiday Inn Walk of Fame, on Highland Avenue, Hollywood, LA. The best feature about the hotel is the convenient location 鈥?only a 5 minute walk from Hollywood Boulevard, where you鈥檒l find such attractions like the Graumann鈥檚 Chinese Theatre, Walk of Fame, Hollywood  Highland Shopping Mall, Wax Museum, Ripley鈥檚 Believe it or Not and Guinness Museums, and many souvenir shops and Capitol Records Building to name a few. The Hollywood Bowl is within easy driving distance, as is the Universal Studios Theme Park (about 10 mins drive).The room was very clean and tidy with just one very tiny exception 鈥?ANTS! I鈥檓 not sure if this problem is common throughout the entire hotel but we definitely had literally hundreds of these crawling all over the bedside areas (including some which managed to find their way onto the duvet) and the window area was all full of them (room 609). Apart from this, the actual hotel itself was clean and tidy, and staff were also friendly. They do a free transfer to and from Universal Studios with the hotel鈥檚 own Minibus, which is very handy. We found the hotel reception to be very average; I鈥檓 not going to say they were rude like some other reviewers, because that was definitely not the case with us. The concierge is very friendly and approachable, he鈥檚 the one to call if you want to book a tour/limo, want info on attractions, etc. He was actually more helpful than the reception. The other staff are also extremely helpful; they are very quick to bring you fresh towels or razors, etc, etc. There is public internet access downstairs, but you have to use a credit card for this, otherwise there are modems in each room for laptops. There is a gym which is nothing to get too excited about (a treadmill and a weight machine to be exact). The hot tub and pool are nice although it is only 4ft deep, meaning its child friendly. There is also a restaurant located downstairs but we didn鈥檛 use it 鈥?why bother when you have so many Italian pizza/pasta shops, Subway, McDonalds and Burger King within 5 mins!If you are arriving at LAX airport, then the best way to this hotel is by Airport Shuttle Bus, which costs around $11 pp, you can also book this method to return to the airport via the concierge. I noticed that a lot of the previous reviews mention that the lifts were faulty, but I can report that this problem is sorted now 鈥?they may be slow, but definitely safe and not noisy.I would recommend the Stars Homes Tour (Beverly Hills, Rodeo Drive and Bel Air), which lasts 2 hours and is definitely worth the money and of course, Universal Studios both of which are great fun for the full family.So, the best advice I can give if you are choosing this hotel is ask to see the room they give you BEFORE moving all your stuff in to avoid any unwelcome guests.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	2	3	5	3	

<Author>laurastar4
<Content>would stay here again! I stayed at the Holiday inn on the Walk on my first trip to LA - and although it's obviously no 5 star hotel, I thought it was great! The rooms were in good condition, clean and of a good standard. The hotel staff were really friendly - have kept in contact with some of them. They were very helpful, and offered some great suggestions on things to do. The hotel driver was fantastic also.The rest of the hotel was in good condition, and of a good standard too. The gym was well kept, as was the pool area.We ordered room service a few times, and the food was always delivered in good time, and there was nothing to complain about. The restaurant was also nice - if you go over Thanksgiving like we did you get a great feast!!The hotel is on a main road, but apart from the occasional big truck going past at night it wasn't a huge problem!It's a really short walk to the Walk of fame and Hollywood and Highland (like 5 mins), and almost directly opposite the hotel there are a few shops including starbucks, subway and a mini mart (with the BEST pizza I have ever had - no lie!)It is also worth noting that the hotel offers free transportation to Universal studios - huge selling point!!!!All in all it was a great hotel - would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel of Holiday Without doubt, the worst hotel that we stayed in during our 3 week holiday in the States. It is situated alongside a very noisy seven lane motorway, and the only way to drown the noise was to turn the air-con up to very high so that there was an acceptable level of noise inside the room. The furnishing of the room was very delapidated and none too clean.Immediately adjacent to the hotel, they were demolishing some old buildings, so there was airborne dust and debris falling onto guests who were using the swimming pool, plus the associated noise of this work, something that we had not been advised of when booking.The road between the hotel and the famous walk of fame is badly in need of repair on the broken and debris littered pavements. Plus, it is a fairly intimidating walk when you are continually confronted by people begging for money, and the obvious drunks and druggies in that area.After breakfast, you can not get a snack or a drink at either the hotel or the swimming pool until the evening, unless you use the very limited vending machines.The staff are very ignorant, and are more concerned with talking to one another, than with the needs of the guests. and all seem only Tip orientated. Very definitely the hotel is not up to the standards of U.K. Holiday Inns, and certainly could not meet up with Brit. requirements as a holiday hotel.The drinks at the bar, and the meals at the dining room, are very much overpriced, and there is no entertainment available. And other people that we met there, who were also most dissatisfied with every thing, and duly complained, were told, well what do you expect it is only a 3 star hotel!!. Plus others who had, like us stayed in Vegas prior to coming to this establishment, had pointed out that it cost exactly double the price for the room at this hotel, with none of the facilities that they had in Vegas.The food at the hotel is very limited as well as being way overpriced, and once ordered, they bring your first course, along with your bill, which includes a 15 percent service charge. Now I have no objection to paying a service charge if I am given service, but surely that decision must be at my discretion, not on the whim of some surly waiter or the hotel to decide for non existent service.All in all, a very poor hotel, and one that should be removed from Brit. holiday brochures as being totally unsuitable for purpose.The concierges at the hotel are continually pushing the various trips that are available to the guests, and I would suggest that you give the tour of the Stars Homes a miss, as all you see are hedgerows, gates  rooftops, a total and again overpriced joke.One saving grace of our stay there,was the trip to Universal Studios which must be recommended, absolutely superb. But under no circumstances must you book it through the concierge, as it is much, much cheaper if you get your own ticket at the gate when you get there. Also, request the free shuttle bus to the Studios from the hotel, as the concierge will not tell you about this, as he wants to push for the package deals on offer, so will not tell you about this aspect. I wonder why?All in all, this hotel should be designated as a motel just for transient clients rather than as a venue for a foreign holiday tourist, and we certainly would not stay there again, so be warned.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Safari_Advice
<Content>Okay Hotel - but watch for the credit card account. Like other writers we too arrived home to find that we had been charged for our room even though it had been prepaid. I sent three emails ranging from polite to terse and also made two telephone calls - all with the same lack of response; i.e nil. So I complained through my bank and disputed the charge. We did get refunded, but the exchange rate had changed and we are still out of pocket. That's the negative. The positive - great location - but isn't Hollywood a small place? Three/four blocks and it is all over - not like we thought it would be. The guy at the travel desk was a gem - of the old school, knowledgeable and curteous - a rare find! The room was showing wear and tear but it was comfortable and not pokey. I do think that there might be better properties in the area.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>can't fault this hotel I stayed with family ( 2 rooms) for 4 nights at Holiday Inn, and while there was nothing to rave about, we found the rooms clean and well maintained and the staff very friendly and helpful. The pool area was also well maintained with plenty of fresh towels and the spa great after walking all day. The position, especially for tourists without a car is the main reason I would recommend the hotel, as it is a 5 minute easy walk to the corner of Hollywood and Highland and the Metro station as well as the Hollywood tourist strip.We didn't eat at the hotel, but I can recommend the Japanese restaurant which is right across the street where there is also a convenience store for snacks etc. a Starbucks and a pizza place.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>danichlo
<Content>Average hotel I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during February. We arrived at around 8pm having driven down from San Francisco. I have phoned the hotel to say that we would be arriving later (the room had been pre-paid in the UK). We had booked a non-smoking family room. We excitedly got our keys (we had a wonderful room at the Hilton, San Francisco and this one was more expensive so we had high expectations)....how disappointed were we!!! The decor was bland and worn but worse of all was the smell of smoke which hit us at the door!!! I immediately went back to reception and complained that we had booked a non-smoking room to which I was told there were none available (this had been booked months ago!!!) There was NO explanation and No apology for not supplying the room we had booked. They moved us to a room which had been modified for 'disabled' use. The room was spacious BUT my daughters aged 16 and 12 would have to share the tiniest fold up bed. It just wasn't good enough. The following morning we returned to reception where the lady moved us to a 'family' room without any problems. We didn't eat at the restaurant as there are so many nearby. There is a subway directly across from the hotel. It is also within walking distance to the Boulevard where there is a wide selection of places to eat. We particulary liked Mel's Diner.They are very keen to get you signed up for any tours at the conceirge desk.....and can be quite pushy. We did a tour of Stars homes. Also there is a charge for car parking (per night) which they are keen to enforce!!!The best aspect about this hotel is its location.....but it fails when it comes to customer service and the decor could do with a re-vamp. If I return to Hollywood I would look at other options.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Norfolktravellers
<Content>Location, Location, Vacation We spent 6 nights at the Holiday Inn at the start of our holiday - it wasn't a great start. After a long flight, we wanted to check in straight away, but our rooms weren't ready - this was 4pm. We had to sit and wait in Reception for about 1/2 hr, before they got us some rooms. The girl on Reception was trying hard, and when they were ready she gave us a morning's complimentary breakfast. Valet parking was $17 per day - the men were efficient and friendly.The rooms were clean and tidy - we had a fault on the second day with one of the toilets - this was repaired within minutes of us reporting it.We had breakfast every morning in the hotel - the choice was good (continental or full) and the staff were friendly and efficient.The location is really good - within easy walking distance of the Walk of Fame, Kodak Theatre, Manns Chinese Theatre and shops. Good access to Interstate 5 and the 101 - these are the roads you need for Disney, Universal or Six Flags Theme Parks. The driving's not as bad as it looks in the movies!If we went back to this area we would stay here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MissAmandaMay
<Content>Horrible I wish I could give this hotel zero stars. I have spent the past month and a half in hotels around Los Angeles whilst waiting for my apartment to be ready. I am a very easy-going person and am not even remotely overly critical - which is why you should take what I say to heart. This has been by far and away the WORST hotel experience i've ever had. The women who work at the front desk (ie - ignore you while they chat and then treat you rudely) are horrific. I repeatedly asked for a non-smoking room (I have a 3 year old with asthma) and twice was given a disgusting, smokey room. These rooms are as bad as any motel 6 (actually, worse) I was afraid to let my son walk around barefoot or touch the sticky, dirty furniture. Beyond disgusting. And I have pretty low standards! One evening I realized that I needed a couple of towels. I phoned down to the front desk (the woman acted as if I was annoying her just by calling) and the woman told me if I wanted them I'd have to come and get them. It was 10pm and I was in my pajamas and my son was asleep so I couldn't leave him alone. Even after explaining this the woman rudely said well, you can come and get them or not. To top it off I was charged by the hotel for my stay even though I had already paid through Priceline. After reading some reviews on here, I can see that this has happened to other people. I also had a mysterious $75 charge which no one at the hotel can seem to explain to me. I have been given a serious run-around - but trust me, I will be getting my money refunded. Don't let them take you for a ride too!! The location isn't worth all of this horror. There are many other better hotels in the area. Try ANY of them before this one.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location My daughter and I stayed at this hotel during April 2006. As we were travelling alone, safety was important to us and this hotel was situated in a busy area so we had no problems there. We found all the staff to be very friendly and helpful and we were able to check into our room slightly early. We had a 2 double bed room and were very pleased with the size and cleanliness of the room. It was overlooking the street so a little bit of noise from there but nothing to worry about. With regard to location, couldn't get any better as it is only about a 5 minute walk to the Hollywood Walk of Fame. We took advantage of the free hotel shuttle bus to Universal Studios on the Saturday and on Sunday did the movie stars home tour which is definitely worth doing just to appreciate the other world that they live in!!!! We didn't see as much as we were hoping to as the tube system is not very good and the buses not particularly direct so a car would have been handy (but then again, wouldn't have wanted to drive there!!) Overall, very pleased with the hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Solemn-Angel
<Content>Great Location - Shame about the service       Hotel  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>IWMR
<Content>Good location, reasonable value We stayed here for 2 nights and found the hotel comfortable and not overly noisy (apart from the air conditioning). The staff were polite. The breakfast was good but pricey. The location was fine and not too far from Holliwood Boulevard or the Holliwood Bowl. One annoyance was that we picked up from other reviews that the free shuttle to Universal Studios gets booked up quickly. When I phoned prior to leaving the UK I was told that it would be OK to book on arrival. needless to say the shuttle was booked up when we arrived!Howvere there is a tram stop on the corner of Holliwood Boulevard which is only one stop away from Universal.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>H&SP
<Content>Fantastic location We stayed at this hotel in September last year. This was our first visit to LA and we had a fantastic time. This hotel was in a great location for visiting all the Hollywood sites - just a five minute walk downhill to the Hollywood-Highland centre and the Walk of Fame. Some reviews have commented on the walk back to the hotel at night but we felt perfectly safe and not at all worried at any time. The rooms were large in size even by American standards but why would you spending much time in there anyway. The concierge offered to order a taxi for us for $40 to take us to the airport. This turned out to be a lovely leather seated Lincoln with a driver in a suit - well worth it and only a few dollars more than a shared van which we normally use. Try looking at the Intercontinental Hotels Group website for a good deal and while you are there sign up for the free Priority Club - doesn't cost anything but you get different offers at the hotels such as free drinks. There is a handy Subway sandwich shop and grocery store across the road from the hotel which is handy for stocking up on juice etc. For eating there are plenty of choices on Hollywood Boulevard and we can highly recommend the Hamburger Hamlet. If you are planning to visit all the main sights then think about purchasing a City Pass. You can buy this online before travelling or at the tour booth in the Hollywood-Highland Centre. This covers your entry to the Hollywood Entertainment Museum, the Kodak Theatre tour, The Max Factor Museum (much more than makeup!) and a Movie Stars Homes tour amongst other things. We also did the Warner Bros Studio Tour (you can get there easily by bus from Hollywood Boulevard) which was well worth it. We also did the NBC studio tour when we were there but I wouldn't rush back. So can't recommend this hotel enough and will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Stayed here four 4 nights in Mar 06. Great location near sights but there is road noise and the walk to the main sights was a bit dodgy. I was disappointed with this hotel after staying at two much nicer Holiday Inns on my trip (Heathrow and San Francisco). The bell boy was annoyingly pushy, breakfast staff rude and the hotel in need of a bit of modernisation (leaky taps, noisy air-conditioning even when off, dated decor). Also, the breakfast itself was not very good. It was the only place on our two week holiday that we tipped the minimum 15% and that was because it was automatically added to the bill. There were also groups of teenagers staying when we were there, who ran through the corridors and slammed doors noisily late at night. Didn't have any of the perks of the San Francisco hotel - no breakfast included, expensive water in the rooms (although it was available for half the price in the vending machines), no free internet access, local calls charged. Small things and worth putting up with if you get a really cheap deal but it all added up to a feeling that staff looked on guests as more of a nuisance and money-grabbing opportunity than a customer. Then came home to find I'd been charged for the rooms on my credit card despite having already paid through Thomas Cook. Two weeks later I'm still waiting for the promised refund to show on my credit card. My compliments go to the reception staff and evening restaurant food and staff. However, overall, I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jasmel
<Content>Strange experience       Room 728  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very average Stayed here for two nights two weeks ago for $350. For my money was very average and a bit disappointing. For a start is not on Walk of Fame at all is about 10 min walk down poorly lit road - there is a very busy intersection at which the lights didnt work sometimes as well. As a solo female traveller I felt a bit vulnerable. Also very easy to accidentally end up paying $12 for pay per view and even when you want to watch it you cant pause or rewind. Kettle non existent instead some form of filter machine that didnt work at all and made a mess everywhere - also restaurant didnt work 24 hours so couldnt get snack when was v hungry to combat my jet lag. Staff friendly enough but reception staff seemed to be serving about 3 people at once so you never knew where you were at with what you wanted done. Bonus though was phone for international calls that cost 10 cents per minute to UK however you can get phone cards that work out even cheaper than this from many stores.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sally24
<Content>Fantastic location, great room My daughter and I stayed for two nights at this hotel in March. Although I had read some bad reviews, I have to say that we were delighted with our room. It was on an upper floor and we were at the back section of the hotel, away from the road. Our room was peaceful and roomy, and overlooked the pool area. It was cleaned and made up promptly each day and well supplied with toiletries etc. The location was so convenient; only a five minute walk to Hollywood Boulevard. The Concierge was most welcoming and very helpful. The desk staff when we checked in were friendly, but one of the girls who was on the front desk on our last day was a bit offhand with us. Still, on the whole, a great hotel and I am glad we found it.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jules_UK
<Content>Enjoyable stay The Hotel was in a great location, with Hollywood Boulevard an easy walk away.The Hotel is easy to find from the 101, just down the road from the Hollywood Bowl.The rooms are clean and comfortable. I would recommend the hotel for anyone wanting to stay in LA. I wouldn't stay here again, and certainly not with a car. It was a nightmare to get back into the Hotel unless you approach it from the right hand side. We found to our peril, after going to see a British band on the day we arrived. We came home as the Hollywood Bowl was kicking out, there were hundreds of people walking on the pavements and the police wouldn't let us drive the way we were familiar with. After a scary half an hour of driving around in unfamiliar territory, we finally found the hotel again, but were on the wrong side to enter the car park. We just took a chance and had to manouvre across 3 lanes of fast traffic and pavements full of people, with horns being blasted behind us! Never again!This year we will visit LA from Santa Barbara or Long Beach and then get the hell out of the city!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So So hotel We were in town for the academy awards. This hotel is a good location and within a couple blocks of the Kodak Theatre - but the area is a little questionable and I wouldn't walk in the area at night (homeless people sleeping at bus stops and wandering the area). The restaurant food has something to be desired - very little variety and seems like everything is microwaved and very overpriced. Restaurant is only open from 6:30 am to 10:30 am and then again from 5 pm to 10 pm. Room was ok - had some kind of odor and you heard traffic noice all night long. Walls are not very soundproof and you can hear the people in the next room clear as a bell just like they were in your room. Given the price, I would stay at the Renaissance which is just down the street and not much more in price.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adservizi
<Content>Good touristic hotel This is a good touristic hotel in which you just sleep and visit places during the day.Very helpful staff.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value for Money We stayed at this hotel for a week in total. The rooms were very clean and serviced everyday. It was a great location as you were only a 5 minute walk to the Walk of Fame. The staff were great and friendly and helpful. The only downside was the food. We preferred to eat out for breakfast as it just wasn't great. There was Mel's DIner just down the road, plus they also deliver free of charge and the food there was excellent. The rooms were spacious, clean and even had free Wifi access. I would definately stay there again if I was going back to Hollywood as it was good value for money.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, Great Value  We stayed at the Holiday Inn in August for four nights. On arrival the only downside was the fact that there was a daily rate for parking. The room was clean and well serviced. The pool area was great and well maintained. We experienced problems with a pre-arranged tour which we did not organise through the tour desk, but the manager was more than happy to assist and went out of his way to help with the problem. Supermarket just across the road which had everything we needed. Very quick walk to Hollywood Bvd. Will definitely be staying here again on my next trip.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sharpette
<Content>Good Hotel - Good Location Stayed for 2 nights in this hotel and thought the reception staff were fantastic. After our luggage was lost by the airline they offered us complimentary toiletries and directions to get to the shops to buy a change of clothes. Hotel is very close to the walk of fame and the kodak theatre. A great Japanese restaurant is 1 minute down the road. Hotel rooms were very big and spotlessly cleaned. Pool was great with a very hot jacuzzi. Would stay here again if returning to Hollywood.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>adgino
<Content>good location I can only agree with Keith from London, my problem was with the food and the restaurant, avoid it.I think that this hotel needs to have a good manager and than it will be even better.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Location, Hated the Service It was my husband and my first trip to Southern California, and we were excited to enjoy all that Hollywood has to offer. We've stayed in a few hotels in our lives, and trust Holiday Inn for quality and service. Hollywood certainly didn't disappoint us, but our service at this hotel absolutely did. We made a reservation for two nights online through the official Holiday Inn website, but when we arrived (despite the fact that we had a confirmation number, a receipt from the site and various other documents) the receptionist insisted we were booked for only one night's stay. When we checked in we were informed of the glitch in the reservation system, and were assured that the next day everything would be worked out. The next morning, we spent more than an hour at the front desk as the receptionists (there were two for the morning shift) tried to tell us that we would have to change rooms but that there was a possibility that none were available. They had booked the room we were in for a party that night. For being just a glitch in the system it seemed to put quite a damper on our stay in the hotel. No effort was made by the hotel or hotel staff to accomodate us,and we left the hotel extremely disappointed by the courtesy of the staff and the attitudes of those responsible for customer relations. One of the receptionists couldn't even take the time to get off the phone with someone who was obviously NOT a client or employee of the hotel to devote her full attention to us and the matter at hand.After a frustrating hour of wasted time and rude comments from the receptionists (both of them) the seemingly minor problem was worked out and we were allowed to stay in the room we had booked. However, we received no consideration or apology from the front desk staff for the inconvenience and headache the glitch caused. We have lost our faith in the Holiday Inn reputation, and will never again book a room in a Holiday Inn hotel.The best thing about this hotel is its location. But you're looking for service as well, we suggest you look elsewhere. For the price, excellent service should have been included.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>HappyHillsideFamily
<Content>Fantastic Location  Having read other reviews of this hotel, my family and I, (six adults and two young children), decided to book it for the apparent value and location, even though it had been suggested that there was a 'fair walk' to the attractions. Nonsense!Having flown direct to LA from the UK, rented two cars and driven to the hotel, (we had no idea where we were going), we were tired, hungry and ready for a quick bite and bed. As such, when we were warmly greeted by reception staff and immediately provided with three rooms, (as requested, adjacent to each other), with no fuss, or delay, we were delighted.Our rooms were spacious, spotlessly clean and equipped with comfortable beds, tea/coffee making facilities, cooling/heating systems which worked very well, good lighting and bathrooms that were, again, spotless and had full-sized baths with powerful showers above. Towels are small, (more like flannels, even for bathing purposes), but these were changed daily and the standard of the maid service was beyond reproach.As for the walk to 'the attractions', we were half expecting to be mugged every time we trecked to town, but to our pleasant surprise, not once were we approached on Highland Avenue. In fact (and believe you me, I believe in calling a spade a shovel!), the four/five minute walk to Hollywood  Sunset was along a major road, which was extremely well lit and in fact, just past the church used for filming the two 'Sister Act' movies and The Rennaisance Hotel, one of the most expensive in LA, so the location couldn't have been that bad! There were never any signs of any untoward persons and on visiting Starbucks at 05:30 on two separate mornings, (jetlag can play havoc on the body clock and coffee is a must!), again, warm greetings were provided and no strange folk were noted.As for the staff at the hotel, I must offer them all our thanks and a 5* rating. They were ever helpful, informative, attentive and willing and eager to do anything to assist, at any time of the day, or night, without forever holding ut their hands for dollars in tips). Unlike hotel staff in a major league resort, (say, Vegas, where we moved to afterwards and where you're just 'a customer reference number'), the Holiday Inn's staff treated guests like guests and could do nothing more for us from our viewpoint.The hotel's facilities were exellent for the money; there's a heated outdoor pool and jacuzzi, high-speed internet access, (expensive, but fast) and as stated, the location was unsurpassed. Parking is $17 per day with unlimited in-out privelages and 24hr desk and valet staff to attend to one's needs. Safety deposit boxes are free, the usual ice and vending machines are located on each floor and whilst the restaurant doesn't open before 06:30, (see my early morning need for coffee as above), they were as terrific. All in all, we found there to be no failings with this Holiday Inn and our stay afforded us superb value and an unrivalled location, just minutes from the I101 N  S, (which is fantastic for Disney, LAX, or Universal Studios.I guess the question that should be best asked to judge our true opinion of the hotel is whether we would stay there again in the future? If the truth be known and money wasn't an issue, sure we'd stay at The Rennaisance eighty yards down the road. However, for the same money, we wouldn't stay anywhere else but the Holiday Inn!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mediocre stay My daughter and I were booked into this hotel after reading reviews. What a mistake.It was a lot further from the sights than we thought and in not a very nice area at all.You have to walk along a main road to get to any attractions,it was very scary.The hotel itself seemed nice when you first walk in and check in was fine,but noone helped us with our bags,we had to lug them to the fifth floor by ourselves.The elevators were very slow but worked fine.Upon reaching our room it seemed OK if dated,but closer inspection revealed what looked like a bloodstain on the carpet,we had to leave our shoes on until we were in bed.There was a huge cockroach in the bathroom,my daughter refused to go in there and went down to the lobby to use the toilet there.When my son rang from Australia late at night the man on reception hung up on him.We were booked for three nights but after some quick shopping we checked out after just one.The receptionist got hostile when I said we were leaving early,but got friendlier when I said we didnt want our money back and arranged for a shuttle to the airport for us.I would not reccomend this hotel to anyone and would not stay there again if I ever visited this country again,which is very unlikely.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sgh1
<Content>Nice place to stay Stayed here in mid November for a couple of nights on the way back from Hawaii. We were happy with this accommodation and enjoyed our stay here.We travelled on the airport shuttle bus from LAX International Airport which did take Some time but isn鈥檛 a bad service. It cost us 15 dollars one way.Check in staff were nice enough. We had a room on the 7th Floor which gave us a view of the pool. The room was not a bad size, bathroom was slightly small but both were clean and well kept. The restaurant was a bit overpriced but the food isn鈥檛 bad. However there are cheaper places to eat within easy walking distance. There is a nice place to get doughnuts and breakfast just a couple of blocks to the right on the opposite side of the street. The hotel does have a complementary bus to Universal but there are only about 9 seats. It was booked up till 11:15 which is too late to arrive at Universal if you want to enjoy everything there. We caught a cab which cost 13 dollars. You can use the metro system too.The walk of fame is about a 5-7 minute walk away and there is always lots going on there. I recommend Mel鈥檚 Diner, it just like stepping back in to the fifties. Just be sensible and aware of everything around if you are walking back to the hotel very late at night. Nice place to stay but for us we鈥檇 only stay in the area a few nights and move on if we went back.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! We spent three nights at Holiday Inn Hollywood - Walk of Fame. Our room was spacious and very clean. We were extremely happy with our stay. The room was nothing fancy, but we were very comfortable there. The walk was short to attractions and the service was wonderful at the hotel. We would recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Flier
<Content>Wonderful Staff Would recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff were so helpful nothing was a problem. We arrived from Australia at 10 in the morning and thought we would have to wait a few hours before we could settle in but they had us in our room in 20 mins. Only a 5 minute walk to the Chinese Mann Theatre. Food in the restaurant was great. So if you are looking for a hotel keep this one in mind.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked the HIW-WOF Based on a reviews at trip advisor, a friend and I travelled to LA and stayed at the HIH-WOF. We're in our 30s and in decent shape (he is anyway) and can walk at a fair clip. We shared a room facing the back of the hotel, overlooking the pool. It was a little cool and there was a lot of rain during our few days (remember seeing houses sliding off hills on the news?) but in February that's what you get.The room we were in had two double beds and although it didn't appear to be as new as the lobby, the room was clean and quiet and there was enough room for us to move around. Clean and safe were major for us. Tv, pool, etc. weren't high priorities. The staff were good too.Breakfast was cheaper at Mel's down the street than at the hotel.We walked, took the subway and rented a car. We walked a lot- we walked from the market near CBS studios back to the hotel (2h+). The walk from the hotel to the Kodak theatre took about 10 minutes and the nearby Renaissance Hollywood Hotel had a car rental place (can't remember the name) where we picked up a car (too chilly for convertible) to go to Santa Monica and Disneyland (we dropped off at LAX a couple days later - no drop off fee from what I remember).There were a lot of people around and Hollywood was safer than I thought it would be. That said, two guys walking together may prevent some situations.The hotel is near, by car, the WB and Universal studios. I can't remember if we paid for a shuttle from the hotel or they provided free. Both worth checking out if you're into tv and/or movies. Saw Wisteria Lane and Gilmore Girls and ER locations.Took the subway Saturday morning to take a tour of downtown. My friend appreciates architecture. We don't have a subway at home so I recommend it for others who don't. It was safe, fast and cheap. We took it back to the hotel from Oliveri(?) Street late one night and it was still ok. Note: we took cabs but they cost a lot to me (seemed like US$30+ per ride) because the city is so huge and we wanted to get to every corner.The walking tour of downtown LA was done by Red Line Tours ----- Bradbury Building304 S. Broadway. I think we took the Historic Downtown Los Angeles tour. Contact them the day before to let them know you're coming for sure. The guide was very informative and the headsets worked really well on the busy streets. We had great weather for this Saturday morning tour.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Parking Hassle We stayed at the Holiday Inn in Hollywood,Ca. At 10:30 pm we went out to our car to get some luggage. The parking attendant wanted us to move our car to a space that was too small because he wanted our space for an SUVand a tip from that driver. We moved our car to the tiny space to be nice but our car got scratch. It ruined our night.The next morning we went to the front desk and complained. We filled out an incident report but we do not think we will be compensated for the scratch. I did make a point of asking the front desk to refund the parking which was $17. They refunded it immediately.Otherwise hotel was clean, and quiet. Staff was very polite and courteous The airconditioning was nice but hard to sleep because it was a little loud.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Geat location for Hollywood Walk of Fame We stayed at the hotel for six nights in August, as part of a family holiday to LA from the UK.Biggest plus for the hotel is it's location if you want to be close to the centre of Hollywood Boulevard, a five minute walk downhill brings you to Hollywood and Highland, Kodak theatre, etc. Or walk the other way, and the road takes you straight to Hollywood Bowl. But the walk up from Hollywood Boulevard is uphill, and could be quite tiring in the heat of the day, (for those of us who aren't as fit as we could be!). This is a main road and always very busy. We didn't feel theatened walking into town day or evening. The area is also used as overflow carparking for the Hollywood Bowl, so most evenings there are hoards of people making there way up hill to the concerts. Once dark, the road was well lit by floodlights on a nearby building, and we felt perfectly at ease, although late at night this may be different. Once you've done all the touristy things in Hollywood Boulevard, the rest is a bit rundown and trashy. You'll probably want to explore further afield. A few more family-friendly restaurants would have been useful. Staff at reception were all very helpful, and the concierge had discounted day tickets to Universal studies. The hotel runs a shuttle there three times daily, but we found the times very limiting, (last one out 11:30am, last one back 6:30pm) and seats had to be booked well in advance (2 days for a family of 4). We opted to drive ourselves. Parking at Universal is very straightforward, and I think costs $10. The reception and dining room areas are bright and well decorated, but some modernisation, with brighter paint and different carpet in the corridors would work wonders. Rooms are clean, spacious, and very well sound proofed. Decor again is uninspired, but perfectly OK. Only let down was the beds; extremely firm, and took some getting used to!Our rooms overlooked the main road at the front of the hotel. This is extremely busy throughout the day, and so there was considerable traffic noise until well into the evening. But we did get a great view over the Hollywood rooftops, and also up to the hills. (Not the Hollywood sign, but this is right in front of you as you walk up from Hollywood Boulevard). The hotel provide a buffet breakfast, Full American (hot) or Continental, which are good value, and very convenient. Otherwise it's a short drive or walk if you fancy something different - Mel's Diner off Hollywood Boulevard is good. For snacks, there's a Subway in the plaza just across the way, and several other fast-food outlets within a few minutes walk. The hotel also has a small bar area if you feel like a drink or coffee in the evening. The hotel has a medium sized pool at the back, with a hot-tub, sunbeds, tables and chairs. We found that to use the pool we had to plan our day to be by the pool in the morning, as it's in shade from mid-afternoon. This may not fit in the LA weather - whilst we were there it was overcast most morning, with the sun breaking through around midday. Hot all afternoon, then cooled off more than we expected in the evening. Good idea to bring a sweater.Parking space at the hotel is at a premium - there is stack parking, where you hand over your keys to the valet and they do the rest, but it worked fine. We thought the hotel offered good value for money for such a prime location in central Hollywood. If we were heading back to this part of Hollywood, we'd probably stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GeorgieTibbs
<Content>Not bad We came to Hollywood from London for 7 nights and didn't go anywhere else, we purely came for the Walk Of Fame and this hotel couldn't have been better for that.It was a spit from the boulavard and the Kodak theatre. You could walk to Sunset strip, Graumans, and Rodeo drive and Beverley Hills was a bus ride away.The hotel was a little dated inside but the rooms were biggish and had everything expected. The reception people were really helpful and kind. On the last night some rowdy teenagers moved in next door and the receptionist phoned their room and threatened them with paying our bill if we were not happy! That soon shut them up!I found the area slightly intimadating after dark but had my 6 tall b'friend with me so had no problems at all. There are quite a few wacky looking people and homeless around who give the wrong impression. We went for a long bus ride during the day and had absolutley no problems at all.The hotel restaurant was ok, nothing too exciting but not too expensive either, so hey?The tours advertised in the hotel seem pretty organised, we did a couple. The star's homes tour is best right outside Graumans - starline tours. We went twice and both times the different drivers showed us different homes. Watch out for a celeb star being put down too. We saw Keanu Reeves doing his and you can get up really close, much closer than celebs in the U.K.Universal Studios is cool and the hotel run a shuttle. We picked up gold passes at the gate for half the price of pre-booked gold passes and you get a guide, queue hopping and an extended back lot tour. Well worth the money (about $99 pp if you get a spot on the day or $199 if you pre-book!)Overall, the hotel was fine. You must try the hot tub - looks out over the road and down onto the boulavard. Kinda wierd for us from blighty!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>uksunLV
<Content>Fine Rooms were a good size if a little dated, you are very close to Hollywood boulevard and all it's tourist attractions like the kodak theatre and graumans chinese theatre. The only thing I was not so sure about was walking back to the hotel at night, it's a very short walk from Hollywood and Highland but can seem a little daunting because of a couple of shady characters. Nothing to worry about if you have a car which we used most of the time.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scotken
<Content>Holiday Inn - Hollywood Walk of Fame The room was large and spacious, think it had been designed to accomodate guests with disabilities. However beyong the reception the hotel is quite dated looking.For what we wanted (a bed to sleep at night) it was reasonable although it was not as good as the other 3 star hotels we stayed in on the same trip. We did eat in the hotel one night although this was not very good as they did not have one of the items on the menu and we generally felt a bit rushed and did not get very good value in comparison to places outside the hotel.The location is ideal for the walk of fame and the red line metro to universal. However we found longer journeys (santa monica and long beach) took at least 90 minutes each way using public transport. This is obvioulsy not a criticism of the hotel but reflects the huge size of LA. Perhaps next time I would base myself in a couple of places, maybe staying in santa monica for a couple of days and hollywood for a couple in order to reduce daily travel  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kiwimegs
<Content>fabulous hotel-would definately stay again We stayed at this hotel from 7th may to the 16th. Great location, short walk to the walk of fame, close to metro and bus stops. A starbucks, subway and small grocer are across the road which was great for late night dinners. The rooms were large and very clean. Everyone was very helpful, we had pre-booked tours before we left australia which were cancelled. The concierge was great and assisted us with booking other tours. After reading other reviews, was a bit cautious about leaving the hotel at night, but as two females we felt quite safe, walking around at night. Would definately stay here again.!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice clean friendly hotel I stayed at this hotel with my friend for a week from 12th to 19th April 05. We had no problems at all. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, the rooms were really big and were cleaned every day. I can't understand why negative reviews have been written !. The pool / spa area was always being cleaned by staff and clean towels are left for you on the sun loungers and a maid comes round doing regular spot checks. We had breakfast in the restaurant a few times and also ordered room service in the evening, the food was great and piping hot even though it had come up 6 floors !The Concierge were falling over themselves to help you with tours, taxis etc. They gave us advice on what we should expect to pay in taxis and info on tours etc. They have a hotel bus and they were happy to drop us off on Sunset Strip rather than us pay for a taxi which I thought was nice of them.The location is great, a 5 min walk to the Walk of Fame, Kodak Theatre, Manns, etc. I agree with the previous advisor comments regarding the stretch of road from the hotel to Walk of Fame, we did feel a bit vulnerable at times as we saw a couple of dodgy characters walking along this road but I think they were probably harmless, I think we were a bit paranoid after reading other reviews ! I wouldn't advise to walk this stretch alone in the evening, in the daytime it was fine but we got taxis at night to be on the safe side.This was a really enjoyable holiday and I would definately stay here again. We booked out hotel through Trailfinders for a cheap price and we definately got value for money so don't take others negative comments to heart !  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>onmyholiday
<Content>Not as bad as I thought!!! After reading some reviews on this hotel was a bit worried we visited on 13 to 17.4.05.Rooms were large however hotel had a paper thin walls so could here in next room Lifts were working Reception and all staff extremely helpful Location was close to the Metro and Walk of Fame however there is about a 5 min walk from these along a stretch of road that I felt was dodgy in the evening. Not sure whether it was just me being paranoid however if I had been on my own I would have not walked along it. Overall the hotel was clean and reasonable for the amount we paid however the location made me feel unsafe.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing great about this hotel... I was paraniod about the lifts not working and werid smells in the hotel after reading the other reviews on this website, but thankfully both lifts were functioning during my 4 night stay at the hotel from 19 - 22 March 2005, and I was given a decent room on one of the higher floors. But in general, this hotel sucks and is not worth the full price that I paid for it. The bellhops were manipulative and rude, frontdesk staff were unfriendly and it's not really as conveniently located as I had imagined. True, it is a 5-8 minute walk to the Walk of Fame, Mann's Chinese Theatre and other attractions, but nobody ever mentioned the unsightly and dingy path along the highway that you have to walk past to get to the 'nice bits'. And yes, they do provide free shuttle service to and from Universal Studios, but so do most of the other hotels around that area. I wouldn't stay at this hotel again... When I checked out of the hotel, they overcharged me for my room rate, and weren't apologetic about their mistake! For US$129 per night, breakfast is not provided and you have to put up with annoying bellhops that loiter around the front entrance waiting to make a quick buck.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location Why all the negative reviews? I got this hotel from Priceline for a recent trip to LA, and it was great! The staff was friendly and accomodating. The room was a good size and clean. My only complaint - the parking is valet only and is not included in the price of the room, even when booked on Priceline. The hotel's manager (who was working at the front desk when we checked out - I was impressed!) mentioned that the hotel will be undergoing a major renovation soon, so it will be even nicer in the future!If you are a Priority Club member, you even get a few perks here (free drink ticket for the bar, bathrobes, discounted parking)Overall, a great experience. This was the cheapest place we stayed (of three different hotels in LA), and definitely the best deal for the money.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sacto76
<Content>Average hotel in good location Spent last Friday here for $60 through Priceline. Not the greatest hotel, but not the worst, and pretty good for the price/location. The lobby was small and the hotel felt a little worn but passable. The room was clean, and despite the fact it was right next to the elevators, was not noisy (unless you were in the bathroom strangely enough). Walking distance to the metro. My wife and I walked back from Hollywood/Highlands around 1am and did not feel unsafe. Certainly felt a lot safer than we would have doing the same downtown. Anyways, if you're just looking for a bed to sleep in and the price is right, this hotel does the trick.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TSW42
<Content>Don't Get Near the Lift Well after booking months in advance we got stuck with the room located directly behind the lift. The lift was like a jack hammer going off each time it went up. We got moved the next day to an end room, otherwise this hotel was a good hotel with a great location to the Walk of Fame, Metro and the Hollywood Bowl.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Not that bad and the location is amazing! I was quite nervous about staying here after reading all the negative reviews. Since I ended up getting this hotel as a result of a Priceline bid, I could not cancel it.My girlfriend and I stayed here from November 14 - 19. We arrived fairly late at night, so check-in was a breeze. No problems at all. I had called in advance to request a non-smoking room with a king bed, and upon check-in found they had me in a room with a non-smoking double-bed. They quickly changed it no problems asked.One word of caution - if you are cabbing from the hotel be ready for about a $50 USD cab ride. It's not $35 as the hotel web site says!!The front desk staff and consierge are all very helpful. We had missed a tour we booked and the consierge did everything he could so that we could catch up with the tour. Also, Katherine at the front desk was a big help answering any questions we had.I likely would only have given this hotel two stars, but for the price I paid ($64 USD) I felt I got a good deal relative to what I paid. If I had paid full price my feelings would likely be different.The location is the best thing going for this hotel. We wanted to minimize the days we needed a rental car for (especially given the outrageous parking fee charged by this hotel) and the location was key to us being able to acheive that.Our room was secure and standard - felt a bit rundown and old, but we didn't mind since the only time we were in our room was to sleep. The free shuttle to Universal Studios was a huge bonus, although the driver must have left early so we missed the last pickup of the night --8:30 (which we had pre-booked for). I called the hotel and they came and got us. The consierge was a bit pissed off, but whatever!As other reviewers have noted, only 1 elevator is working and it is possibly the slowest elevator in the world! It got very annoying, but we were on vacation so we weren't in too much of a rush anyhow. Also, the stairs lead right outside to the back parking lot so stairs weren't really an option a lot of the time.The only other real negative aspect of this hotel was the pool area. The hot tub was very nasty, had all sorts of gross things floating in it and was in need of a good cleaning. There are also tonnes of biting ants around the hot tub area so be careful. I would avoid this area all together.Two other notes on the Hollywood area:1. By our third night, we felt comfortable walking around at night right in front of the Chinese Theatre and the Kodak Theatre, etc. We ventured a bit away from these places at night and it got a bit seedy. We only went a couple blocks in either direction before feeling unsafe. We felt very safe in the hotel and directly outside it.2. Be careful if you are relying on cabs a great deal. They can easily tell if you are a tourist and will rip you off by taking a longer route. Also, one day we waited 45 minutes for a cab and it still didn't show up. Leave lots of time if using this as your main method of travel. All in all my girlfriend and I had a fantastic time in the Hollywood area and would definately go there again. We might try to get a different hotel, but again for the price I won't complain.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>crap hotel This is thre worst 3 star hotel i have ever stayed in.It had a very noisy lift that sounded like thunder travelling through the whole hotel, no room was excempt from the noise. We were continually told by the management that it would be fixed tomorow, however tomorow never came. The easy chair in our room was more suited for the dump as the arms well worn and greasy and looked dirty.This was such a pity as the hotel was in an excellent location. Never the less the staff were very helpful and understanding  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>neilat
<Content>Good Hotel - Excellent Location This is your standard Holiday Inn hotel. Nothing fancy, nothing to complain about. Rooms are a decent size. There is a pool and hot tub available. I was there early Nov and the elevators were (still!) not working fully.Breakfast at the hotel is fine. The best part is the location for the Hollywood attractions. Leave the hotel and turn left and within a couple of hundred meters you have the Hollywood Bowl (Look up for Hollywood sign). Turn right and within 5 mins walk you have the Walk of Fame, Kodak Theatre and Grauman's Chinese Theatre.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PJ_Melbourne
<Content>Close to everything Hollywood Stayed in Mid October, place was clean and tidy. 1 lift was being fixed so you would have to wait a few minutes but who cares you are on holidays just relax. This place is so close to Hollywood bolavard it takes no more tha 5 minutes to walk there and see all the sights. The free shuttle to Universal studios is fantastic an again only takes a few minutes. they even pick you up to come back to the hotel. Staff were ok had no problems really. Make sure if you go to take a day out to go to Universal studios its great. Would stay again if in Hollywood  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expect problems unless you book directly w/Holiday Inn We had gone through Priceline to book the room. When the desk clerk asked what type of room we wanted I requested a non-smoking double room. She then rudely told me she could only offer us a smoking king room. When I asked her why since I had called reservations and was told there were 9 standard double rooms available for the entire week she asked how we booked the room and I told her through Priceline. She then stated THEY hate Priceline and don't want to use it but keep getting overridden. After a 10 min discussion and questioning the Holiday Inn Hospitality Guarantee we were given a smoking double room. Only one of the two elevators worked and there was sometimes up to a 15 minute wait since the housekeeping and maintenace staff also used the same elevator. The stairs access is located outside behind the parking lot attendants stand - no lobby access. The room itself was clean and the housekeeping staff were friendly and helpful. Overnight parking is $14/day or $10/day if you are a Priority Club member (which we were). However, we wouldn't have known that if the parking lot attendant hadn't told us - the info was NOT volunteered by the desk clerk.All in all - unless you book directly through Holiday Inn don't expect the same type of hospitality you would otherwise.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hileantoir
<Content>Not the worst hotel I've stayed in We had booked three non smoking rooms at this hotel. When we checked in late on our first night there, we were told that we had been given the last three rooms available as all the other rooms were fully booked.My wife, daughter and I were given a room in the smoking level of the hotel which was very run down and reeked of foul smelling tobacco smoke including the beds and bedding. We used the room that night due to the fact we were exhausted and didn't feel like an argument with the hotel staff, but the following morning I asked to be moved to a non smoking room and was pleasantly surprised when the man on duty in reception said he would organise it for me, and, would organise for our luggage to be moved for us when we returned to the hotel after 1:00pm, as we were going out sightseeing.On our return we were given a key to our new room which was 400% better than our previous room, though we did have to move our luggage ourselves.Apart from that, we found the staff friendly and helpful, and honest, (my wife lost a purse with over $100.00 in it). One of the ladies who worked in reception found it and kept it in safe keeping and returned it to us when we enquired if someone had handed it in not expecting to see it again.The hotel is very close to Universal Studios and offers a free shuttle bus to and from there. and is a short walk from Hollywood Boulevard.In general we found the hotel pretty reasonable though it could probably do with a revamp of the decor.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fatboyofyork
<Content>Don't bother Give it a miss, a reflection of Hollywood itself, felt unsafe and unclean. By far the worst hotel I've experienced in the US, the door didn't even lock (only found out as we left, fortunately only stayed one night). If you have to visit Hollywood, park your car, see the chinese theatre handprints and then get right on out of there!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>briant2001
<Content>Hooray for Hollywood This was an OK hotel - we had a great view of the Hollywood sign, and it's situated just a block away from the Kodak Theatre!Free shuttle to Universal Studios was a great bonus!All in all a good stay, for a good rate!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Response to writer from brighton We stayed at Holiday Inn,Hollywood in July for 7 nights and was sorry to leave. We found the staff really friendly,the rooms basic but very clean  the location couldn't have been better. We would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>etwhwrth
<Content>Try somewhere else We stayed at the Holiday Inn for 2 nights at the end of July 2004. The location was good, close to sights and bus routes. Staff were polite. We had breakfast at the hotel and it was fine. However the room was looking tired and the a/c was very noisy. The carpets and decoration in the corridors were grubby and certainly needed replacing. The one lift which worked was very slow, noisy and extremely smelly. There is a pool but we didn't use it. If I was staying in Hollywood again I would look for another hotel. (The Renaissance looked good and the lobby area of the Roosevelt was impressive.)  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel I have EVER stayed in! Oh dear oh dear oh dear. I wouldn't want to stay in this dump of a hotel again if you paid me. I've been to plenty of hotels in plenty of places, and this one has the dubious honour of being easily the worst place I have ever stayed in.We booked it as usually, Holiday Inns are good, and this one was right by Hollywood Boulevard. With one exception, the staff were all downright rude and miserable, and made you feel like you were wrong for daring to bother them. The concierge guy was forever trying to sell you trips instead of giving you help. The food for the breakfast buffet was stale and horrible. And best of all, on two occasions, when we asked to change up a traveller's cheque, one of the most basic services of any hotel, they could not, as they said they didn't have any cash with them! They told us to try again later, and we got the same answer then!The lifts were extremely slow and made this horrendous vibrating, grinding noise that made us feel like the thing was going to break down at any time. On one morning, we were awoken by a workman drilling in the room directly above us.......at 7:30am! It took TWO angry calls to reception to get it to stop.I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy - avoid at all costs!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised On my first trip to LA I felt totally at home in the city and at the hotel. The staff treated me as a familiar friend and went out of their way to help me and make my stay incredible. The hotel was clean and had nice ammenities. The location is also perfect considering that I didn't have a car. All the major bus routes and the metro are just a block away at Hollywood Blvd. and from there I could get just about everywhere. The neighbourhood is safe and there are always people (or cars!) around. It's a fun area with the Hollywood/Highland Complex just down the street. I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just around the corner from hollywood walk of fame just right   showReview(2187991, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad   showReview(2078331, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel in the State   showReview(1808558, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SeattleCheesehead
<Content>A little too run down   showReview(1765101, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Antonia_7
<Content>Good for first timers   showReview(1554452, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good- But wouldn't pay full price   showReview(1491324, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(1423754, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davsyd
<Content>Alright Hotel!   showReview(1422806, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a nice place   showReview(1383802, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location, excellent service!   showReview(1088887, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇ㄥ皬銇曘亸銇仯銇︼綏   showReview(19169536, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜堟兂銇椼仸銇勩仧銈堛倞鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19166964, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>emilou11
<Content>Bonne situation       La piscine  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ERBOEMO
<Content>Ottimo albergo   showReview(10423938, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>perriot
<Content>bel hotel bien situ茅   showReview(8681443, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉堛儶銉椼儷   showReview(19160218, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€浜烘梾銇с倐姘楄唤銇埄鐢ㄣ仹銇嶃伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19158261, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>9鏃ラ枔銇粸鍦ㄣ仹銇椼仧銇?..   showReview(19928594, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹挎硦褰撲簨銇伨銇犮€併€屻偗...   showReview(19927707, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉€銈︺兂銈裤偊銉炽伀娉娿伨銈?..   showReview(19926698, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伀鐩存帴闆昏┍銈掋仐...   showReview(19926113, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉併儯銈ゃ儖銉笺偤銈枫偄銈裤兗...   showReview(19919117, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偣銉汇儵銈广儥銈偣锛掗兘...   showReview(19917692, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇°倗銇嗐仼鏀硅宸ヤ簨銈掋仐...   showReview(19917575, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍亹杩戞墍銇Щ杌倰銇椼仧...   showReview(19916969, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

