<Author>crimsontide85
<Content>Absolutely perfect for our group!!! Loved it! The Chateau Bourbon is perfect if you have a group of friends looking to have a good time in the French Quarter. The hotel takes up the Bourbon/Canal/Iberville block, so it's the perfect location for all that NOLA has to offer. The staff goes out of their way to make you feel welcome--our bellman was awesome and made everyone checking into the hotel sing with him! By far the best part of the hotel was our room--it was ENORMOUS. I bought the room through priceline and the room was described as having two double beds and a sitting area....well upon arrival we saw that our room was really a mini suite: we had an area with the two beds and then a separate area with a couch, chairs and a table, two TV's (perfect for watching the bowl games!), and TWO showers (this was the best part since we had a group of seven packed into what was reserved as a double room--shh). I'm not sure how a family with small children would fare since the hotel is on Bourbon and everyone else we saw at the hotel was there to party. However, the hotel by no means is a seedy party place--i've stayed at those and this is WAY nicer. I'll just say that if you're a young person looking for a classy good time, the Chateau Bourbon is THE place to stay. I have absolutely zero complaints about it. Our room was 363 if you're looking for lots of space--also, the walls are really thick so you never heard the noise from the other rooms (and you didn't have to worry about disturbing the other guests if you had a party in your room). However, we requested an interior room with a window to the courtyard, so we probably missed a lot of noise that way. I'd definitely make sure not to get a room facing Bourbon because it will be really loud. As far as the hotel being dimly lit (some of the reviews on here have mentioned that), our room was a little on the dark side, but it wasn't a problem at all--actually, it was a blessing for those mornings when we were trying to sleep away the partying of the night before!! And for girls that are worried about not having enough light to get ready/do makeup/etc, the bathroom was plenty bright (and huge) so that wasn't an issue. All in all, this place is excellent. It's the best value in the city for sure, and you'll be glad you tried it.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JodiBlonde
<Content>Beautiful hotel, great location, close to the action but quiet We hadn't been to New Orleans for a few years and decided we would visit on our way back from spending Thanksgiving in Florida. I selected this hotel after careful consideration of quality and most important - location. We wanted to stay near Bourbon Street. This hotel was everything that we were looking for. It is only a block from Bourbon Street, and there is a parking garage right across the street. Anyone who knows about the parking situation in N.O. knows this is a wonderful perk! Despite the closeness, we never heard any street noise during the night. The room was very large, probably 50% larger than a typical double-bedded room. The bathroom was also very large. Someone with mobility problems,using a walker or wheelchair would be able to navigate in that bathroom. I can't vouch that the room was typical though, we might have been given a special room because it was shaped differently on the outside (in the hallway area) than the other rooms. It sort of stuck out and had an elbow to it.(hard to describe). The lobby was huge and a nice bar was there as well as a gift shop. They provided a computer room with a few computers for internet access. But teenagers seemed to monopolize the room and I was never able to get a free computer. Check-in was easy, checkout was easy. The hotel carpeting, decor, furnishings, were all very classy .Unfortunately, paying a high price for a nice hotel doesn't guarantee that your fellow hotel guests will be classy. There were some issues with rowdy folks bouncing around in the halls, hanging out in front of room doors, and the litter on the floor when we left the next morning was unbelievable. Chicken bones (yes!) and pizza boxes and paper cups, etc. just thrown around near the elevator and in the hallways. Maybe this is what you'll get at any hotel near Bourbon St. these days.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>RyanH127
<Content>Great Location, Great Rooms! My girlfriend and I took a last minute trip to New Orleans for New Years Eve. We booked our hotel through Priceline and got an excellent price on the place. Thiss naturally made me skeptical, coupled with a 3/5 star rating. When we arrived, I was pleasantly surprised that the lobby and bar were very attractive and the girl at te front desk was nice enough to let us check in at 11:30 am. When we got to our room, I was pleased to walk into an enormous, comforting room with access to a courtyard. This hotel is perfect for those looking to experience all that Bourbon Street offers at night. We were literally 1 block off of all of the action and could not have enjoyed it more. If it weren't for the hot water heater breaking twice during our 2 and 1/2 day stay, I would have rated the hotel Excellent.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Janettubbs1
<Content>Not Impressed This hotel is very outdated. Our rooms was large, but sheets were very dirty and smelly.The service is good, but be very aware they have a terrible cancellation policy! I tried to cancel at 9am for a 3pm check out and I was charged $75.Area is very dirty looking!I would never stay here again! Suites are dark, lifeless.,. terribleOnly good part is the food.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	-1	1	3	3	

<Author>carissakae02
<Content>Great Room and Location Room was great with balcony on bourbon!! You can check out from the T.V. which is really convenient. The only problem was the price for parking was ridiculous charges us $50 for one night 1 1/2 days. was able to walk to saints game and right onto bourbon!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Battyhouse
<Content>Very Good Hotel Excellent location, large airy rooms, with comfortable layout and door to courtyard area at ground level. Nice and quite. Good breakfast - we went for Continental and there was a nice choice.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>freddievegas
<Content>Noisy locale, ask for an interior facing room The location is on the corner of Canal and Bourbon Streets. My room was directly above Canal St and quite loud. On Thursday night there were street musicians (bunch of kids with tubas, trumpets, drums and trombones) playing jazz. Sounds good from the street but from the room it sounds like the local high school marching band playing in your back yard. Fortunately they stopped at midnight. On Friday night, the corner directly below the Canal St side rooms was taken over by a bunch of fake Rasta vendors selling Bob Marley trinkets with a van, a GENERATOR and two LOUDSPEAKERS pumping out reggae at night club levels until 7 a.m. I realize the hotel can't control the exterior conditions but this was ridiculous. The staff did accommodate me by switching rooms and allow for a blissful last night of sleep.  On the plus side, the food was outstanding and the staff was quite nice. Beware of the bricks in the pool area as one guest burned the bottom of his feet from the extraordinarily high surface temps. Other guests had to wear their socks into the pool so they woiuldn't burn themsleves. Warning signs should have been posted! Another negative was seeing a tray from room service sitting in front of a room on my floor from Friday morning until I left on Sunday morning while the linen service people ignored the tray and worked around it. More and more trash started piling up on it as the weekend went on. Add to this the world's slowest elevator system, a cooling system that blows directly onto the beds and a lengthy hike from the elevator to the Canal St. rooms. So I have to give it a three because the beautiful decor, proximity to Bourbon St, reasonable room rates and great food are offset by the negatives. If you choose to stay here make sure to ask for an interior room. Next time, I will choose a hotel another block away from Bourbon St and definitely away from Canal.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>wendyreed68
<Content>Great! Wonderful hotel! I rank it right up there with the Omni Royal. It's conveniently located one block off Bourbon. The room was nice with a lovely pool view, with french doors that opened out onto the patio! The only issue I had was the breakfast buffet was very disappointing! The bacon was almost raw, or was it just slathered in grease? For the price of the breakfast buffet, I'd suggest finding another eating spot for breakfast. It is the norm for me to head over to Cafe Du Monde, but hey, this trip was unusual, so I knuckled under and ate the buffet! Parking is very convenient also. It's directly across the street. I would most definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>biztravelerChicago
<Content>Faded glory Rooms are large but poorly lit with dinky light bulbs in the few lamps that actually worked. Dark walls, dark rug, high ceiling, generally depressing environment. Ironing board in the room didn't have a cover. General run-down appearance. Room service breakfast was nicely presented and right on time. A block from Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>mexicohangover
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised We foolishly booked this hotel THEN read reviews here. So I was a little scared. Rated only 62 out of about 150, and read a couple bad reviews. Well read this one. No complaints about this hotel except one. Sunday checkout had only one desk person working. The room was great. Standard room was HUGE. 12 foot ceiling. HUGE! This is not the norm for the French Quarter. Nothing overly fancy but more than acceptable, and you aren't paying an overly fancy price. Staff was very friendly. Nice bar in the hotel. Great location. Think hard about rooms with a view. No balconies and thin glass. The other couple staying with us were on the wrong street. There window looked out onto a bar called The Alibi. Very seedy dive type of bar. Noise and bikers kept them up most the night. It is the French Quarter so you can expect that. No shame in an interior room. All in all good to great stay. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>simchaUsa
<Content>Awful and Disrespectful We have never been treated with such disrespect from a customer service venue. It is comparable to Walmart employees attitudes with a Tommy Hilfiger price tag.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charlicea
<Content>Spacious room, great location My boyfriend and I stayed over Memorial Day weekend. Great location, one exit onto Bourbon, another onto Canal. The RedFish Restaurant is very good! The room was so spacious! The bed and pillows were very comfortable. My only complaint was the air conditioner was noisy, but we got used to it. Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>cestmoi123
<Content>Not Bad, But Mediocre Service At Best Not a bad place, but the service was terrible. I was in my room, working, and wanted dinner, so I called room service. 20 rings, no answer. So I called the front desk. They transferred me. 20 rings, no answer. So I called the front desk, they said that they didn't know why room service wasn't picking up, and that there was nothing they could do. So...I called room service again an hour later. Same drill. Never did get dinner. Location's great, room was fine, if unexciting, but don't go there thinking this is a full service hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Prncs365
<Content>Beautiful, elegant hotel The location of this hotel was superb. Right on the corner of Bourbon and Iberville. My family and I traveled here for Jazzfest where the hotel was kind enough to rent school buses to shuttle us over for a small fee. There are beautiful chandeliers and marbel floors and a nice atmosphere. The staff was great and knowlegeable both about the hotel and area. I would definitely recommend this place to others. PS One tip depending on your visit, if you want quieter request an inside or courtyard room because we could hear the music from Bourbon Street. We loved it and the windows were enormous and made a great Southern feel.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>misterckent420
<Content>Desk Staff Great, but Room Service is Robbery Upon arriving to the gas lit courtyard and walking inside, I knew I was in for a great stay. The front desk personnel were GREAT. Very attentive and courteous. The stay was above and beyond what I was originally expecting. It was the kind of stay that made someone wonder why it wouldn't be a great idea to live in New Orleans.This is my impression until I was robbed by the staff. When I returned to my room from a quick dip in the pool, I found not all was as I had left it. The Do Not Disturb sign was on the door, but my wallet, ipod, and digital camera were nowhere to be found. I had just left my room for a bit to swim only to return to a room devoid of my possessions. I was shocked that this had happened. The investigation left me feeling that this was not top priority and that this had happened before. When reports were run on the lock, it was found that an employee was the culprit.BE WARNED: USE THE SAFE IN THE ROOM. If your laptop or other large items do not fit, make sure to hide on top of tall furniture and out of plain sight.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Phillybob5
<Content>Mardi Gras Stay I stayed at this hotel for mardi gras this year and had a great time. I checked in on Friday and left on Ash Wednesday. The check in was prompt and I was able to have the parking fee for the garage across the street included in my bill (it was overpriced parking, but the location couldn't be more convenient). I was given an inside courtyard room that had a small pool in it (it looked nice, but it wasn't open by the time I was getting back to the room every night...and the security camera over it made me decide that a 3am dip would probably result in a visit from security). Overall, the staff was pleasant and the Clock bar was a nice oasis of calm in the madness of mardi gras in the quarter. Charles the bartender was great and had answers to any questions about the area. He had an assistant who was also very friendly ( I think her name was Julie? Sorry I can't remember!) and they had both read reviews on this site so I hope they remember Bob from philly! ;)The room was nice and large...a bit dated....bed was very comfortable and clean....bathroom was a little dingy, but clean...outside sounds were non-existent...The tacked on security fee wasn't nice, but at least I had read about it from this site so it wasn't a complete surprise. When I asked the front desk about it during checkout, they told me that they had checked all the travel sites and it was being posted and included in prices...which I know was totally not true...nothing like truth in advertising, this practice should be illegal (if it already isn't!!!)Overall, a good experience at a decent price...  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>loveguru
<Content>Wonderful! Wonderful experience. Close to Bourbon Street. Rooms were spacious, staff was nice... Will definately stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SloopMan
<Content>It's noisy This is a beautiful hotel with spacious rooms and a very pleasant staff. It's a block off Bourbon Street. It has a gorgeous courtyard and pool area. BUT--it's noisy if your room's on the street for two reasons: First, there is a parking garage across the street and, therefore, you hear A LOT of horn honking during the night. Second, the bar on the corner cranks up its music so loud that the bass literally rattled the windows in our room during the night. My wife and I spent two nights and were on the second floor and so we also heard loud motorcycles and other street noise. We couldn't change rooms because the hotel was full. But, after the first night, the desk clerk offered earplugs from a box handily placed under the front desk; apparently I was not the first to complain of the noise. I often visit New Orleans, and I've stayed in other hotels in the Quarter, so I knew that staying in a hotel that close to Bourbon Street would mean we'd hear music and the crowds, which was OK with us. That's why you go to New Orleans! But the horn honking and window rattling was a little (lot) much. I would return to this hotel but only if I have an inside (courtyard) room on a higher floor and not a room on the street.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>max90807
<Content>Good Hotel for the price Me and my girlfriend visited the New Orleans for the first time and stayed at the Sonesta. I would say it was a good hotel for the price. Very close to all the N.O attractions esp bourbon street. The parking guy Jay- was very helpful and knowledgeable.This hotel charges ~29/ day for parking, so you can find cheaper parking around the area. We had no qualms walking back in the night- the area was pretty safe- we were out till 4am on Sunday morn. The hotel has a decent lobby nice rooms and a cute pool(open till 11pm). The front desk staff is not so friendly- but the location of the hotel is great. If you get a deal on this I would recommend it.The rooms were ok- could have been cleaner.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>louisianamom
<Content>Location not worth the negatives I am both a local New Orleanian and a frequent traveler, and this is the third time (including pre-Katrina) that I have stayed at the CS for a family reunion. The service is well-meaning but every area has been woefully understaffed all three times we have stayed here. While the location is convenient and the rooms large (esp by New Orleans' French Quarter standards), the rooms are dated and in need of renovation. Several family members had trouble with thermostats and fans, although we didn't this stay. Parking is pricey, but that is true everywhere in the Quarter. good news is that Hyatt is rumored to be taking over the property and doing extensive renovations. If you have kids or teens, stay at the Homewood Suites on Poydras. I have had good stays at the marriot Renaissance Arts and at Le Pavilion, but both do require walking a few blocks to the quarter. All hotels have been handicapped by the devastation to the service workforce after the storm. You may run into sporadic problems at some properties. But we love visitors, and we will do all we can to make your stay memorable ( in a good way). We have had superb restaurant meals and service at all our local favorites, and thanks to SDT, the French Quarter is cleaner than before the storm.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>godsang
<Content>Close to the action but a peaceful place After reading some bad reviews, I was leery but I decided to give the Chateau Sonesta a chance. I am glad I did. The location was excellent. It was only a block to the action on Bourbon Street. The hotel had an entrance on Canal St, so there was easy access to the typical stores you'd see at home. The hotel was pretty and the staff was friendly. The housekeeping department was efficient, however our order for breakfast room service was never picked up off our door knob even though we had it out there by the cut off time. We ended up having to call to ask for it, but you roll with the punches. We had a great time walking Bourbon Street, shopping, going in art galleries, riding the Steamboat Natchez, and drinking way too much. The food in the restuarants was very good and everyone we dealt with in the city was happy to have tourists coming back to New Orleans. We didn't see any flood damage from the airport to the hotel, but we heard it was still around in certain areas. I get the impression that the people of New Orleans are very happy to have tourists come. We were always treated very well. At the Sonesta, we were treated fine. We had problems with the in-room movies. Partway into our movie, it cut out and went to a freeze frame of an adult movie. We asked for a credit. We ordered the movie again and it froze in the same place. We figured out how to advance just a few seconds and then it was fine. We did have extra charges on our bill at check out from that whole process, but they took care of it at the front desk. The pool was very nice. We had some sunny weather, so we took advantage of laying out. It was too chilly to swim, although I did see some people swimming. If you go to New Orleans and you're looking for a satisfactory place, the Chateau Sonesta is nice. It's not top of the line, but it's lobby is pretty. The room was up to date and clean. It wasn't fancy, but it was definitely fine for us. The pillow top bed was comfy and we had a quiet room facing the pool. (granted, not many people swam, so there was no nosie out there). I'd recommend the hotel to anyone who wants to be close the the action of Bourbon Street. After you walk around all day, and then walk the strip at night, the last thing you want is a long walk back to your hotel.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lefthanded1
<Content>Loved the Chateau Sonesta We recently completed a 4 night stay in a courtyard view king. We found the room to be very quiet, the bed very comfortable and they have arguably the best pillows we have ever experienced at a hotel.The staff was very friendly and helpful. We had no problems controlling the temperature in the room, even though the room has 14 ft. ceilings . The location was perfect. Close to the French Quarter( 1/2 block) but far enough away to feel civilized!This was a well maintained, beautiful hotel and we look forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katiey424
<Content>Nice location/ average stay We visited New Orleans for a wedding and stayed at the Chateau Sonesta for two nights.A friend who had arrived the night before suggested we ask for a room that faced the inside atrium of the hotel and we're glad we did after hearing complaints about street noise from other guests. The rooms are spacious with very high ceilings. Beds were comfortable with extra large pillows. Bathroom was okay, somewhat dingy, with hardly any water pressure.Luckily, the location was fabulous. We were just a street away from Bourbon Street and within walking distance of Harrah's, Cafe Du Monde, etc.The hotel also has a restaurant and the Clock Bar. We took advantage of the lobby self-serve coffee cart in the morning.The staff was friendly and courteous as well.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lauryij
<Content>Great price/location, terrible stay We couldn't believe the hotel when we walked in! the price was so reasonable and the hotel is so beautiful. The lobby was impressive and although we arrived very early, our room was available! When we went to our room, we couldn't believe the size of the space. Very nice and impressive.However...we found out that the thermostat was motion- activated. Our room was warmer than we liked when we arrived, so we turned the thermostat down. When we left the room or lay in bed, it cut off! (I can't imagine what folks do in the hot New Orleans summertime). Our room was extremely noisy (we weren't told this when we checked in) and we wanted the fan to remain on to muffle street noise  for air circulation. We called the front desk and maintenance did immediately respond; he said that he had disabled the motion control so that the fan would stay on. We went to bed in our very noisy room (facing the street on which for some reason, every taxi that turns the corner beeps his horn, not to mention the expected N.O. partying noise) and 10 min. after laying down, the fan shut off again! My husband waved his leg in the air several times during the night to activate the fan; not as funny as it sounds, believe me. We got NO SLEEP (due to noise and stuffy room) and checked out very early the next morning. The front desk clerk did not ask how our stay was and when my husband said Aren't you going to ask about our stay? She said how was it?. He said terrible. She said I'm sorry. She didn't ask why or what happened. We will never stay here again, no matter how great the price and/or location!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>GQtraveler
<Content>Several plusses, some minuses       Courtyard view  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>aaavvv
<Content>Chateu - the things dissappear misteriously -awful service The service in this hotel is awful, the girls (at least the one that attended us) in the reservation desk are very rude and with very unhappy faces.My cell phone dissapear from my room and the manager did not do anything about it. That was terrible for me.The first day of our stay, nobody cleans our room. Perhaps, now that I know that my cellphone dissappear the second day, I will have been happy about no cleaning service at my room. The left-over of foods from other rooms were left for days in the half ways and nobody cares about it. I rembered a jambalaya and a shrimp cocktail for two days in the half way.The only good thing of this hotel is the location and that the rooms are big.I did not recommend this hotel to anybody. If you still decided to choose this hotel, leave valuable belongings in the safety box and take an antidepressant.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>BillsMaryland
<Content>Fantastic Stay at Chateau Sonesta Just returned from 6 days in New Orleans. I stayed at the Chateau Sonesta- a fantastic property. The reception at the front desk( Justine  Nicole were awesome) set the tone for the rest of the visit. I did not deal with any other front desk personnel but I would assume the same of them as it appears that customer service is a high priority. The rooms were some of the largest I have encountered in over 40 years of traveling- large, high ceilings and quality furnishings. Housekeeping was a real plus even though it was Mardi Gras. The location can't be beat- one block off of Canal and Bourbon Street. However, the location is quiet and reassuring. Everything about this hotel is first class- the staff, the location, the upkeep and the overall attention to the guest's comfort and enjoyment.A great six days- thanks Chateau Sonesta.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Riceowl09
<Content>Horrible time at the Chateau I understand wanting to make a profit and making sure the hotel is booked to capacity on New Years. But to give away my room without calling or emailing me? Unbelievable. Me and my girlfriend are sitting in the lobby with all our stuff and a party to get to in a couple hours with no hotel room. The lady in charge was rude and acted as if I should expect to not have a room that I reserved with THEIR front desk, not hotels.com, etc. After 30 minutes of the three stooges behind the desk trying to locate a room for me (at one point taking my cell phone back to their office to use as an extra phone!), I tipped the concierge and he had me a place down the street in 5 min. Even he commented on how wrong it was to treat us like that and how incompetent the mgmt team is. And of course I got the ol' we'll call you, email you and give you a free night in the future, blah, blah,. It's been a month and haven't heard a word. If you are in college and can afford to live on the edge, maybe this place is alright, but if you expect a certain service level for a 4 star hotel, don't bother booking at the Chateau Sonesta.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sanantoniopete
<Content>Service was #1 Ours was a quick long weekend to catch one of the first Carnival parades. The hotel has an ideal location--just of Bourbon Street between Iberville and Canal (great spot to get to both the Quarter and the Central Business District). The hotel does need a renovation (but what hotel doesn鈥檛 at some time) and it shows in its wallpaper and bedding. However, the service does not need improvement. From the front desk to engineering to Chuck in the bar, everyone was great. I did not use the restaurants in the hotel but their main room is a Brennan鈥檚 location鈥攅nough said. The price was fair, location good, service great. I will stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>jerrylcanterbury
<Content>Nice Facility, Only Fair Service We stayed at the Chateau Sonesta as part of a package tour to see the BCS National Championship Game. The room and other facilities themselves were quite nice. The hotel is very convenient, just a half-block off Bourbon Street with an entrance on Canal Street as well. We got a room with a shared balcony. The room was large, comfortable, and, since it overlooked a courtyard, quiet. There was another courtyard with a pool that some rooms overlooked, but fortunately we didn't get that.However, the service was lacking. The young man at the front desk mumbled answers to any questions I had. We were expecting a package, and when he didn't find it underneath the counter, made no attempt to find it elsewhere. The concierge was much more helpful (wish I'd gotten his name so I could write a thank you letter) but it's the first gentlman's actions that stuck with me.We also had problems with housekeeping, minor but annoying, especially when repeated. Two days in a row, they took our towels from the bathroom and didn't leave any replacements.The guys who worked the valet parking desk were generally helpful, but there weren't enough of them. I called down to ask for my car 30 minutes later, and then when I got there 30 minutes later, they had no record of the request, so I had to wait while they retrieved the car. I wanted to avoid a wait, which is why I called ahead!So if you're looking for a good hotel in a good location with fair-to-middlin' service, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>mistrahl
<Content>A real chateau has nothing in comon but the name In December 2007 I participated in a workshop in New Orleans. It is difficult to screw up the reservations more. First I got not booked, then I was double booked with two different departure dates and in the end the wrong person got the charges of the stay.The barely trained and unfriendly front desk staff of the hotel gave me an attitude instead of resolving the issues. In addition the gym is barely equipped and I had a room next to an engineering room making a terrible noise 24/24.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>strikinglytall
<Content>We've had better The annoying thing about this hotel, marked with 4 stars on hotels.com, is the service.Today, offering wireless internet services should not mean if you need it you van buy this service from a 3rd party at $10.00 PER DAY. That is just inappropriate, and lazy.Inappropriate is also the concierge service (the poor man was unable to find any rental car company IN THE PHONE BOOK). The receptionist was completely unresponsive when we asked for a simple box we could use for shipping. Is that such an unreasonable request?The wait staff at both the restaurants and bars was unbelievably slow. We pured our own coffee more often than not, and at more than one occasion pondered whether we wouldn't be better off taking breakfast elsewhere.When they eventually showed up, they could not be bothered noticing the guests until directly called upon.The bar tenders were often of similar quality. Does it matter that the bar does not even stock the liquor they supposedly use for their drinks? And what about a New Orleans 4 star hotel bar that does not have fresh mint on hand??The rooms were clean and well kept, but on the basis of the service, I suggest to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	1	1	

<Author>shvtraveler
<Content>Sleeping rooms are getting dated I have stayed at the Sonesta for the past five years or so. I think that the location is great next to the Ritz and the Redfish Grille (part of the hotel) opens onto Bourdon Street.. The courtyard is great. However, the rooms are now dated. They need new beds (linens, mattresses, etc) and new towels. Pick the hotel for location only at this point. I would rather stay here than the JW Marriott, Hilton, etc that are a longer walk to Bourbon St.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCDoll
<Content>Right in the French Qtr; big rooms! Hotel is half a block off of Bourbon Street. The room was huge and clean, with an equally enormous bathroom. The tub was a little small, though. Our room was on the second floor (the hotel only has 4) so it opened onto the courtyard, which was nice. The courtyard has chairs and tables and a little fountain in the middle and is pretty well insulated from street noise, which meant that our room was very quiet, despite the location.Hotel does not have a concierge, which I expected for the money. (I booked the hotel for a meeting, so I got a conference rate of $174). I asked several front desk people for recommendations, and without fail each restaurant they sent us to was just awful.There is a rather small pool in a different courtyard from ours. We didn't get a chance to use it but it looked pleasant enough.The restaurant at the hotel was almost never open. The bar was virtually empty the whole time we were there. No room service.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ezis
<Content>Weird service Most amusing for us was kind of service provided. May be that's because of ignorance about specific of New Orleans.But you can expect service person entering your room before 9 a.m. or answer Mmm to your Thank You! in restaurant. And taxi driver on trip back to airport offered us tax free rate.Hotel rooms where unusualy big and felt empty but restrooms looked in need of repair.I recomend to avoid breakfast in hotel. It costs about $20 and is far from food standarts of New Orleans and frankly speeking is mediocre.But location is best of this hotel. You are just around corner from Bourbo street with all it's noise and other atractions of French Quarter.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>ajh169
<Content>Nothing special I stayed here on a business trip, and there was nothing really wrong with it, but I was hoping for a bit more. The rooms are really outdated--scratched furniture, dingy patterned carpet, old floral bedspreads, but it was clean and big enough. The ceilings were very high and there was a lot of light during the day time from the large windows. However, at night there didn't seem to be enough lamps. My room was across from the ice machine, and it had to be the loudest ice machine I've ever heard. The only time I didn't hear it was when the noise from Bourbon Street overpowered it from midnight to 4 AM on a couple of nights. The other really annoying thing was the fact that the TV was really fuzzy, and some channels didn't come in at all.Room service took a really long time, and that was after many failed attempts to call them--the phone would just ring about 20 times before I would give up. The food was decent, but nothing great. The first wakeup call I requested never came, but this wasn't a problem again after I let the front desk know about it.The workout facility was only open from 7 AM to 10 PM, which was very annoying because I wanted to work out before work. The fitness room itself is very small, but the machines are nice and new. The hotel bar was great--nice space, great drinks, fair prices.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>ParticularSFTraveler
<Content>Chateau Sonesta Hotel is Fine       Bed in the hotel  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>JohannVienna
<Content>Great Location! I stayed with my wife for one week at the Chateau Sonesta.The Hotel is in a great location, in the heart of the French Quarter. Our room was very spacious, clean and had all ameneties i expect from a hotel in this category. We liked especially the courtyard pool.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>rpwcpw
<Content>Great New Orleans Hotel! Booked this hotel for 14 friends and was pleasantly suprised. Good value for the price and right in the middle of things. That is both good and bad in terms of Nola noise. Great pool deck!Be sure to go the the Clock bar and see Charles the bartender. A fine mixoligist, conversationist, and he knows a lot of great stories about the area.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>monita07
<Content>Great location, friendly staff, big rooms We had considered the Royal Sonesta, but this was definitely the better choice! Just around the corner from Bourbon, you are separated from all the noise and craziness when you want to get some rest, which is what the hotel is for! The staff was super friendly and accomodating when one of the people in our group wanted to switch rooms. The restaurant Red Fish is connected to the hotel and has excellent food. Breakfast at their other restaurant was also delicious. Rooms are clean and huge. Pool is a bit small, but great for a dip when it is hot.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>imisspluto
<Content>Terrific for the price We found an $89/night special and booked it online. Driving to the hotel from the freeway took us through some sketchy areas of town, and the parking garage was frighteningly grim, but once we got inside the hotel all was well. Our room wasn't ready for check-in until 3:30 pm, so we walked around the French Quarter (the hotel is located just off Bourbon Street.) We requested a courtyard room to stay away from the all-night noise. The room was clean, comfortable, and attractive, with high ceilings and a soft bed. Our New Orleans stay was delightful!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Ralphndeb2003
<Content>Nice, Clean Hotel We stayed at the Chateau Sonesta Hotel on June 8, 2007 for three nights. The Hotel was in a great location right by Bourbon Street but not so close you could hear all the late night partying. We had a room facing Canal so you could hear the construction but it was only in the daytime so we got good sleep at night. It was 90 plus degree's outside but the hotel was pleasantly cool. The pool was very nice and clean, could have used a few more lounge chairs but other than that it was great. The people at the hotel were very nice and kind, we had no problems with our room or the service. Thanks for a great stay, I would definitely come back again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EeyoreGirl
<Content>Great location, clean rooms, and a good value! I did a lot of research before booking my stay at Chateau Sonesta, and am really glad I picked this place. The location was perfect. It was only one short block away from Bourbon Street. This put us close to all the action, but far enough away that the rooms were very quiet. It is also very close to other attractions -- Jackson Square, Preservation Hall, The Riverwalk, The French Market, and Cafe du Monde were all within walking distance. The rooms itself were a very good size, and the bed was very comfortable. Although I did not necessarily care for the decor, the room was very clean. We also had a nice patio area with seating, which we accessed through french doors. The hotel staff was also very friendly. We had very positive experiences with all of them. The only negative is that housekeeping could be a little slow. One day, our room wasn't cleaned until 5:30pm. Another night, it wasn't cleaned at all. This wasn't a big deal however, as they had left plenty of clean towels the day before.There were also several great restaurants nearby. The hotel itself houses The Red Fish Grill, which has a terrific oyster bar. We also enjoyed breakfast at Brennans (3 blocks away). Their seafood gumbo and bananas foster was excellent. I didn't care for their egg dishes much however. If you stay at this hotel, you really wouldn't need a rental car. You are really close to all the major attractions. The one thing outside of N.O. that we really enjoyed was the Swamp Tour. We also toured the Oak Alley Plantation... that was okay, but really rushed (and we didn't get to see much).Overall, had a great stay in N.O. and would definitely come back to the Chateau Sonesta!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jbt826
<Content>Beautiful hotel, great service I've stayed here yearly each summer since 2001 and am currently booking my next stay. This is a great hotel! Sure, last year it was a little rough around the edges post-Katrina but that's certainly understandable. The hotel is lovely, service is excellent. Location can't be beat.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>anglepoise
<Content>Resort-like comfort  My husband  I travelled to NO for a 5 day stay. Chateau Sonesta was clean  comfortable, with an awesome bed you could really sink into. With temps that climbed into the upper 80s, I spent a good part of the afternoon in the hotel. There's so much to do there: the Redfish Grill on the lobby level serves up great New Orleans style cuisine. Have breakfast in style, with jazz wafting in the air at Tempo Restaurant, also on the lobby level, featuring a buffet or delicious pickings from a menu. The swimming pool is glorious. I had a dip first thing when we arrived,  it was so refreshing. There are beautifully landscaped courtyards throughout the building  a fully stocked fitness center. Now if someone had only warned us about the problems in the French Quarter (the pervasive stench in the air, 1/2 of the businesses closed down) we may have spent more time sight-seeing outside of it, like in the Garden District. But it's worth a trip. Just be prepared for a very gritty, depressed city  retreat to the comfort of the Chateau Sonesta when it gets to be too much.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Timmy485
<Content>Great hotel as a backup I stayed at the Chateau Sonesta for part of my visit to the French Quarter Festival. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were your average hotel room, clean with nice beds. Good amount of space in the rooms. Unfortunately I had a room over Canal street which was quite noisy any given night. I can't fault the hotel for street noise and they were full so I couldn't switch rooms. The location is ok but not the greatest. If you want to be close to the Canal St side of the quarter it is excellent but its a good walk to Esplanade or the French Market. I still will choose a hotel in the middle of the quarter over this one but if the rate is really good or I can't find anything else that is decent, this hotel will be more than adequate.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	2	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Hiker114
<Content>Nice Hotel, great location, but.... I spent three nights at the hotel. The location couldn't be more perfect. Right on the Burbon Street in the French Quarter where the action is. There was a delay when I got to the hotel and they upgraded me to a mini-suite. It was a very nice room with a balcony that overlooks the hotel courtyard. The workout facilties were just what I needed in order to work up an appetite for the wonderful New Orleans food. There is no FREE internet. I got dinged $9.95/day for a LAN connection. Couldn't get a wireless signal. Local calls are $.95 each so no need to call a resturant to make reservations. No preium channels on the TV, just the basics. No fridge or microwave in the rooms and no free breakfast at the hotel. Very nice hotel in a great location, but I've gotten much more and have paid less.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>CJrLIrwin
<Content>Good location, Reasonable Accommodations Hotel was very nice. Pool was great. Not large but very well heated. Food was reasonable and good in the breakfast restaurant. Service very good. Only complaint here was that they charged us $4 apiece for apple juice for an 8-year-old and 4-year-old. Next day they had water. But the food prices were very reasonable. Red Fish was good as all other reviews have said. Don't book swamp tour through the hotel with Cajun Encounters. They did not honor their website claims. We paid $168 for 3 adults and 2 children to get a 2-hour tour. We saw absolutely nothing, got eaten up by bugs AND only got a 1 1/2 hour tour b/c it got dark. All this after the driver picked us up 45 minutes late at the hotel. Not good. I have to say they called us the next day and offered another tour for free but we were leaving town. That was nice of them, but I'd still try some other places.Do go to New Orleans. We felt very safe, lots to do and we would love to go back. This was our first trip there ever. We will go back. The devestation in New Orleans East will leave you speechless and wondering why our gov't. has abandoned this area of our country but it was a great trip.They NEED tourists to come back. Very appreciative and nice. Hotel was reasonble and centrally located. Room was typical of a nice hotel although nothing fancy. Bathroom showed some wear but was reasonably clean. Staff very friendly at the hotel. I found hotel website to have cheapest rates.Enjoy visiting NOLA!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cubsfan73
<Content>Peaceful oasis at reasonable rates in the Quarter We stayed at the Chateau Sonesta for 3 nights during a conference in March. The hotel is large and expansive and appears to have undergone significant remodelling. There is no smell of mildew and everything is clean. The pool and work out areas are fine.The lobby is warm and inviting and the staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. The Hotel is located right on Iberville Street in the French Quarter and is within walking distance to all the major attractions. Despite its close proximity to Bourbon Street, the rooms are remarkably peaceful and quiet.For literary buffs, this hotel used to be the department store that was featured in the book Confederacy of Dunces and there is a statue of Ignatius Reilly at the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SOKYWOMAN
<Content>Great comeback after Katrina We stayed here during a convention. This was less than a year after Katrina, but both the staff and hotel were very accomodating under the circumstances and made our stay enjoyable. Staff seemed genuinely pleased that we were there. Dinner was very pricey at the hotel restaurant, but the $6.50 Bananas Foster was worth every penny! The airport shuttle dropped us off at the Canal Street entrance instead of the Iberville entrance (which is actually the front entrance to the hotel). You had to have a room key to open the door at the Canal Street entrance and of course, we didn't have one since we had just arrived. We were beginning to get uneasy what with holding onto all of our luggage and several locals milling around. Luckily, someone in the hotel saw us and let us in. If you stay at this hotel, please tell your driver to drop you off at the Iberville entrance. We walked to French Quarter every day with no problem. Hotel is also close to Bourbon Street. Very noisy at night though, so bring your earplugs if you must get some sleep. If/when I get to return to New Orleans, I will probably stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SilverV
<Content>Will Definitely Stay Here Again!       Courtyard 2  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>3Kings
<Content>Excellent Experience! Great Location! Great location, excellent staff that made you feel welcome but not too stuffy! Nice-sized rooms with nice view of courtyard. Wifi not too good and, of course, charge. Great location within walking distance to all the French Quarter has to offer.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>goooden
<Content>very comfortable My wife and I stayed at the hotel a year before katrina. The staff was great, especially the bar staff.Easy walking to most areas of the french quarter. A very helpful bellman/concierge who even walked us to the Napolean House on his lunchbreak. Many tours available through the hotel. We did a swampboat tour and a tour of some of the antibellum mansions/plantations outside the city. Im writing this review late,and seeing what Katrina did to a wonderfull city just broke our hearts. I hope people will go to see it now and help via thier business in rebuilding.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>paulasw
<Content>Not a great experience Our company contracted a small event at this hotel so one would think the site might be a little more accommodating to overnight guests. Not only were most staff not very accommodating with simple request but not very pleasant about it either. Not even a 鈥渨e鈥檒l try to do what we can鈥?just a flat NO! Some requests were not demanding, is it too much to ask to check in at the hotel鈥檚 designated time? The room service was 20 minutes late (I was credited for this meal). There was a toothpick and crumbs in my made bed! On a positive note, the sales manager, restaurant, bell staff and liquor bar staff were great! Following complaints, most problems were remedied. However, travelers should not encounter these adversities to begin with related to simple hotel accommodations.This is absolutely NOT a 4 star hotel. We will, in the future, take our business elsewhere in New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacationing after a natural disaster.... I am just an average person who has never really traveled very far from my home state of California. My husband and I had planned this trip for at least four years and we were very excited to visit New Orleans and experience their Mardi Gras events. Booking our room and flight tickets one year in advance, we were ready to celebrate our twentieth wedding anniversary with a memorable life time experience.Along came the hurricanes.Not wanting to change any of our plans, we accepted our original travel dates and checked in with low expectations of any type of great service.My husband and I were overwhelmed when we realized our expectations were wrong.We had to wait for 3 hours before our room was ready, but considering what this beautiful city had just been through a few months earlier, we were not inconvenienced at all. The staff was working at double shifts and were very friendly and helpful during our stay. I am so glad that my husband and I did not cancel our trip because even though the city of New Orleans had just gone through a very terrible catastrophe, we still enjoyed a very satisfying and fun vacation.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3-3.5 stars maybe... I really didn't have much of a problem with the staff, room or hotel in general. However, nothing really struck me as 4-star (eg. I had to park my own vehicle @ $20/day across the street). The hotel is in a great location though (on the corner of Bourbon). If you can get a great rate, take it. Otherwise, I would check out something else.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Emm781
<Content>Just okay My husband and I visit New Orleans each May for JazzFest, and this was our third time staying at the Chateau Sonesta. On previous visits we have always loved the hotel, and that is why we have always returned.When making our reservation this year, I asked for an upgraded room - We got married a few months ago, and had planned to stay at the Chateau Sonesta for our honeymoon, but Hurricane Katrina thought otherwise.. so I wanted to upgrade as sort of a 2nd honeymoon. I was told our room would overlook a garden courtyard, but instead it overlooked Bourbon Street. Because of JazzFest, this was a very busy weekend for New Orleans, and Bourbon Street was filled with all kinds of music and screaming revellers - until 4am each day. So we paid for an upgraded room in which we were unable to get any sleep. On our previous visits, we didn't have the balcony view of Bourbon Street, but we didn't have the street noise either, and that is definitely something to consider.The room was spacious and clean, and everything worked just fine. We had an issue with housekeeping, though. We would leave for JazzFest around 10am, and left the sign on the doorknob, indicating it was okay to go in and clean the room. One day the room did not get cleaned at all. The next day, we returned to our room at 7pm to find housekeeping cleaning our room. I will give a little slack here, though, as after Hurricane Katrina, it's been difficult to find people to work. So perhaps they're short handed.Breakfast is available downstairs until 11am, and you can choose from their contintental get it yourself muffins, bagels, etc., or a full breakfast menu.They also have a wonderful restaurant - The Red Fish Grill, where we dine each year. I highly recommend making a reservation or planning for a 2 hour wait. And be sure to order the Double Chocolate Bread Pudding for dessert. Mmmmmm.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were thrilled with our stay here We stayed at the Chateau Sonesta over easter weekend. We are a family of 4 with 2 preteen kids. We arrived at the hotel on Thursday and were early for our checkin and received a room right away. The hotel staff were very nice and went out of their way to see if there was anything we needed. When we got to our room, we were thrilled. We had a very large room with 2 queen beds, and a living room area with a couch, coffee table, end tables, side chairs and more. Our room also had french doors opening out to the pool area and there was a table and chairs right outside of our room for us to use in the pool area. The room had high ceilings and plenty of space in the bathroom and closet. The location was excellent for getting to Bourbon street (right outside the door). It was a bit of a walk to the Jackson Square area but New Orleans is a walking city anyway. There are not a lot of shops, restaurants, and other amenities in the hotel but we did not mind. A lot of places in New Orleans are on limited services right now. For us, it was the best value in a hotel that we have had. Now, I also have noted that there are some significant size differences in the rooms at the hotel, so I would ask about what size room you are getting beforehand. I think that we got a very nice room partly because it was available.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>been here twice, would come back again my family of 4 has stayed here twice. both times we got sweet deals on the hotels website. the rooms are large with high ceilings.nothing fancy in the rooms,just a good (and we thought quiet) place to sleep. we faced the courtyard/pool. the hotel has above avg common places and facilities that are clean. nothing is perfect here, but everything is above avg. ive found all the staff to be very accomadating. we had a problem with our air conditioner, the engineer was up in a few minutes and after he looked at it, we were in a new room in less than 30 min from our first call to the desk. this is a great place, especially for families if u have reasonable expectations. if u are peticular, or high maintenance, you probably should go elsewhere and pay more  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luvno
<Content>Fair Time at Chateau Our stay at the Chateau was the weekend after Mardi Gras. Considering what all has happened in New Orleans in the last 6 months, our stay was pleasant. Due to the staff shortage though, there was no valet parking so we had to park across the street in a dark, smelly parking garage that the elevator didn't work. Check-in and out was easy. The room was huge but it had only one King size bed that me and my daughters (ages 20 and 11) had to share. Roll-away beds were $40. The room and bathroom was spacious and clean. They advertised in-room coffee makers and minibars, of which neither were in the rooms. I had to pay $2.00 downstairs for a to-go cup of coffee. There was noise from the corridor late at night. We had a courtyard room and the noise from people outside at night was loud also. They had a nice fitness room. The Red Fish Grill that is accesible through the hotel was great! Ask for Frank, the best waiter in New Orleans. Overall it was a good hotel. I would stay there again, once they are fully staffed.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chateau Sonesta is great for families We had the good fortune to visit NOLA just weeks before Hurricane Katrina. We loved the city! The hotel staff was friendly and the concierges were all very helpful with directions, where to go and what to do. The Chateau Sonesta Hotel is conveniently located near Bourbon St. and the Canal and St Charles street cars. The hotel has a very nice pool for the kids to swim in and for us to lounge near. Our 16 and 19 year olds always felt safe alone when we crawled Bourbon St. after midnite. Krystal (burgers) is conveniently located just around the corner and open 24 hours for the late night munchies after you return from visiting all the bars. Our room was very clean and housekeeping was very accommodating when we requested extra pillows, towels and batteries for the TV's remote control.We would definitely stay again at this hotel if we get the chance to visit again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bad experience rough personnel and dirty bathroom!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>brassyjan
<Content>What a wonderful haven in the French Quarter We are just back from our first trip to New Orleans and had the good fortune to spend 5 nights at the wonderful Chateau Sonesta! The lobby area is very inviting as you walk in and we were greeted by very helpful staff at check in. Our room was extremely spacious with high ceilings and a lovely balcony that overlooked a courtyard. The bed was the most comfortable we have every slept in in a hotel. The bathroom was huge with nice plush towels and was always very clean. The hotel is central to everything in the French Quarter and a hop, skip and a jump to the St. Charles and Canal St. streetcars. The hotel is housed in a former dept. store and is located between Iberville, Dauphine, Bourbon and Canal Streets...but very quiet with no evidence of any noise from Bourbon St. once you are inside the hotel.Special thanks to Sabrina the front desk manager for making our stay so truly memorable and enjoyable!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reddc
<Content>Great location and service We stayed at this hotel in early June 2005, and truly enjoyed it. The room was very clean and huge(large sitting area) and very comfy,especially the beds. Being near Bourbon Street for our first visit to NOLA was handy. The Redfish Grill was very good, and the bar on the corner with the lively duo piano bar was lots of fun and less boisterous than the other Bourbon Street bars. The concierge was very helpful, recommended a great city tour done by a native, and helped us with the streetcar routes to see the Garden District. We would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RNLLNY
<Content>A good hotel with a friendly staff Just got back from four days at the Chateau Sonesta. The hotel is a fine choice for anyone who wants to be close to Bourbon Street. It can be noisy at times, but the rooms are comfortable and clean, and the staff couldn't have been more helpful or friendly.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel  Our first time in New Orleans and staying at this hotel was a wonderful experience, staff was very helpful which is a plus will recommend to everyone.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tt&oj
<Content>Great Stayed 7/8-7/12. The hotel is in an excellent location. Rooms are big and clean. Room service was promt, housekeeping did a great job when asked and did not bother us on the days we had the no disturb sign up. I would stay here again in a heart beat. We ate at the Red Fish Grill, food was good, but mediocre compared to Hillary's on Toulouse*sp. Wished I had found this place on the 1st night and not the last I would have ate there everynight it was that good.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unpleasant personnel for a noisy place to stay! We have been astonished for vey unpleasant treatment we receive while in Chateau Sonesta Hotel.The receptionist was nervous and completely hostile.We asked to have a quite room because , my problem of insomnia and they gave us a room so noisy that during day time was impossible even to have relax.We asked to change room but we got as aswer that the hotel was fully booked and that wasn't true.If you want a nice place to stay don't go in this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>seafloorscott
<Content>Great Rooms, Good Service, Reasonable Price Upon arrival, the hotel staff kept me waiting for my room until well past the check-in hour. Rooms were very clean. Hotel was quiet, but located in the french qtr. I stayed there at the end of May. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pamsue16
<Content>Paradise in NOLA My husband and I stayed at the Chateau from 5/28-6/4 and we were so happy with everything. I choose this hotel by reading reviews on the net from several different locations. We had a balcony king room overlooking the pool. The room was clean and very attractive. The bed was the most comfortable bed we have every slept in. We wanted to take the bed home with us. If we asked anything of the staff they were very helpful and kind. The pool was big, refreshing and fun to be at (it has a bar). We did alot of walking but we were in the center of everything. We hopped on the street car right outside one entrance to head to the Gardrn District and Uptown and we could walk out another entrance and be on Burbon street and immediatley get a drink to go. The location was just perfect. We ate at the Red Fish Grill which is located in the hotel a couple of times. What a great bar and good, good food. They have a world class organization and when we come back to New Orleans, we wouldn't stay anywhere but the Chateau Sonesta.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scarletjazz
<Content>Just got back -- 5/26-5/29 I enjoyed my stay at the Chateau Sonesta... I did read the reviews previously on tripadvisor before booking my trip. My other favorite hotel's room rates went up a little more, so I was looking for something in the same area and the Sonesta was very nice as well as the staff. I didn't get a chance to get in the pool... spending most of my time on Magazine Street shopping, Bourbon, Canal and Royal Streets hanging... I would recommend the Sonesta to anyone... and I would stay here again.Scar  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SuperTrooper_SoCal
<Content>Prime Location is Best Feature I stayed at the Chateau Sonesta May 5-8. After checking in, we were sent, with luggage in tow, to find our way to the room. This was no easy task. The room numbers were not easily determined from the signs posted and we were forced to ask directions from the housekeeping staff. The first night was spent in a room overlooking the street. The garbage was very nosily collected at 3:00 a.m. The next day we politely asked to be moved to a courtyard room. The courtyard room that was provided was enormous and amazingly quiet. The rooms were clean, beds comfortable and all the standard amenities were available. An interesting feature of these rooms is that the floors are slightly slanted. This hotel is perfectly situated to all things in the French Quarter. Everything is within walking distance, especially the fine dining, which can be found at nearly every turn. The streetcar is easily accessible from the Canal Street entrance of the hotel. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. You simply can't beat the location.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay Stayed at the Chateau Sonesta 3 nights (April 24-26, 2005). We booked our room on the hotel's website and got a good rate (we're very competive shoppers). My wife and I were there for Jazz Fest. We've been to New Orleans five times in the last five years and have stayed at the Royal Sonesta, Hotel Intercontinental, Iberville Suites and LePavillion. This was, all in all, the best experience we've had. The room was great (opening onto the courtyard) and very large. The staff were very friendly, but unobtrusive. The location was excellent. You can venture out one door and be pratically on Bourbon St. and walk out another door and be on Canal with no idea the French Quarter is anywhere near. We are frequent travellers in our mid-forties (we don't take the kids to New Orleans) and tend to stay at high quality properties throughout the U.S. and the Caribbean. I just don't get some of the negative reviews. My wife and I always try to stay at a different hotel in cities that we repeatedly visit, but, in this case we have agreed - our next stay in New Orleans will be at the Chateau Sonesta.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelinbabe
<Content>An Excellent Place to Sleep in The French Quarter We just came back from two nights at the Sonesta. We had a great stay. No complaints. The location was fabulous------we had initially rented a car but returned it because we could walk to all. In fact, two different street car lines are right outside the hotel.The desk clerk honored our request for a very quiet room. We had no view but the place was like a tomb----unheard of in the noisy French Quarter. The beds were great, with down toppers and down quilts. The pool was a beautiful oasis with a cute bar open until 7pm. We did not eat in the hotel for breakfast but walked across the street to a cute coffee bar for some java.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Suzanne
<Content>Excellent stay at the Chateau Sonesta My husband and I stayed at the Chateau Sonesta on April 11th for one night. We stayed in the honeymoon/jacuzzi suite which was fabulous. The jacuzzi was huge, as was the room. Service throughout the hotel was excellent. We will definitely go back to the Chateau Sonesta!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LovetoVacation2
<Content>Couldn't be Better We just returned from New Orleans on Sunday 4/10/05. It was my sister's 50th birthday and we loved this hotel. It was quaint, clean and very classy. We had an inside non-smoking room with two queen beds. Rooms were large but bathroom was small. Since the French Quarter Festival was going on it was very noisy but we couldn't here a thing with our room being on the inside by the pool. The management even provided a Happy Birthday bottle of champagne for my sister which was very nice.The location is just right off Bourbon Street about half a block. Would definitely stay at the Chateau Sonesta again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Destin39
<Content>Better than expected...plus a great location! We were pleasantly surprised with our recent 3 night stay here. We had a King room on the pool courtyard which was very nice. Room was huge...bathroom was just OK ... one sink...not much counter space...but was also very large. I think it was a handicapped room. Did not eat in the hotel...we did have drinks in the Clock Bar which has two large screen TVs. Personnel were very pleasant and concierge was very helpful. One issue was the fact that our room was apparently over a bar not in the hotel which had a band playing every night until about 3:00 a.m...bass sounds thumping the floor were a little annoying. But as always I had a sound machine to help mask the exterior sounds. The hotel has an excellent location if you want to be in the quarter.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timelvis
<Content>Lot's of creatures were stirring, including a mouse... I stayed at the Chateau Sonesta March 11 and 12.The Chateau Sonesta is in a great old building seeped in history. It was once the D.H. Holmes Department Store. The bar in the hotel is called the Clock because people used to use the department store clock as a reference when they told people to meet them downtown New Orleand (i.e. meet me under the clock). The department store was the opening scene for John Kennedy Toole's Pulizer winning novel, Confederacy of the Dunce. A statue of the book's main character, Ignatius Reilly, can be found on the Canal Street side of the building.History aside, the Chateau Sonesta is a great hotel as long as you can slip into the laid back nature of the Quarter and overlook a view glitches. Try to get a room that overlooks the courtyard, not Canal or Iberville. Between the Harley's going up and down the street all night and the car alarms, I felt like I was sleeping on the street.The room itself was huge with high ceilings and more space than many suites I've stayed in. It was tastefully decorated and included original art on the walls. I didn't crack open the minibar, but I did opt for the $5 bottle of water they offer on the nightstand. There was a small coffeemaker as well. The bathroom was standard and not much to talk about. The ice machine near my room was out of order during my stay, so it was quite a hike to find a functioning one.I ate at the Clock Bar a couple of times and had breakfast at the hotel cafe. Neither were memorable. The weather wasn't great while I was there, so I didn't check out the courtyard or the pool. It looked nice.The location is perfect for exploring the French Quarter and Bourbon Street is just steps away if you are looking to collect carnival beads.I must say that on the morning I checked out I was suprised when I stepped out of my bathroom to see a mouse scurry across the floor and under a baseboard. That's a first for me while staying at a five star hotel. I'm actually glad I didn't meet him until the morning I was checking out. I mentioned the mouse at concierge desk when I checked out and they didn't seem too suprised.But it is the Big Easy, after all.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>faes
<Content>Gorgeous hotel. Super location. We arrived during Mardi Gras at this wonderful hotel which was gorgeous and more importantly very organized during such a huge event. Hotel is on Iberville, Bourbon and Canal Streets and security at the hotel was top notch for the 3 nights we stayed prior to Fat Tuesday. Fast check-in and check-out. Staff always answered questions in a friendly manner and the bellhop Wilson had a taxi waiting for us to the airport. Our second floor room faced Canal Street so it was noisy late at night but views of parades were incredible. If you prefer quiet I would recommend an inside room facing the pretty courtyards. Second courtyard has a pool which was closed. Hotel also has a nice bar and a special Mardi Gras room service menu was available. The buffet breakfast was too expensive about $40 a couple so we went right down past Acme Oyster House to the New Orleans Cafe which has a reasonable buffet for under $10 or you can order ala carte. From the hotel lobby you can go to the Red Fish Grill which has excellent food. We also tried Acme Oyster House which is down the street more informal diner type atmosphere. Rooms have mini bars and there is no soda, juice or water even in the tiny gift shop in the lobby so I would go to the mini marts on Canal Street to stock up. We would definitely stay at the Chateau Sonesta on our next visit to NO especially during Mardi Gras. Although more expensive at that time, the location was great for walking everywhere and I always felt safe.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Review on the net Reviews on the net are opinions, I will never use them again.You get exactly what you pay for at this hotel, and folks, I've stayed at Microtels with bigger and better rooms. I didn't pay for a complimentary mint, and I didn't get one, they don't even offer a cup of coffee au-gratis. If the only reason your visiting is to party, great location. But there are better. And park your own car, Valet was wonderful in returning mine damaged.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value at the Chateau Sonesta I can't imagine a nicer time to travel to New Orleans than December -- primarily because hotels are such terrific value. My enormous Deluxe Double Queen was something spectacular to enter the very first time: high ceilings, two extremely comfortable beds with attractively-patterned bedspreads, writing desk/chair, sitting area with a very cozy sofa and two chairs. Plenty of closet space. The bathroom was bland only in comparison with the majesty of the rest of the room. I'd have loved softer bath towels, but if that's the only thing I can think of to gripe about, I'm in good shape. Two windows on either side of yet another pair of chairs and a table with bottled water and other items on it looked out to the lovely, quiet courtyard and its burbling fountains. And all this for only $114/night via the Sonesta website (Saturday-Monday stay). The Fairmont will probably always be my first choice of accomodation in New Orleans, but I'll certainly consider the Chateau Sonesta when, as in this instance, the rates at the Fairmont are a bit higher.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Giovana
<Content>Very enjoyable stay We just returned from a 5-day stay in New Orleans. We were fortunate to receive a complimentary upgrade when we checked in and had a huge room overlooking the patio. The hotel staff, from desk clerks to concierge, doormen, bellmen, even servers in the breakfast room and Clock Bar were without doubt the nicest group we have ever encountered, and we travel a great deal. They were friendly and extremely accommodating. The location is excellent (half block from Bourbon St.; rear entrance on Canal). Be sure to try Deanie's just across the street for excellent seafood.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chateau Sonesta very good My husband and I had a very good time at the Chateau Sonesta. One disappointment, however, was that we believed we were getting a King premium room with french doors. Because we arrived late, those rooms were taken even though our reservation was guaranteed. It dampened our anniversary only slightly. The rooms are huge, clean and well kept. The courtyard/pool view was still very nice and quiet. The desk staff was OK. Housekeeping was very good. Valet parking was convenient and quick. The location is great, just a block off of Bourbon St. If you want quaint, stay somewhere else. If you want a clean, spacious room for a pretty good price, this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the french ouarter we stayed at the chateau sonesta at 800 Iberville this was our second stay there and we loved the locale , it was walking distance to burboun street yet far enough away from the noise to get a great nite sleep, we highly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ABH
<Content>Spacious room at the Chateau Sonesta My husband and I spent three days at the Chateau Sonesta in late August. The rates were excellent, but the hotel was worth much more. Our room was very spacious with two queen beds, two arm chairs and a table, and a writing desk with its own chair. The bath was immaculate and the entire decor was very pleasant and tasteful, not dated or frumpy. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. We will return to the Chateau Sonesta again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BluesMuffin
<Content>Great hotel, great location! Beautiful hotel with a great location. Only a block off the quarter, it was convenient for everything that we did during our visit. My only complaint was that the staff were obtrusive at times. The mini-bar clerk ran up and down the hall banging on doors shouting minibar! minibar! The cleaning staff checked back to see if you were ready for service every hour beginning around 9:30...ungh. Otherwise, great stay. We traveled with teens, who were ecstatic when they saw the large rooms.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was great The hotel was so comfortable, will definitely stay again. We stayed on the garden side, which was very quiet when we needed to rest. The only negative was the meal in the morning. There were only 2 tables, and yet the service was disappointing. We had to ask for everything, re-fill for coffee and our check. The food was okay, but breakfast for 2 was $40 and we could not get our coffee filled. I will stay there again, but not eat at the restaurant, too many other good restaurants in town!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lhusted
<Content>Large Rooms - Great if Traveling with Kids!! The staff at the Chateau Sonesta were very friendly and helpful (especially Graciela at the front desk) and the rooms are huge! Which was wonderful since we had our three children and my mother with us. We stayed at the Chateau Sonesta after problems at our original hotel, I wished we would have stayed at the Chateau Sonesta in the first place and will stay there whenever we visit NOLA. The reservationist did make a mistake when we booked the rooms saying they had connecting rooms with two beds in each room, when we got there it turned out that they do not have such connecting rooms, but the front desk recognized that there was an error in the information given to us and that it was crucial to have connecting rooms since we were traveling with our three children and my mother. They upgraded us to a very large suite to accomodate our large family and even gave the kids an activity bag. They made our last few days in NOLA AMAZING after a bumpy start at another hotel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel on Edge of French Quarter I just spent 5 nights here during a convention. Very nice, large rooms. Very clean rooms and comfortable beds. Friendly, helpful staff.My first room was on the 4th floor and had a wonderful view of the roofs of the French Quarter but overlooked Bourbon Street and was a little noisy for me (even though the windows are double paned)--it's not that loud but I wasn't staying up late. They moved me for the next 4 nights to another very nice and quiet room on the inner courtyard. Nice, accommodating staff. I would stay here again. It's a little hike (10-15 minutes) to the convention center but I enjoyed the walk. You can take the Canal St. trolley but the trolley is SLOW and stops a few blocks from the convention center. The hotel is convenient to all the fun in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Will Be Back Again! We decided to choose this hotel based on the reviews of this web site. The Sonesta was actually a lot nicer than I thought it would be. The staff was excellent, they helped us with everything we needed. They setup our city tour, recommended less expensive breakfast, and even got me and my wife a babysitter for our 16 month old son so we could go party on burbon. The two babbysitters we had were very professional and our son had a blast with them. All and all this is one of the best trips I have been on and we will stay at the Chateau Sonesta again.P.S. And for the few bad reviews I have read on this hotel do not even compare to the things you read about other hotels in New Orleans. This hotel is very clean, the rooms are big and well taken care of, and once again the stff was great. Nit pickers will always find things to complain about.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leatrice_O'Neill
<Content>You won't be disappointed Terrific location just inside the edge of the Quarter and well within walking distance to everything you'll want to see. The modern rooms are extremely spacious and well-appointed. Request a courtyard room if you want avoid the brouhaha of Bourbon Street - most have lovely balconies. Have a poolside drink and relax. The staff met my every wish with a smile. The beautiful lobby is a bit quieter than many of the hotels I visited and, after the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter, a welcome reprieve. We have stayed there 3 times now and will return again.   
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our accomodations Went to New Orleans on Mothers Day weekend. Thoroughly enjoyed the weekend, especially the hotel. Room was nice, high-ceilinged, overlooking the courtyard. Staff was extremely helpful, including letting us check out an hour later to help with the time gap in our flight time. Hotel restaurants were quite good, too! All in all, we would go back and here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay somewhere else for the price.. I don't know where all of you people stayed, but I did not share the same experience at the Sonesta. As a person used to staying at four star hotels, I was disappointed with the condition of the Sonesta. The rooms were worn looking. My room had ripped wallpaper. Also, most of the staff was not very friendly. Maybe we just went at a bad time, but I think there are nicer places to stay for the money.   
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Sonesta was excellent! The Chateau Sonesta is fabulous! Period! The service is top shelf, the rooms are comfortable and queit, it is only a block from Bourbon Street, and you cannot beat the Red Fish Grill restaurant in the hotel. Everything...from top to bottom was wonderful. We will go back there in a heartbeat!  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pmatoday
<Content>Can't wait to go back! We arrived at the Chateau Sonesta on April 4, 2004 for 6 nights. We had wonderful service from beginning to end. The staff was very personable and went out of there way to make us feel comfortable. The hotel was beautiful and well cared for. We stayed in an inside room so we never had any problems with noise. We can't wait to go back to the French Quarter and we will definately stay at the Chateau Sonesta Hotel again!   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steves501s
<Content>What a Great Hotel! I made reservations for 12 of us for 3 days prior to going on a cruise out of New Orleans on Feb.7th. I received nothing but rave reviews by my friends for choosing this hotel. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms were huge. The staff was totally professional. They couldn't have been any nicer or more accommodating. The Red Fish grill was also a hit with everyone! If there was anything I would change the next time I stay here, it would be to get an inside room on the court yard. In the mornings, the street noise on Dauphine Street. gets a little loud. This hotel is only 1/2 block from the best party in the world, Bourbon Street!!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Larryo
<Content>Excellent place very clean, courteous. Great location.(close to everything) Very large rooms. newspaper in morning. Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chateau Sonesta We decided to stay at the Chateau Sonesta after reading all the positive reviews the hotel had received. The only excellent thing we found in this hotel were the beds, pillows and duvets. Our room was over the 'Howl At The Moon Bar,' and it was quite noisy. It was a constant party downstairs until 3 or 4 in the morning. Make sure you request a courtyard room. The rooms are starting to look dingy. The wallpaper in the bathroom was stained and ripped. Housekeeping was also a probelm, since they did not get to our room until 5:00 pm.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing I recently stayed at this hotel for four nights. I was very disappointed with the hotel in general. The first problem was the hotel staff's lack of responding to three e-mails and two voice mails left over a period of two weeks. Finally a day before leaving, a response was finally sent via email and did not even answer any of my questions and was very quick. Then once we arrived we were basically given the smallest room on our whole floor (I know this because of the floor map placed on the door in each room). The hotel was empty due to the upcoming holidays and they could have placed us in a larger room (Standard rooms come in different sizes since this hotel was once a department store). The room itself was not that clean. The bathroom was missing shampoo and conditioner, the tile was spotted from water and soap scum, the shower curtain had a bit of mold on it and the coverings on the bed looked very old and worn. The wallpaper was ripping in several places and the television did not work correctly. The hotel also decided to paint directly next to our room and the fumes were almost overwhelming at one point in the late afternoon one day. I understand taking advantage of the low occupancy of the rooms, but if they knew they were going to paint they should have placed us in another location in the first place considering there were so little people even staying at the hotel. Next, I called and asked about the paint smell and was given a bit of an attitude from the front desk. They didn't seem to care very much about the problem. I feel that you are not getting what you pay for at this hotel. Breakfast alone cost us almost $40.00 just for two people. The location is good if you want to party on Bourbon, but for those of you interested in more of the city other than Bourbon I would suggest staying in the Garden District. The rates are more reasonable and the area is nicer. I also liked a few of the hotels on Royal St. We went inside a few and they were lovely.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What we had hoped for The Chateau Sonesta was an excellent choice on our part. If was only a block off bourbon street, but this was convienent for our plans. The hotel was quiet and clean. We had an inside room, with a view of the courtyard. Great location for walking the french quarter, and for getting on the cable cars for the Garden District. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Met our expectations We recently returned from our visit to New Orleans and found this hotel to be very comfortable. It borders Canal Street and Bourbon Street and I can't recall the other street. At any rate, if you are going to New Orleans to experience the French Quarter and don't want to stay right in the big middle of the action stay at this hotel and you won't be sorry. The bed was comfortable and we never heard any noise coming from the other rooms. The ceiling is the height of 19th century ceilings. I would recommend this hotel to our friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the BEST My husband and i stayed here for 3 nights of our travels in the USA, We totally loved it ,Everyone was so helpful, and I would highly recommend the tour fella he was the best!!!! The room was beautiful we would'nt want for anything more, It was large 5 star +++ room, If anyone goes to new orleans i totally recommend this fine hotel!!!! Little does my husband know we are going back to this great hotel on our 10th wedding annaversary loved the usa..  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cbkingery
<Content>Wonderful Stay - couldn't have been better!!! We just got back yesterday (8/9/03) and I couldn't wait to write a review for this WONDERFUL HOTEL!! From the moment we arrived to the moment we left, we were treated with the utmost respect and care. Because I had spoken with the manager on duty when I originally booked the room, I was upgraded to the largest room (I think it was considered a suite) I had ever seen (it pays to do this/ don't go through the 1-800# for reseravations). Their advertisements are correct - the rooms are the biggest! Our room was also very clean, tastefully decorated (we had new carpet, the couch and chairs along with the bedspread were clean and appeared to be new), and had a nice view of the pool courtyard - our interior room was very quiet. The ceiling fan over our bed was greatly appreciated. The exercise room was very clean, had a variety of cardio equiptment, and had a weight machine. We felt safe here as well. We came and went through the Iberville Street entrance and didn't experience any problems. The central location of the hotel to everything (Bourbon St. and Canal St/CBD was great. Our car was kept safe as well in the parking garage across the street. Although we didn't eat/drink at the provided restaurants/bars, we thought they looked very nice.  We will be back to N.O. and we will stay at the Chateau Sonesta again! I just can't stop saying great things about it. p.s. When reading reviews, some mentioned the lack of air conditiong in the elevators. Yes, this appears to be true, but in reality, the 20-30 seconds on them didn't kill us and they won't anyone either. There are so many good things about the hotel to worry about this one problem.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a great choice We stayed at the Chateau Sonesta in early May, 2003, and had no problems whatsoever. The hotel was clean and well decorated with spacious rooms. The staff was always friendly and helpful, and the location is convenient to a number of attractions. Literary buffs will want to take note of the Ignatius Reilly statue (from A Confederacy of Dunces) outside the hotel's entrance.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely room, great location We actually went to see the Georgia Bulldogs play in the 2003 Sugar Bowl. We chose the Chateau Sonesta because of other reviews as well as the central location. Our room, though smallish, was very well appointed and the staff was more than courteous. We had our 9 month old daughter with us and they did everything they could to help us. We did eat at the red fish grille, it was okay, bought the t-shirt anyway. It was a short walk to everything you'd ever want to see in NO - Cafe du Monde, the aquarium, cheap t-shirt/bead places. In short, its worth the bucks because its clean, elegant and convenient.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

