<Author>aussie033
<Content>loved melasti just returned from 16 days at the melasti my son and i enjoyed very much location to the beach and shops were great room large the spa was wonderful went there about 6 times breakfast was okay as you werent hungry till about 3pm the beach out the front was quieter than the rest of the beach close to good restaurants they had security at the gates would definately recomend and will stay there again next year.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>gailgirlWoonona
<Content>not good would not stay there again  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	1	1	2	

<Author>heart21
<Content>Melasti good position We have just come back from 14 days at the Melasti Beach Resort, Legian. Overall our experience was very good, but we did have some problems. The room we booked was supposed to be pool side but it had a fence between our room and the pool so therefore wasn't exactly pool side, also we had single beds when we asked for a double. We changed rooms to one with a double and this overlooked the second pool (second floor) but it was a lovely sized room with a nice outlook, except for the bathroom. The ceiling in the bathroom leaked and looked like it was about to fall in (badly in need of repair). Overall we enjoyed our stay because of the locality and price. Our only real complaint was the food, breakfast were OK but dining in the restaurant was not so good, we had one evening meal which was terrible (steak). Luckily because of the locality there were plenty of nice eating places nearby. One good recommendation was there were a lot of regulars staying at this hotel and they had the deluxe rooms, so obviously these are the better ones to choose. Staff were OK more friendly when we tried a few words in their language. Once again overall the hotel was well priced and well situated. We did have a nice time.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>tambusan
<Content>serene and comfortable My family and I stayed in Melasti-Kuta for 6 nights in March 08.Both my children loved this hotel as it has two nice swimming pools and the famous Kuta beach is just behind the hotel-infact you can view the beach from the hotel's simple gym.Since this was my second trip to Bali, I made sure that I booked my family at Melasti as its located strategically between Kuta and Legian.My wife liked the place as it is surrounded with trees and plants and the air was fresh and crisp.Most importantly , its at the centre of the happening place.Breakfast was included and it was delicious and filling-mostly an array of Indonesian and Western dishes are served.The security was good as u get the security officers roaming at odd times in and out of the hotel-and I used to admire a particular ex-Indonesian military staff who is employed as a guard-he salutes each time I pass him ( can't remember his name ) well groomed and stern looking.Melasti is walking distance to all major shops ,bakery and supermarkets.Wld highly recommend to anyone who needs a comfortable place to stay in Kuta as the staffs are a friendly lot. I am going again this Dec with my friends and we intent to take the train-Argo Dwipangga Express from Jakarta-Jogjakarta-Surabaya-Banyurwangi-ferry to Bali.Its about 2000km. MTT.Naidu  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robwil2
<Content>can't wait to get back       me and Made  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Bedheads
<Content>Very Miserable Melasti I am very surprised to see that some reviewers have rated the Melasti as a nice hotel. It is without a doubt the worst hotel we have ever stayed in.We were struggling to find accomodation in the Seminyak area and settled on the Melasti as it had 2 available rooms. My wife and I stayed in one of the Delux suites. It was very large with a decent balcony. The furniture and fittings were very old and in desparate need of upgrading. The linen was dirty, the walls were filthy and there were a lot of spider webs. The bathroom was a disaster, the toilet seat was broken, old dirty towels, low water pressure and the ill fitting shower curtain resulted in a soaking floor. My mother's room was shocking (it was not the one we were shown when viewing the hotel). It was very noisy - near a bar and busy road. The room door was glass paneled and light streamed in from the corridor. Needless to say, she did not sleep well. The room itself was disgusting, filthy walls, no bathplug, no plug for the kettle, the shower did not work, the bathroom tap came off in my mom's hand and when she tried to call the front desk, she realised the phone was was broken as well. (memories of the British comedy Fawlty Towers?)The breakfast was ok, nothing special - nice view of the sea from the restaurant. The swimming pool areas were ok but are ready for an upgrade. The hotel had run out of internet cards so were not able to use the service. The gardens were nice.Overall a terrible experience and I suggest you steer clear of the Fawlty Towers Melasti. It doesn't even deserve one star.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>caryis
<Content>Better than anticipated I had been reading these reviews for several months leading up to our holiday as we had not been to Bali before. There were so many mixed comments I just didn't know what to expect. We are a family of 3, our son is 13 years old. We stayed in one of the Deluxe Rooms. The room was spacious and clean, the beds were fairly comfortable. The only thing I didn't like was the individual shower, there was no pressure and it was too small to swing a cat around but there was a shower in the bath tub which was great. The staff couldn't do enough to help, they all had a smile each time we saw them and they all asked us about our days. The room was cleaned every day, my son was happy to swim in the small pool outside our room because he felt like it was his own. The breakfasts were okay, they weren't bad except for the bacon but nothing to complain about. We had a fantastic 15 night stay and would definately recommend it. We met people of all ages from around Australia, some of which we are keeping in touch. If I go back to Bali again I would definately stay back at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelizus
<Content>Loved The Melasti       Front desk  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anna056
<Content>Great hotel for experiencing Legian My boyfriend and I stayed at the Melasti for 8 nights, and overall it was a great experience. I was a bit worried about staying at Melasti, we really only booked it because of the price. However we had a fantastic room, a deluxe one (I saw some of the others and they were not as big/nice). The room is really large and authentically decorated. We loved the pool as it is really deep, and the pool bar was also fun to drink cocktails at! All the services and staff were fantastic. Sometimes we were so tired from sight seeing we would just order room service. This food was very nice and so cheap.A lot of people on this site complain about the breakfast. It wasn't amazing, but still great for what you pay. The eggs were really good, the fruit is fresh. Most of all I loved the location of Melasti. It's right on the beach and right near all the shopping and restaurants. We walked everywhere because its so close. I would recommend it to others, its a great hotel for the price you pay. If you are wanting a five star experience than you might not be satisfied but I was uncomfortable whilst staying there. The people staying there ranged from older people, families, young groups and couples. I would go back again!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ThreeRsKC
<Content>Great, Affordable Beach Resort Almost everything about this place was great. It's a gorgeous place, and I couldn't believe we were getting such great rooms for 40-60 USD per night. The beds were comfortable, and the bathrooms were very nice. The pool and pool bar were great and convenient. It's located right on the beach. Right behind the resort, the beach is relatively secluded and separated from all the hawkers. However, if you want to go to the main area of Kuta Beach, it's just a 10-15 minute enjoyable walk along the shore. There are safes at the front desk in which to store your valuables. There are also three computers with cheap internet, as well as other applications that are free. If I were to go again, I would stay here if at all possible.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Trish_Oz
<Content>Great! The Melasti Beach Resort Legian was a great hotel and complimented a fantastic holiday in Bali. We stayed for 8 days was our first time at the Melasti.In the past we have stayed at the higher-end hotels such as Padma and the Kartika, however these were full due to a Climate Conference. The Melasti did not disappoint as it had many, if not all facilities these larger hotels offered.A nice pool with swim up bar was located in the centre of the hotel, the rooms are furnished well and includes all the facilities you would expect (Safe, TV, cable channels, air con, comfortable beds, spotless bathroom).There are two restraunts at the Melasti, one located at the very front and back of the resort. The restraunt at the back faces the beach and all guests have access to the free Buffett breakfast.Very relaxing and would reccommed to anyone contemplating holiday in Bali.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Baliflower
<Content>Wish I was there now.       You can see the expression on my daughters face.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>cballans
<Content>Loved the Melasti Beach Resort We were in a suite room and cannot fault the service. Breakfast was great. Some people are critical of the Melasti, saying breakfasts is boring and hotel outdated. We did stay in other hotels during our stay, ones which we would not return to because of the location. We had our 12 year old with us, and he enjoyed the location. Quiet in the hotel and walk out onto the busy streets. Don't have to catch a taxi everywhere. Great restaurants around the area.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>celsin
<Content>great value at the Melasti We (husband and myself and Mom and 15 year old son) stayed at the Melasti from the 10 April to the 25 April 2008. We had 2 deluxe rooms on the third floor of apartment A. One room was overlooking the pool and the other the front of the hotel. Our room (the one overlooking the front of the hotel) was a bit noisy until about 1am because of the music from the bar. We could have moved rooms but decided not to. The rooms are very spacious with a separate lounge/tv area and a large bathroom. The rooms were cleaned every day and were very satisfactory. Damp seems to be a problem everywhere in Bali because of the humidity, but not a major one. The air conditioner in the room was fantastic. Breakfast was included in our rate and sitting in the breakfast room looking out at the ocean was amazing. Breakfast consisted of fruit, cereal, and hot food consisting of things like bacon, sausages, rice, baked beans, tomoto, french toast, wedges etc. Also eggs are cooked as you want them, fried, bolied, scrambled, omlette, etc. Toast and jam and tea or coffee. Nothing out of this world but a good hearty breakfast that means you aren' t hungry until late in the day. Well worth it.. The staff are all friendly and helpful, all smiles all the time. The pool bars are great and we spent a bit of time drinking cocktails in the water. All in all great value for money and we will be going back there in the near future.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Philthy57
<Content>Ok for the price My wife and I stayed here with friends for 12 days in March of this year. Admittedly, the hotel is a little dated and shows signs of wear and tear, but we found it to be comfortable and reasonable value for money.I've noted some of the other comments in this forum regarding the standard of breakfast, and wouldn't disagree entirely. But if you steer clear of the bacon (and the coffee which is terrible), its acceptable. I would also advise against eating at the hotel restaurant for dinner (the same restaurant locale as breakfast). We ate there one night, and had the worst barbecue spare ribs I've ever eaten. I think they had actually been boiled, and had the consistency of rubber. On the plus side however, we stayed on for the in-house entertainment, and I've not laughed so much for years. The singer was a local Balinese girl - reasonable voice - but she sang everything in phonetically learned English. Her impression of Linda Ronstadt singing Blue Bayou was hysterical.There are plenty of decent restaurants and bars within easy walking distance of the hotel, so I'd never make the mistake of eating here again.Overall though, if you're on a budget and just want something comfortable and clean, I'd be happy enough to recommend the Melasti Beach Resort. I'd be happy enough to stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Manda70
<Content>Friendly We had a lovely stay at the Melasti Beach. All the staff were so friendly and accomadating. The gardens were swept everyday and was very clean. The drivers were lovely and showed us a great time around bali at a resonable rate. From our room the restaurant was a long walk but was a great location on the beach. We had alot of fun meeting people in the pool and sharing a drink at the pool side bar. We felt so welcomed and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>mertyle
<Content>Couldn't ask for more!!!!!       friends on the beach  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Freak66
<Content>Loved the Melasti Beach My family and I have not long got back from Bali staying at the Melasti Beach for 6 nights. Overall we were very happy with the accommodation (we stayed in a bungalow) overlooking the main swimming pool. The the main bedroom was very large with ample cupboard space with shelving, in-room safe, TV, A/C and kettle for those early morning cuppas. The bonus for us was having a separate closed off sleeping area for our two children (aged 6  8) with two single beds (not rollaways). The bathroom was adequate (marble finish) comprising standard bath and separate shower. It was clean and the water hot. The only negative was the lighting in the main bedroom was quite poor but we were hardly in there so it didn't make a huge difference. Also blackout blinds may have prevented our children waking so early each morning!!!The buffet breakfast was plentiful - fresh fruit, pastries, your choice of bacon, mushrooms, etc. was excellent and varied each day. The highlight each morning was having a scruptious omelete cooked by the egg chef! Ample seating in the open-aired restaurant overlooking Kuta Beach was a bonus. The swimming pool was large but quite deep in sections. However there is a separate shallow section for younger children to swim in. The kids loved floating around on the complimentary noodles and jumping off the bridge into the water each day and indulging with a banana smoothie at the pool bar. Live music played in the bar (at the entrance to the hotel) each night. Drinks were reasonably priced. The highlight was definitely a pedicure and massage at the Spa Centre - indulge yourself!Overall we loved the location of the hotel - easy walking distance to Padma  Melasti Street. Plenty of good restaurants within the immediate area without having to walk too far with the kids at night. As always there is plenty of shopping to be done, the Balinese people are still as beautiful and friendly as ever. It had been 6 years since I was last in Bali but I can assure you it won't be taking us that long to go back. Each night by 6 year old asks when can we go back to Bali? I can confidently say  next year and we'll be staying at the Melasti Beach.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Erin-Kate
<Content>Loved the Melasti...reccommend it Stayed here for 11 days during feburary and loved it. Have been to Bali several times in the past 9 years and stay somewhere differnet each time and this hotel is up there with the best!! Even compared with much more expensive hotels. Staff were all friendly and always had a smile. The pools were great and made the best cocktails that were very reasonably priced. Breakfast was good but have had better else where.(though not really complaining) Stayed in the Garden cottage suites and for an extra $60aus for the 11 nights well worth the extra. The rooms were absolutly huge and the beds were some of the comfiest i have stayed in. To wrap up i would recommend this hotel..and i loved it so much that myself and a friend have booked to go away in novemeber and I will again be staying at the Melasti.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>1234WestAustralia
<Content>Would not recommend Recommended by a friend of a friend. First impression upon arriving at reception, staff friendly, took forever to get someone to help with the bags. The pool was closed, pretty colour green. Booked 2 superior rooms, A/C in one leaked constantly, big puddle in front of door. Had several goes at repair, moved to another superior room. Same problem. Finally upgraded to a suite, very nice. Second pool a different shade of green. Would not have eaten breakfast at hotel if not included in price. Would not recommend eating any meals at hotel, plenty of nice restaurants within walking distance.In a nutshell hotel is old and tired, in need of some serious maintenance. Eating at the hotel should be avoided. If you must stay here upgrade to a stand alone suite at the rear of the hotel.Not a good 3 star hotel.Rick K - Woodvale, Western Australia  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Susanna61
<Content>Loved the Melasti What a great hotel. Our room was in the older section superior size, huge king bed great size room, and very clean.For a 3 star hotel it was better than what we had expected.Our room boy was fantastic would do anything for us. We had heard that breakfast wasnt fantastic but decided to give it a try. It wasnt bad at all, just as good as any of the 4 stars we had stayed in previously.The staff are so friendly and go out of their way for you. The day spa is just beautiful we had a 4 hour treatment that was out of this world and was only $50 Aus. We had a massage, scrub, yogart painted on us then a bath covered in the most beautiful flowers. After that we had a facial and a leg and foot scub massage, the only problem we had was trying to get ourselves together enough to go out that night could have slept for hours after.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Alipaula
<Content>spa great!!!!!!! We stayed here for 12 nights the staff were very pleasant and the spa centre was great!!!!!! we had a deluxe rooms at the front of the hotel over looking a small swimming pool the rooms were very clean and the air con was great. The only thing we didn't like about the hotel was the breakfast and all the food it was terrible so what ever you do don't get breakfast included go elsewhere we went to the padma and paid for breakfast it was expensive but worth every cent. In general we had a great time in bali and met some really nice people young and old so go to bali but stay at a more expensive hotel remember you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>LondonH
<Content>Great location I stayed here for a week earlier this month. I was due to arrive right at the end of Ramadan, which is a public holiday on Bali.What I later found was that many people from neighbouring Java come to Bali by ferry for the holiday, so many of the hotels were fully booked.I managed to get one of the last rooms available at the Melasti, having already tried 3 other hotels. As a result the room was very basic, dark, and looked over the main hotel bar, so you could hear at night the bar's evening entertainer. He was terrible but I grew to like him (as I felt sorry for him).That said, I thought the hotel was great. To me, a hotel is all about location, location, location. The Melasti is right in the middle of Kuta/Legian/Seminyak beach. A hundred or so yards to the left (towards Kuta) the beach was packed. The same if you turned to the right (towards Seminyak). Yet the bit of beach outside the Melasti (also outside the Padma and Mandira hotels) was usually almost empty. Great! This bit of beach also seemed to be the cleanest part (I walked up and down the beach lots of times). The beach at north Seminyak was full of litter and had black/grey sand, so I would'nt advise staying there.The breakfasts at Melasti are great, and taken right in front of the beach. The hotel has three pools. I usually had no problems getting a recliner.Right outside the hotel is a mini market (great for buying your Bintang), a dry cleaners (very cheap) and an internet cafe (dont use the hotel's internet services- very expensive).Some very good and inexpensive restaurants close by too (will put the details on my Bali review shortly).A walk into Kuta takes about 20 minutes (you can walk to it along the beach). Do not stay in Kuta itself unless you want to party constantly. Legian is far enough away to enjoy some tranquility whilst being close enough to go to Kuta for shopping.Melasti rooms have a fridge and a TV with about 8 english channels (including Star Sports). You can get a safety deposit box at reception free of charge. The water is hot too.Overall this hotel was great value for money- 拢24 per night for the room when I stayed. Its location is perfect too.Tip, try to get one of the deluxe rooms if you want more than jst a basic room.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sujak90
<Content>Great Place for All!!! We have just returned from Bali and stayed at Melasti Beach Resort it is our first stay at Melasti, we usually stay in Kuta but have stayed at another hotel in legian about five years ago. I really enjoyed our stay the staff and service could not be faulted.We originally had one of the new superior rooms around the new pool but as we are night owls we found the screaming kids a bit much in the mornings so we just approached the staff and they immediately got us another room in a quiet area. The food at the hotel was fine and the breakfast was huge. We would have no hesitation in recommending this resort to anyone.We will be returning next year.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ludAvocaBeach
<Content>Great cocktails My family and I stayed at the Melasti in Legian for two weeks in August. We found the resort fantastic value for money. We stayed in a suite room which was very spacious. The rooms were decorated in typical Bali style which added to the appeal. If you want it to look like a hotel in Australia, why travel?The rooms were very clean and all the staff were friendly and very helpful. We didn't encounter a problem with any of them. I really like the grounds of the resort and the location of the restuarant overlooking the beach. We have read many reports of the breakfast being below average,but my family found it more than adequate. Maybe we're just easily pleased. I don't know what a lot of people expect from breakfast but I found the convenience of eating there watching the surf just fine.We do agree that the restuarant food at night is average but we didn't think there was anything wrong with a burger and chips by the pool for lunch. We can recommend Tommy's cafe which is only opened for breakfast and lunch. Great salad rolls, salads and the best iced coffees and milos.There are so many great restuarants to eat at. We found ourselves heading out of the resort at the beach end and turning right towards a few great restuarants. Our favourites were definitely Seaside and Zanzibar. Another great restuarant is the Indo National and we can also recommend the Flying Piano.Be warned though if you are first time visitors and you decide to go to the Volcano on a day trip. If you do a tour they take you to a restuarant overlooking the Volcano. My husband and son contracted food poisoning there and my son ended up in hospital. Since this happened we have learned of a few other people getting sick from there. It definitely changed our holiday but not our view on Bali.We will definitely go back and I would stay at the Melasti again. Did I mention how great the spa was?To all those people considering a holiday in Bali, I would definitely recommend the Melasti for value for money, good location and very family friendly and they don't make a bad cocktail at the pool bar either. Cheers!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>PerthPerth
<Content>Value for money My husband and I stayed here for 8 nights end of June. We paid $940 each to stay in the superior room, flying from Perth, incl breakfast,but no airport transfers. It is very good value for money, bearing inmind I would be rating it more off a high 2 star low 3 star.The superior room in very spacious with a very big bed. The decor is a little tired with things like water stains on the walls. It is clean though. Our room was in the older building of the resort and from the outside it is obvious it is the older building. The pool (main one with the bar) is a good size and clean but once again it is a standard resort so don't expect manicured landscaping and waterfalls.Food is not very good though. If I stayed again I would opt to take out the breakfast option. If you love a good hot buffet breakfast you will be disappointed. We missed breakfast quite a few mornings seen as it just wasn't worth getting out of bed for. Room service food wasn't that great either.Service was very good. As normal you get one or two who are there just to have a job but you can't go wrong with Balinese people, they are very warm and friendly.Location is brilliant! If you walk out of the resort (beach side) and turn right, there are the most beautiful restaurants on the beachroad. Zanzibar and Blue Ocean were my favourites. We spent a lot of time on this part of the beach, both day and night.There is lots of room in this resort for children. Many of the peoplewe spoke to were repeat visitors as they said it was good value for money (nearly all the repeat visitors were staying in the suite rooms which are excellent). I completely agree with that statement. Yes it is good value for money but just make sure you are expecting a 2/3 star resort.I recommend the spa at the Melasti also. Brilliant for what you pay. I wish I had gone there on the first day rather than the last day!I also highly highly recommend Koris restaurant. We had one of the hut tables. Band that played were brilliant and the frozen margueritas were excellent. Also Uns restaurant is worth a visit.Enjoy your holidays.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>keysy001
<Content>Melasti Beach - ok!       ketut - our driver  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>peedee42
<Content>Excellent a usual Juy 07 - Just returned from 4th stay at Melasti and could not fault it. Yeh OK the breakfast is not the best but everything else is great. This is the 3rd stay in Family suite (huge) with 2 teenagers and have stayed in Superior interconnecting rooms (over pool) with 5 girlfriends and could not fault them either. Rooms are large, clean and well serviced. All the staff are most helpful and pleasant and the location is perfect; close to everything but without the hassle. Have recommended to many and have never had a bad word said about it. Like many hotels, it is good to dine elsewhere, as much for the variety as anything and it is perfectly located for many inexpensive excellent restaurants. We'll be back next year....fingers crossed  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Dana76
<Content>Stay Here! Been to Bali 8 times and stayed at different places - the Melasti Beach Resort rates! Great pools with swim up bars, good staff, go the superior room which is really spacious. Food is average but head elsewhere. Just out of Kuta, but close enough for mid-sized walk along beach or down Legian Street or a short taxi ride in. Good mix of age ranges but not a party hotel but caters for all. Pool side massage available and right on the beach. Great alternative to staying in Kuta.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JoanneM
<Content>Melasti was good Stayed at the Melasti for the first time for 20 days with my husband and 11 year old daughter. Recommended by friends who have stayed there often. At first a little dissappointed, but the place grew on me quickly. Had a huge suite cottage room which really are HUGE!!!, clean and well decorated, great for families. Pool chairs were a little hard to find for the first couple of weeks (school holidays) so that was a little on the downside. Food was OK at the resort. Staff were fairly helpful. Have stayed in Bali many times and this resort is very reasonably priced and is especially good for families. The cottage suite rooms are much better than the suite rooms in the building wing. Good restaurants around the resort. I would recommend Indo National on Padma Street and a great restaurant called Sea Side. If you turn right and the resort restaurant and keep following the road for a few minutes, you will come to this restaurant. Excellent food, very cheap.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PeterFrankston
<Content>Peter It was the second time I stayed at the Melasti. Had a nice big room with a huge King Size bed. Very clean bedrooms and bathrooms. The Resort has a magnificent garden and you can chose between three pools. And once again the staff was very kind, friendly and helpful. Even the breakfast buffet was ok. It is nice anyway having breakfast overlooking the beach. But I would recommend to eat any other meal some place else because I think the kitchen in general is not the best. On the other side..why do so many people complain about food...the smokers in restaurants are worse, mostly australians. Location is great, only a short 25 minutes walk to Kuta or Seminyak. Will definately come back again. Have compared a lot of other hotels around Legian and Kuta and not once was as good considering what I paid for. Met people there who were there already the seventh time!!!! Looking forward to my next visit.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>markh
<Content>loved this place I just spent one week at the melasti and what a great vacation.The only thing i could possibly complain about was the breakfast but for what i paid per night I cant even complain about that.The location is great. Maybe a 30 minute cab ride from the airport.I had a supperior room overlooking the big pool and my A/C worked great.Everyone at the hotel treated me great along with all the Balinese people.There are many shops within walking distance and I paid with tip about $2 u.s.d. for a cab ride into Kuta.Many restaurants in the area but i would look for the ones with a crowd since i did make the mistake several times of avoiding the crowd just to be very dissapointed.poser's was one restaurant in the neighborhood I can highly reccommend.I will surely stay at the melasti again..  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeica8
<Content>couldn't ask for more! i stayed here for 3 nights.1.room service was cheap and wasn't bad at all.2. didn't use the pool during the daytime but it was justlovely at night..(the small pool behind the main entrance)no one was there..so it felt like i owned it.3 front desk ppl were kind4. breakfast was ok..5.the location!!!!!!!!i couldn't ask for a better location..surrounded by cheap dvd shops, 7/11.. very easy to go to kuta or seminyak.wasn't hard at all to walk to places..6.the hotel spa was to die for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!so cheap, so good!!7.the room was okay. tv was okay. a/c was okay. it was justa comfortable room! and clean!8 . best thing was that for each night, it was only $30!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i really couldnt' ask for more!! it was worth every penny of it.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>MarkQueensland
<Content>Beware this Hotel My wife and I stayed here from XMas Day until 8 January 2007 on the recommendation of our travel agent. Our usual Bali accomodation was booked out and our agent advised she had repeat customers for this hotel. We travel to Bali at least once a year sometimes more.Rooms are very big and spacious and clean - that's where it stops.Ordered Room Service - instead of Fish and Chips got a plate of chips.The food was terrible. We took some Balinese friends to lunch there on the first day and, after some prodding, even they said the food was awful. We had breakfast included but after the second day we walked up the road and bought it every morning. The food appears to be re heated day after day.Noise from the Pool area was deafening on occasions. Quite a few very loud people with very loud children.We lay on the bed one afternoon for a quick nap. There was a Jackhammer going upstairs. My wife had a quick look and they were refurbishing three rooms directly above us. My wife asked reception if we could be notified in future and if it was to continue for a long time can we be moved (no big drama just let us know). Management basically said what work even as the sound of the Jackhammer resounded throughout the foyer. Now there is a problem - they've lied. A young Aussie mother also flies in using soem Aussie venacular. She's been trying to get her young children to sleep and this is the third time she has requested something be done about the work or be moved. Management looks at her and says there is no work going on. Apparently she really let them have it.Had two cans out of the Bar Fridge and they were never replaced. About three days before we left, the whole contents of the Bar Fridge disappeared - who knows why. We had three cans of our own stuff in the there and when we left we were charged for the three cans we had purchased. We were so happy to leave we didn't even bother arguing - we just paid for them.This one is X Files stuff. The shower curtain is standard and has the rings attached hanging from a rail. About four days into the stay more than half of the rings have disappeared and half the shower curtain is dangling. We didn't take them or break them.The only thing we can come up with by way of explanation for the shower curtain and bar fridge is that if one room runs short of something or there is a breakage, they grab it from another room.When we were leaving we sat in the foyer waiting to be picked up. We heard two more complaints. One young couple had just arrived (6pm) and were told their room was not ready and that they may have to wait until 10pm. Young lady was not happy. Another older gentleman had booked two interconnecting rooms for Mum Dad and kids. The airconditioning wasn't working in one of the rooms and he was asking for it to be fixed before they moved in. Request seemed to be falling on deaf ears.If you want a big room at low cost stay there. We are not snobbish but the low cost for suite rooms is obviously the reason a lot of their repeat customers stay there. We didn't eat there or use any of the facilities - it was only a place to sleep. We have told our travel agent never again.Walked through the Padma Hotel - think we'll stay there next time.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Michelenz
<Content>Great stay       Pool area  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jodeena
<Content>Melasti is Great Just like Bali Please Go We stayed at the Melasti for twenty days our teenage daughters had a double room and we had a double.We took a package and our budget rooms including buffet breakfast averaged out to AU$10.0 per head per night. Amazing Value!Our rooms where we stayed for the first ten nights were very basic but they had great air conditioning and cable tele. Many sounds from the street waft up but I like that I dont go away to be hearing the same noises as home although the girls thought the music from the bar at night was a bit over the top.When we werent doing stuff during the day We spent our time relaxing around one of the Three pools the Melasti has My favourite was the 'grand prix' pool which is in the shape of a big circle and the current just takes you around all day .There is also another huge pool and a smalller one located at the front of the hotel which is very quiet place to hang out .Every morning we walked down towards the Melasti restaurant for breakfast which was a buffet style and I am sure everyone will find something they like to eat I liked the yummy toast and also the omelettes and the savoury rice was nice too!. This is just beautiful overlooking the surf beach and having a lovely breakfast. On the tenth day we made a complaint to management because of some very disrpuptive tourists that had moved in making our stay uncomfortable with their drunken behaviour. Management upgraded us immediately to better rooms so we could enjoy the rest of our stay with our family in a peaceful way. You see nothing was to much trouble to make our stay a great family holiday.I cannot fault the Melasti the staff and amenities are amazing albeit astounding value Additionally there are many places near the hotel to eat and shop on my last day there i had nasi goreng meal for less than a dollar! and legian street has some fantastic shopping TIf you are a little afraid of returning to Bali I urge you to reconsider. Your luggage can be wrapped securly at Melbourne airport and the security in Bali is truly incredible but of course it is done in that beautiful Balinese way so you never ever feel intimidatedOur children are precious we would never let harm come to them We came once six months ago without the kids to make sure it was OK and safe for them Our girls had a ball brought many bargains made many friends , saw amazing things and really appreciate how lucky we are in Australia but deeply respect Bali and its beautiful peopleWe all felt safe and happy at the Melasti it was so relaxing and laid back.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Melasti Resort After many visits to Bali my children  I decided to stay somewhere different so we decided on the Melasti Resort. It was fantastic. We had one of the new rooms, right by the pool. Very spacious  clean. The people at the hotel were very friendly. We had Reflexology  many massages which are a definate must if you stay there.Breakfast was good, food by the pool was delicious  the location is great.Overall, for a 3 star hotel, I would definately recommend it  will stay there again next year.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bundyone
<Content>Loved The Melasti - Will Stay There Again Melasti Beach ResortSpent 8 nights in a superior room overlooking the pool near the lobby in March 2006. The property has 3 pools and does represent good value for $$. The superior rooms were very clean  quite large. Staff were very friendly  would stay there again. The only downside is the restaurant. Forget it. Food is very average. Had breakfast included in the package but ended up sourcing my meals from other resorts and/or restaurants. For a good feed at a very reasonable price, the Bali Niksomma is a short 3 minute walk away up the beach (go there and try their Nasi Goreng Niksomma鈥?FANTASTIC!)For those on a budget, the Melasti Beach Resort in Legian is great!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>excited05
<Content>loved melast stayed here twice and want to go back hi, what can i say the melasti is excellent value for money have stayed here twice before and would keep going back, good location not to far from kuta but far enough. Always get the upgraded room and always ask for a room in the new buliding around the pool, very spacious and clean, great breakky every morning right on the beach. Loved the room service and also the beauty and spa salon very cheap and well worth it. Alot of nice restaurants around that area especially a mexican just up the road a bit. Both times have been a delight!!!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melasti average We visited Bali for the first time in July and started off by staying 5 nights at the Melasti in Legian. When we arrived the foyer and everything seemed nice enough. We paid for a superior room and constantly asked whether the room we were given was that and we kept getting the reply 'Yes superior room for you'. However upon returning and staying for our last 3 nights after Ubud (we booked a package and had to return to the Melasti) we were given a much nicer room poolside, and upon returning to Aust i asked our agent where the superior rooms were and she said they are the one's beside the pool. So that was our major problem with the Melasti the fact we got ripped off. Very disappointing! The other complaint was the staff at the front desk, a few were very ignorant and at one stage we needed change for the taxi and they didn't have any, now for an international hotel i expected they'd have change.Facilities were average 2 pools but nothing special.The one thing i could not fault are the waiters and waitresses in the restaurant. we were greeted with a warm smile every morning.I would not return, rather i would spend more time out in Ubud, where we stayed in a beautiful place called the Bali Spirit. Absolutely superb!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ozdeb
<Content>Great for families This hotel is great for families. We stayed in 2 of the newer interconnecting suite rooms and they were huge, clean and comfortable. My 2 sons, aged 11 and 9, made new friends almost immediately and had a great time playing around the resort. People staying at the resort were about 90% Australian, and mostly families, with usually at least 1 surfer in the bunch. Everybody was very relaxed and friendly and it was easy to talk to people, in fact it felt like one big family. Location is good, being right on the beach. The so-called road that runs along the beachfront is really just a walkway and not a problem. The street out the front of the hotel is not too busy, there are some nice restaurants within easy walking distance and a supermarket across the street.We were here on the 1st October, but found this end of town to be pretty quiet and felt quite safe.We will definitely be coming back to Bali and the Melasti.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value/Location The Melasti Beach Resort was a very clean and friendly hotel. The hotel room was cleaned daily and the staff were very accomadating. The grounds of the hotel are very neat. We stayed in the superior suite room with a balcony. The room was very large. The location was right on the beach and we enjoyed having breakfast overlooking the beach. For lunch and tea we ate at local restaurants a couple of great ones the Zanzibar and the Bali Deli. There are three large pools but found there was not enough chairs around the paved pool area. No lawn to lay on...........other than that great place to stay for the price and location.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併亴銇欍伆銈夈仐銇嬨仯銇燂紒   showReview(19160665, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AdrietMag
<Content>sans charme   showReview(5892951, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	4	4	3	3	3	

