<Author>Ambielf
<Content>A Very Unique Hotel We stayed at Hotel Amrath from January 3-5 2009. The building itself is beautiful inside and out. Be sure to take a walk up the lobby stairs to discover the stained glass dome ceiling among other details along the way. The layout is sort of like a maze, but I enjoyed it and had it figured out pretty quick. The room was larger than the 5 star I stayed at in Paris, and the bathroom was really big. The tub is very deep and had a seperate shower, double sinks, lit mirror, etc. Room had high ceilings, a VERY comfortable bed, free mini bar (nice feature), an espresso machine, pants press, etc. The only thing weird was the placement of the TV. We had to move it around or lay the other way on the bed if we wanted to relax and watch. The restaurant had an okay buffet breakfast, but it was sort of pricey. I think it was 25 euros a person. The dinner there for me, being vegetarian, wasn't anything exciting. But my friends had rack of lamb and seabass and loved it. The employees were very helpful and kind to us. They also provided plug adapters free of charge (on loan) which was nice. The pool, sauna, and steam room were great. The hot tub was the same temp as the pool, so not really a hot tub. Maybe a two minute walk to the train station and the tram. Very close to the downtown area and red light district. I would recommend this hotel to others for sure. The building is just so neat and it's in a central area.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Globetrotter1973
<Content>Chic Hotel My partner and I spent four nights in October at the Amrath and loved it. We stayed in a junior suite with a canal view and were really gobsmacked by the dramatically high vaulted ceiling, the wall of huge windows, and the beautifully appointed furnishings. The bathroom was awesome and the free mini-bar was a definite plus. Breakfast was excellent. The spa was nice, though could use more fitness equipment. My one gripe is that the front desk and concierge staff is aloof if not altogether useless. The concierge was clueless. He unwisely advised us against purchasing the 鈥淚 AMsterdam鈥?card (which would have saved us serious money); gave us completely wrong information about the city鈥檚 major museum and the canal cruises; and, most annoyingly, didn鈥檛 even know that there is a historic windmill within walking distance of the hotel. In fact, he insisted we were wrong! (We weren鈥檛.) A 5-star hotel really needs a 5-star staff.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>NYLady4
<Content>In one New Yorker's view: not as good as expected but did the trick Stayed at the Amrath at the end of December 2008. Keeping in mind that 5 Stars means something very different in the US than it does in Europe, the Amrath was a good find and a good deal for what it was - but like some others I would not call this a 5 star, even for Amsterdam standards (i.e. I popped into the Pulitzer and just from the lobby area it seemed much nicer and in a nicer location). We booked on travelocity and got a deal that came out to about 250 dollars a night, less the 43 Euros they charged me at check-out for city taxes. The building is interesting and very pretty from the outside, although the lobby was very small with no amenities. The restaurant was completely empty every night I was there and the room service was overpriced with a high room service surcharge, so we never ordered anything. The staff was very nice and the concierges were helpful. The room was small for US standards, but big enough for a 6 night stay, clean, with a very comfortable bed and black out shades. Great shower and great bathtub big enough for 2. Free minibar is a nice perk. Convenient location to central station and the red light district, and about a 20/25 minute walk everwhere else within the city. The one con that really got to us: on New Year's Eve we wanted to go up to the roof to watch the fireworks. We were told that to do so we would have to pay 15 Euros per person! Granted it came with a glass of champagne, but one would think it enough that we paid for 6 nights there. Tacky that going to the roof on New Year's eve was not free for guests. The pool area was eh and the one time we used the hot tub it was not hot enough, but the suanas are very nice. Overall, if you can get the kind of price we did, it is a good pick and a good find. But if you are looking for something luxurious look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Denver_Mullican
<Content>Great location, room and service - minutes from train station This is a hotel I wish I could have stayed longer in. From check in to check out the service was impeccable and the room excellent. The location, a five-minute walk from the train station and right next to the historic area of Amsterdam, was outstanding. The room was very large with a desk, flat screen TV and free mini-bar. The architectural details of the building were also impressive 鈥?the lobby area is worth a visit. Denver Mullican, New Orleans  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carolc
<Content>Loved the Amrath! My husband and I stayed at the Amrath hotel for 4 nights and we loved it. We found the concierge and the staff to be extremely helpful, friendly and pleasant. The service was quick. We ordered ice for the room and it was delivered in less than 5 minutes.The beds were very comfortable with great bedding. Loved the free mini bar. The bathroom was very unique. The only improvement I could add is that the extra toilet paper should be moved. It is right in front of the shower (which has no door) and we soaked it every day.I would definitely stay there again. It is within walking distance of many of the sites. There was a restaurant right around the corner called Looks that I would recommend.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wmtdp01
<Content>a relaxing time at the Amrath I'd classify this as a 3/4 star hotel as opposed to a 5*, but nevertheless we enjoyed our stay. Location is good as it's close to Central station.We didn't eat there so can't comment on the food.Staff were friendly.Facilities - only experienced the gym and pool which was ok (when we found them)Room - ok, but view was rubbish as our window overlooked the building next door which looked like a hospital stair case!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	2	

<Author>drhenry
<Content>amazing hotel in amsterdam       taken in the evening  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>AmazonT
<Content>Not Exactly a 5 Star but I still Loved this Place Ended up having to pick a hotel at the last minute and immediately came to TripAdvisor.com for advice. The all-inclusive minibar, I have to admit, was a bigggg selling point and the 5-star rating helped as well. We were pleasantly surprised thoughout our stay with how friendly and thorough the hotel staff were. The concierge was amazing in helping us arrange everyhing from dinner (try Looks!) to canal cruises to tours of the RLD to tickets to the Van Gogh Museum! The reviews saying that this hotel is a bit out of the way are correct, but it really isn't that far at all (just another canal over from all the action and I actually enjoyed the quiet for the rare times I was sleeping. The only con was that housekeeping forgot to stock the minibar the day before we were due to check out. Other than that, I loved this place.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Mikemanchester
<Content>Immaculate art deco experience The Grand Amrath is a stunning building that has had no expense spared on it. Silk wallpaper in rooms, luxury bathrooms and very comfortable beds. Staff on the whole were very good - especially concierge who coped well with requests and were very helpful. Things got a little manic at busy breakfasts but overall the customer service was very good indeed.The location is perfect for a short walk to the station as it is midway between the central station and landmark Nemo Science Museum at Oosterdok. Be seduced by the quality of the building - you do get a free minibar which is well stocked but rooms are expensive even by Amsterdam standards.I would wholly recommend this hotel for a stay in Amsterdam which is a splurge or something special. The staff are very helpful on the whole and it is well located for most of the sights you would want to see if you are going for more than voyeurism in a certain area of the centre...  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Alphatraveller
<Content>More like 3* service Nowhere near a 5 star. Service was poor. Having a cute building isnt enough. Was there for business meeting in Hotel and they obviously dont major in that either.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>dmsmith411
<Content>Beautiful, classic, historic hotel with exceptional service It was very difficult to find a room in Amsterdam during the dates we would be in the city. We found a room at this hotel and I have to say I was a little afraid that it would not be fun, in a good location, etc. As a wonderful surprise when it was pointed out to us as we got off of the train, we were excited to walk up to it. It is absolutely beautiful in design (a historic shipping building), the staff was more than helpful. Our room was absolutely stunning and the mini bar was inclusive!!!! It was I feel a more than fantastic value for our money and the location couldn't be better. We walked the entire city (centre) for 2 days and couldn't be more pleased than to come back to the water and away from the seedy downtown part. It was perfectly located to the train station and the conceirge and staff could have not made better recommendations. I would return in a heatbeat.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fostex
<Content>Excellent hotel Travelling on business in the busiest week for Amsterdam hotels (International Broadcasting Conference) My co workers and I had to vacate an awful hotel a mere 200 meters from The Grand Amrath. Walking in off the street, I approached the very helpful staff who managed to accommodate my entire party in what proved to be a very pleasant, well run and excellent value hotel. Lives up to its star rating and I cannot commend the helpful and welcoming staff highly enough.Centrally located and well designed. I would certainly recommend this hotel for a business or pleasure stay.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Habalaba
<Content>A Real Pleasure My wife and I stayed in the Amrath over a long weekend on the strength of the recommendations from this website. It was exactly as described, a real treat. The rooms were excellent with the standard of finish, service and attention to detail first class. We had an expresso machine and a free mini-bar, re-stocked every day (without asking), a full clean by maids each morning and a tidy up each evening, plus an additional visit around 6 o'clock each evening to ask if we had run out of anything in the meantime. The staff were superb. Friendly, welcoming, always attentive and extremely helpful without being overbearing. I agree with one or two other reviewers that the breakfast is too expensive. We tried it one morning as a treat but then easily found places to have breakfast within 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Apart from this one thing I can thoughoughly recommend the place to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Squirrels236
<Content>Great Time We鈥檝e just come back from a lovely long weekend in Amsterdam at the Grand Hotel Amrath and we cant wait to go back. Upon arrival we were met by a lovely team of helpful staff. The room was great and the free mini bar a novel idea.My girlfriend loved the automatic curtains, guess what my next DIY project is鈥?The Hotel was clean throughout and the Wellness centre a great feature, we had the whole thing to ourselves for a couple of hours. The interior of the hotel is quite dark and d茅cor a bit heavy but this added to the overall style of the hotel. Location is great with good links to all parts of the city. Would recommend a bike tour of the city if you have chance. Had a great meal at Looks restaurant, just 5 minutes walk. Will definitely be back soon.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>bex9993
<Content>Gorgeous hotel, the service was the downfall. Firstly the hotel itself was in a great building and the room was fantastic and it was pretty central. However, I didn't find the service to be that great considering how much it had cost and although we booked a double room it was two single beds pushed together.However, what really worried me is they took my card for city tax and any room service that I may use and said that would be it. On check it I had a receipt for the city tax and that was it, but they had taken 400 euros out of my account without notifying me at all, which was quite worrying as I had already fully paid. If you go I would personally not give over my card or clarify everything first.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>S3CPO
<Content>Fabulous location, fabulous hotel We stayed at the Grand Hotel Amrath over the Bank Holiday weekend in August. It's in a fabulous location (just 5 minutes walk from the Central Station) and is in the most amazing Art Deco building. the staff couldn't be more friendly and helpful (the porter even gave us a little talk on the history of the hotel whilst carrying our bags to our room).We had a superior deluxe room on the 4th floor, which was huge with the most enormous bath and a separate shower cubicle, as well as a free minibar and bathrobes. The Wellness suite in the basement (gym, pool, sauna, jacuzzi) is a fabulous place to relax after a hard day's sightseeing. the hotel restaurant isn't cheap, but the food was excellent and you couldn't complain about the service either. There are loads of other places to eat, too, if you want something less fancy. We got a fantastic deal on the hotel through Expedia, and would definitely go back!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Tiggette
<Content>Stylish hotel, great rooms, one small issue My husband and I stayed at the Amrath for 2 nights in July for his 45th birthday. We booked through Expedia and were very pleased with our room. It was spacious and clean and the complimentary mini bar was a unique selling point which I have not come across in other hotels and was a real plus.We loved the fact that the hotel has retained so many original features. The paternoster was particularly impressive and the fact they have kept it running for all to see how it would have been used was a lovely touch. The staff are noticeably proud of what they have achieved in their first year of opening and rightly so.The hotel's location was excellent, walking distance to the red light disitrict and the station but distant enough to avoid any noise and hustle.We ate in the bar twice and the food was excellent, the coffees were also nicely served with home made biscuits.The Wellness centre was a real plus point, lovely large sauna, a jacuzzi and a lovely pool and we used it both days.Our only concern was that some businessmen decided to take a couple of ladies of leisure into the wellness centre for some frolicking on our last day and the staff member manning the centre was slow to do anything about it. We brought this to the attention of the managment but had to chase to see if anything had been done. We were concerned about this as a couple with a small child went to use the centre not long after we made the complaint so we would have liked the managment to be more proactive.However, this was a minor concern in what was otherwise a lovely stay and we would definitely stay at the Amrath again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bigbluesquare
<Content>Fabulous hotel and fabulous location This is a great hotel. Firstly it is very easy to find and a short 10 minute walk from the station. The hotel used to be an office building and as such it is unique in its layout. There isn't a main lobby as such and the reception is in a little side room. The rooms are not huge, but are beautifully decorated. The bathroom is a very decent size with lots of huge fluffy white towels, a super soaker shower and a very deep bath tub. There is a free mini bar which for us was always restocked every day. The wellness centre with pool, sauna and steam room was just wonderful with such helpful and friendly staff and no children which made it super relaxing. This is a great place to use as a base to explore Amsterdam and a welcome place to return to after a day of sightseeing. The restaurant is quite expensive though and you're only a short walk away from some top class and much cheaper places. Don't book breakfast at the hotel as you're so close to the station.TIP: If you are planning to go to Anne Frank's house and haven't booked on the Internet before coming to Amsterdam the reception staff will do it for you. It saves you waiting in the very long queue.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BernieandSarah
<Content>Beautiful Hotel and Stay Only stayed for one night, however was so tempted to extend our stay once we arrived. Check in was really friendly and efficient. Escorted to our room (16) which was beautiful. Furnished and decorated to compliment the deco style of the hotel, this is no mass market dull room. This is a beautiful room that is a delight with all the mod cons; complimentary mini bar, nespresso machine, great bath and shower, huge plasma TV, an amazing comfy bed (yes the kings are 2 singles pushed together, but they are so comfy and sturdy that they put up with our bedroom olympics ;-)) All the staff were friendly, the breakfast buffet was very good and all the facilities top noch. This is money well spent.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>klipkovi
<Content>Rooms beautifully renovated along with modern bathrooms We booked 3 rooms at this hotel to accommodate 2 families (with 4 adults and 4 kids). We got two adjoining rooms and one large suite. There was a problem at check-in with the adjoining rooms (they are not guaranteed), but they worked with us to resolve it.The large suite had a separate sitting room and bedroom. It was beautifully decorated in dark wood paneling with huge windows overlooking the dam. While at the same time, it had modern features such as a large flat screen TV, free wireless internet access, and a modern bathroom with a large tub and separate shower.The two adjoining rooms did not have the beautiful wood paneling, but it was well decorated and had the same modern features.Coming from the US, you come to expect a 5 star hotel to have a grand spacious lobby. In Amsterdam, because the buildings are very narrower, the lobby/reception area is very small. Also, the hallways don't look spectacular and there are many doors to pass through to get to the elevator. These are not negative remarks about the hotel. It's just different and something to appreciate because it was once a Shipping House. The advantage of this Shipping House is that the walls are VERY well insulated. You won't hear your neighbor above, below or beside you.Some final points about the hotel:- Breakfast is 25 euros, but well worth it. They have a large selection of quality food - meats, cheeses, fruits, breads of different grains, hot and cold foods.- Wellness center is well equipped with everything you would expect. You have thick robes and slippers in every room.- Bathroom is spotless. The most spotless I have seen at any hotel. No signs of aging and not a trace of mold anywhere. - They use 4-ply toilet paper! I have to mention this because I have never seen it at any 5-star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Kazm77
<Content>Loved the Amrath hotel Stayed at the Amrath from the 15th-18th August. Although our room was not available until 4pm (the bar was open so it was not all bad)when we did check in we were offered a free upgrade to a superior deluxe room. The room we had was fantastic, best hotel room I have ever stayed in. Loved the way that they kept as many of the original features (tiles, doors, windows etc) from its shipping house days. Beds were very comfortable, flat screen TV and free minibar - yes free minibar! View was good of the city and canal.The pool and spa area was really lovely, so unusual for a city hotel.The staff were all friendly and helpful, particularly the guy on the concierge desk - he was a credit to the Amrath - very professional and knowledgable. Impressed that the housekeeping manager went round to each room to enquire whether everything was okay with the room.And very unusual for a five star hotel was that although it was obvious it was of this standard the staff were not stuffy - this I thought was quite refreshing to find!Location was good, right near the centraal station where you can pick up trams to all the attractions.Will defintely be coming back to this hotel, hopefully in the near future!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NYVacationer
<Content>Amrath A Nice Surprise Beautiful hotel. Took pictures of the hotel which we never did before. Free minibar was a very welcome amenity. Staff was friendly, helpful and polished in all our interactions. Amsterdam has much to see and much to do. We were there for a Wedding and stayed 7 days for a vacation. Only downside to our visit to Amsterdam was the Taxi service. WE WERE overcharged twice. From that point on, we walked whenever and wherever we could - very doable in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>emmasayed
<Content>Grand Amrath Hotel Hi I stayed at this hotel last month and the pool was finished and open to guests.It is very close to the train station it is a five ten min walk at most you come out of the station cross over all the trams station then cross over the road and head left follow the road and the hotel is on the main road so you cant miss if you are on the right road its in the corner and it鈥檚 a huge art deco building but I would suggest asking direction but I have pointed you in the right direction. We booked a deluxe room which I think is the most basic one they do, we booked it through expedia and got it for 拢137 per night this included free mini bar which was re stocked every day (ever thought expedia stated it was not included) this price did not include breakfast but breakfast is excessive it is about 拢25 , there is lots of place you can grab breakfast of a lot less and very near buy. The bedrooms were very spacious and luxurious and well decorated, the beds are huge and so comfortable and it is a pleasure when the day/evening has ended and you have to go back to your hotel. The concierge is very helpful and knows his stuff as you would expect in a five star, every recommendation was very good. We will be returning to this hotel as I think it makes Amsterdam just that little more fantastic when you stay in such a nice hotel, The hotels is original art deco and is very charming , I must admit I was not instantly wowed but the hotels d茅cor as I have been in other 5 stars but this is because it is authentic and they have tried to keep its original state so its not cutting edge design, but very beautifully in its own right. The only down side to this hotel that I could find is that I found the bar staff not to be experienced enough to be working in a 5 star but still good by many other establishments standards im sure. We had to wait for a sandwich one morning which took 1h 15mins and the bar man handled it very badly instead of speaking to us and telling us that something had gone wrong he just did not say anything and waited until we approached him 45min later , the end result they offered us a free drink which is fine but we had to tell them we did not want to pay for the sandwiches which they took off the bill but only after being asked ( which is a bit poor form for a five star)Conclusion This hotel I love and will be going back again and again the pool is fab the gym is fab the sauna is fab the staff try the best to please you as best they can the rooms are lovely, breakfast is expensive and not worth it, drinks are not to badly priced. I never had dinner in the restaurant so I don鈥檛 know about that, It is the perfect location you are so near every thing the red light is on the door step yet you are a little walk away from it so the hotel is quite at night. However The standard rate for this hotel is about 拢375 per night I would not pay this for this hotel it is a great hotel but not that great, BUT if you can get it for less that 拢200 then it is money well spent. Hope this is helpful  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>EnglandNE_Traveller
<Content>Loved the location and hotel Received an upgrade to a deluxe room overlooking the canal, room was excellent, staff very helpful. I judge a good room on the bathroom and this was very good standard. Would recommend and would go back. Location was 5 minutes from the central station but quiet enough not to be disturbed.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	4	5	5	

<Author>Pia66
<Content>Disappointed - overpriced and NOT 5 star My husband and I stayed at the hotel Amrath for a weekend break from July 31 to Aug 3 ,2008. We arrived late due to flight delays and check in at the hotel went fine, the staff seemed very friendly and efficient. We were offered a free newspaper to be hung on our door every morning, and were also informed that the minbar was free and would be stocked daily. Room was a bit cramped, but a very spacious bathroom. Large TV which didn't work until numerous complaints, and was finally fixed on day 2. Nice large windows that opened to a view of other of the hotels rooms a few meters away, had to strain to see if it was a cloudy day or not. The minibar was not restocked until we complained about it, neither was the coffee. We didn't recieve a newspaper a single day even though we informed the concierge and reception daily that it was not delivered. The wellness senter was very nice, but never staffed the 3 seperate times we used it. We didn't eat at the restaurants in the hotel. To top it all off, upon check out we were presented with a bill of 30 euros even though everything was prepaid - we were informed that this was the city tax of course... even though they gave us no information of this at check in and no information on thier website about it either. All in all, we departed disappointed, irritated, and with a vow never to stay at this hotel again, even though the location, architecture, and wellness senter is very nice - the price and lack of service really ruins it.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>JODIFELL
<Content>Very Nice The hotel staff was incredibly helpful and nice. The rooms were spacious and comfy. The only issue we did have was that the hotel has no airconditioning (which is common in Amsterdam). They have a cooling system which definately does work but we were there in a heatwave so the room could have been colder.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>JollyHolidayer
<Content>Lovely hotel, but just fell a little short for us! This is quite a special hotel which could be truly exceptional but sadly, for us, just fell short of the five star rating. If I could have given this hotel 4 1/2 stars, that's what I'd have done!It fell short for us on the service. The staff are extremely friendly, but for a five star hotel there didn't seem to be many of them in evidence. Also, our free minibar which is supposed to be restocked every day was only half stocked on a couple of occassions. The red wine wasn't replaced at all during our three night stay, and on questioning this on the third night when they didn't replace the white wine or the water either, we were told that they'd run out. Mmmm, not quite a five star hotel in my book.Having said that, the hotel is visually stunning inside and out, and we were very pleased with our superior delux city view room (room 206) which was enormous and so light and airy because of the floor to ceiling windows and the very high ceilings. The beds were a dream, the most comfortable I've ever slept in in a hotel, and everywhere in the hotel was spotless. The location was perfect for us too - five minutes from the red light district with lots of lovely places nearby to eat and drink. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant or have a drink in the hotel bar as both seemed very quiet and lacking atmosphere.On returning to Amsterdam I would definitely book to stay at this hotel again. I found the price to be very reasonable (I was very happy with what we received for what we'd paid), and the location was quiet enough to be away from the madness without being too far away.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>sjp1
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at the Amrath for three nights and had two seperate rooms amongst our party. Check in was painfully slow. We checked in on a Sunday evening and the hotel was empty. There were two employees working on checking in another guest so we waited about ten minutes before we could even get our check-in started. The woman who helped us routinely needed help from other employees to complete our check in. With the slow check in behind us we were shown to our rooms. The rooms were great. The beds were so comfortable with high quality sheets, pillows and comforters. There is a complimentary mini bar and complimentary wifi internet service...both pluses even though the wifi was also painfully slow at times. The room contained a big flat screen tv as well although there was no pay per view movie service. The bathroom door was a frosted glass door that provided little privacy and also illuminated the room at night when one used it i.e. everytime one got up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom the other person woke up because of the light. The room was very clean though with great water pressure. The Amrath had a nice lobby bar. We had nightly drinks in the bar and always had good service with great drink options. We ate in the bar one night and the food was good for pub fare. We also had room service one night and it was good as well. I was awoken every day like clock work at 6:11am by some sort of banging that sounded like it was coming from above. Said noise lasted only a few minutes and then stopped, but the damage was done and it left a bad taset in my mouth. I'm on vacation and must sleep in! The elevators were real slow as well and there were only two that I saw. The location of the Amrath seemed slightly off the beaten path. While it was close to the Red light district, everything else of interest seemed kind of far away (museum square, flower market, city center). Now mind you that the city is not that big so I might be nitpicking about the location issue. I would stay at the hotel again because of the clean, nice, modern rooms. However, I might try and find something with a different location before booking next time. This hotel was very expensive and I did expect a little more for the money.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>cdog423
<Content>Amrath was awesome I decided to take a personal vacation to Amsterdam after I finished the spring semester of school. I stayed at the Grand Amrath after scoring a sweet deal on Expedia.Checking in was very quick, less than 5 minutes. The entire staff was awesome and willing to help out with anything I needed. The room was spacious with windows on an entire wall. The mini-bar was complimentary as well as the espresso machine. The curtains were electric and the bathroom modern (jacuzzi separate from rainfall shower). There were only a couple problems. First, instead of getting a king bed, I was given a room with 2 twin beds pushed together. Also, my room was only about 10 feet above the sidewalk, and with people walking by at all hours of the night being loud, it got a little annoying.Overall I would definitely recommend the hotel. It was a great place to stay, right on the edge of the Red Light District, and only about 800 meters from Central Station.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>locarnelo
<Content>NOT up to 5 star standards unfortunately my company booked a room in this hotel, i guess because of a lower price than you would pay for a proper 5 star. Privately we visit Amsterdam every two months and stay (depending on budget) at either The Grand or The Amstel....next time im in Amsterdam for business i will pay the price difference myself ;-)The dislikes: -dark and attic like room with a cheap finish, supposedly everybody loves the free minbar but i dislike the lack of quality items in there, like a nice champagne and chocolates...-the very Dutch and unfriendly, unwelcoming staff-the dark and dingy restaurant with poor quality breakfast, scrambled eggs in hot plates etc...brrrrr-location is very noisy and unpleasant views-the hotelbar which is definetely not a 5 star lounge but more a pub-no taxis at hand-front office staffThe likes:-the sauna and poolroom are very pretty-the big staircase in the middle of the buildingwill not recommend or return  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	2	4	

<Author>BornForTravel
<Content>Stunning accomodations       Stunning glasswork throughout  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	2	5	

<Author>chrisp1946
<Content>not quite 5star but good hotel stayed for 2 nights for a mid week break . Hotel stuunning architecturally both inside and out . This has caused some problems inside such as small reception area.and a very restrained atmosphere. The room we had was overlooking the roof tops of the old town and quiet . i would avoid the rooms by the main road. It was very well appointed with excellent beds, sheets etc and great toiletries . It also was very well equipped with tea making and expresso coffee machine . The free mini bar was a big plus but sadly not for us as we didnt drink in the room . Breakfast was good but not 5 star (the cooked food was limited , of not great quality and had been sitting around for a while . We were not yold that they would cook eggs to order but i think they wil if asked } Also the breakfast room was did not have windows and was not hugely attractive. The wellbeing area was excellent with spotless but small pool sauna, steam room and jacuzzi. However on the 2 mornings we used it there were no staff and no other guests . The hotle felt quiet and not very busy. Also our room did not have an opening window . However the aiur conditioning was extrenely quiet . all in all a positive stay but not 5 star. Given the price of hotels in Amsterdam though neither is the cost at about 拢200.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>travelerMaastricht
<Content>A great stay I have just returned from a very nice stay at the Grand Hotel Amrath. The location is great for the train station. The rooms were large and the bathroom had a huge tub and a great shower also. A big TV and a nespresso machine. There is also a free mini-bar in the room available and the beds were so comfy and its seems they have remebered every little detail of anything you could possibly need. I ate in the restaurant on the Monday evening and the food and service was lovely. The staff were very friendly from checking-in till checking-out. I love to come back as soon as posible.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Moume
<Content>We said nightmare !!! Damned, such a bad experience !!! Once ! never twice.1 - Check in : problem with our reservation. A good idea, I brought my printing reservation. It takes a too long time.2 - At the reception, during the check in details such a noisy vaccum cleaner in the entrance, going and coming members of the hotel staff but nobody with 'a hello for us' or a little smile.3- The bathroom was dirty, we asked for a cleaning. They did it. The windows were also dirty.4- We also found a slipper for the last guest under the bed.5 - The carpet and the walls in the corridor were also dirty .....May be they fished the five stars in the canal !!!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	3	

<Author>obrienmfg
<Content>Maybe not a 5 Star but a good 4 Great Location Good Hotel Nice rooms and friendly Staff. maybe not a 5 Star IMO though. Avoid Breakfast it鈥檚 a rip off at 鈧?5 per person and the Restaurant was very quiet so never ate there. Lots of good places around the area for Breakfast and Dinner, at far better prices and choices. Also charged 鈧?7 for two slices of plain apple tart and 2 coffees, crazy prices.!!!!!Very large rooms and very heavy and warm bed quilts Air con not the best even when turned up full. Only one of the windows opens marked with a sticker to let some fresh air in. Had requested a high quiet room when booking but one was not available until the 2nd Night of our stay moved at no extra charge and had a lovely view of the canals and city. Nice but quiet bar with very friendly Greek bar man called Laki, good character, ask him to recommend a restaurant for you (Greek) ; - ) Amsterdam is a great city and I would love to go back, would I go back to this hotel? Yes  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>frankyboy800
<Content>Average Amrath Stayed in Grand Hotel Amrath for mid week break recently. I was attracted to the hotel because of the many positive reviews on the website. My overall experience was positive, rooms are large and well furnished. The staff are very helpful and friendly. The wellness area is a bonus for a city hotel. the minibar was an excellent touch!I did have some negative comments however. On one evening i noticed a mouse scurrying around the bar! Quite a surprise, and ensured i did not return there for the rest of the stay. The hotel is quite dark, and the decor is similar, would benefit greatly from some flowers, paintings etc. The breakfast was pretty poor, and expensive, sub par for a 5* hotel.Overall i would rate this hotel as an improving 4* hotel  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LXDA
<Content>A warm welcome and a bed fit for a King.       Canal Boat View  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Daylami
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here for 4 nights from 22 April. The hotel is very convenient for Centraal Station, just 5 mins walk.Our room (409) was very nice and we had a view looking towards Dam Square (you could see the top of the funfair). The room was equipped with a trouser press, hair dryer, coffee machine, kettle, mini bar, safe (big enough for my husband's laptop), LCD TV. The bed was fantastic and had the most enormous pillows. My husband was especially pleased to get free internet connection. The mini bar is complimentary and was restocked each day. There was 2 bottles of coke, 2 7UP, 2 diet coke, 2 orange juice, 2 still water, 2 fizzy water, 1 small botle of red wine, 1 small bottle of white wine, 5 minatures of spirits, a toblerone and peanuts. The bathroom is great. The bath is massive and the shower (separate) is great, towels are plentiful.We didn't use the restaurant in the hotel as we preferred to get out and about. We did have a lovely meal at the Sea Palace Chinese restaurant which is across the road from the hotel. Amsterdam is quite compact to get about and we walked everyhere, but the location of the hotel, being so close to the station, means that you can get a tram very quickly.I can recommend this hotel very highly.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cookiejar28
<Content>Amazing       bathroom shots  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>enricobx
<Content>I loved everything The building is fantastic, the hotel is wonderful, true luxury at affordable prices (I looked for, and found, a special offer on the hotel website).The bed is awfully confortable, you have complimentary bar, full of refreshments and some snacks, the toiletries are by Lanvin.The staff is very polite.The location is in front of the railway station, and short walking distance from the Dam.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>twiebe
<Content>Fabulous hotel on all fronts! THe hotel is fantastic....service and staff were 5 star all the way. Great new spa and pool area. We stayed March 25th, with our 3 kids ages 6, 15, 17. Teens had there own room. We were in rm 419 (14ft ceilings plus) was really nice and large; they added a great little bed for our son with robe and slippers. We missed Easter while in Morocco, so asked staff to boil up 5 eggs for a surprise the next morning. They prepared a gorgeous platter, with fresh daffodills, quail and regular eggs, all nestled in the great easter straw...it was so beautifu! We decided to stay in for dinner after being on the road for 3 wks. Dinner was first class, and delicious. Attention to detail by all the staff was great. Highly recommend this property. Large rooms and washrooms (unsual for Europe). Loved the Lanvine Products.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>a_fielding121
<Content>Fantastic Fantastic Hotel, 1st Class nearly opposite Grand Central Station so right in the heart of things.Staff were polite and so helpful.Rooms well what can i say 7ft Bed, Bath big enough for 2, Fully stocked bar free which is re-stocked every day. room clean fresh towels and new tolietries ( which are good quality) etc renewed everday.Free use of Dressing gown and slippers, Trouser Press, Hair Dryer.I have stayed in a few 5 star hotels in my time but this one is one of the best.All i can say is if you can afford it (or get a good deal like i did) try different websites it is well worth staying in this Hotel  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asiangourmet
<Content>Fabulous building, a few problems with service! Just came back from three nights at the Grand Amrath. Beautiful building, fantastic job on the renovations. Great rooms and amenities. Service friendly and efficient on the whole especially at breakfast. However going back in the afternooon on the second day - to escape the snow and wind, we found we had few towels and no mineral water (which should have been replenished with the mini bar). Quick trip down to the front desk - still nothing turned up more than two hours later.Eventually found a member of the house keeping staff - yes I was told they had a problem, and hence there were no bath towels and the bed linen was not changed. She was apologetic and offered me one wash cloth (she said she would have had to go upstairs to get more) and an extra hand towel.I would have been happy to reuse my bath towel if they had hang it up and not removed it. What was annoying was that nobody bothered to tell us. We complained again on our way out to dinner, and was told they had a problem but they were managing. Well, he may have been managing but his guests were not! Can you imagine a guy trying to dry his 40 inch girth with a hand towel after a shower?!One does expect a hotel of such standard to provide clean linen and towels. We also had a problem when the power went one evening as we slotted in the key card. One of the floor lamps apparently caused a fuse problem but the bulb was never replaced during our stay. On the whole it was a good hotel, but they need to pay more attention to details to get it right!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>edinburghedge
<Content>The hotel staff is Grand, for sure. The Grand Hotel Amrath is within easy walking distance of Central Station. I arrived at the hotel for our four night stay, (a reunion with an old American friend), on March 19 and was greeted by a welcoming reception staff. I was guided to our room by a bellman who gave me a history of the building, formerly offices for a shipping company, it's an unusual piece of architecture both inside and out. The first thing I noticed about our room, #109, was the dramatically high ceiling and wonderfully large windows with long, extraordinarily long, floor length drapes. Unfortunately our view from these terrific windows, (which could have done with a good clean), looked out onto the back of the hotel and the rubbish bins. The room was stylishly decorated but unfortunately there was very little floor space. They managed to squeeze in a small table and two chairs along with the King-size bed but the room felt cramped. There was space to move about, but just.  Even thought the room was small it was packed with lots of fun extras. The 'complimentary mini-bar' was a first for me. They restock it daily so we emptied it nightly. We stashed stuff away just so they would replenish the entire thing. Sounds cheeky, I know, but when we moved to a different hotel for the last three days of our holiday we had a boatload of complimentary supplies to take with us. The closet/wardrobe contained a safe, coffeemaker, kettle, plenty of glassware, cups and saucers, and an umbrella, (really useful, it rained or snowed every day we were there). The coffeemaker with its selection of espressos, cappuccinos and teas, also restocked daily, was a real treat.  The bathroom was large with a ginormous tub and separate shower stall. There was ample counter space and dual sinks. The bathroom amenities were of good quality/assortment and the towels were large but unfortunately not very soft. The bathrobes are a nice touch, but again, not really comfortable... maybe it's the detergent they use.  The service, across the board, was top notch... everyone was smiling and friendly at all times. The staff is the very best thing about this hotel. There was a superior level of service throughout the property. It may be the best hotel staff I've ever encountered. I can't comment on the food service because we didn't eat in the hotel, (nor did we drink at the bar), although there is a substantial room service menu available 24 hours. Breakfast was not included in our room rate and at $40/拢20 per person we couldn't be bothered trying it. The hotel offers a gym and a pool. The pool is quite small and when we visited it was filled with children so I decided against swimming... I have a thing about kids and public pools, I mean, might as well just pee directly on me.  I'm confident that room #109 is not the best accommodation at the Amrath but it was still an enjoyable stay all the same. Thumbs Up.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>quitwhenurahead
<Content>Fab Hotel Just back from a wet and windy amsterdam, lovely city and fab hotel. as mentioned before 5 mins from central station, excellent rooms, free mini bar :-), friendly and helpful staff. please note gym is very small and fitted with limited equipment (difficult to use as mentioned elsewhere). pool is also very small.hotel is excellent base to explore amsterdam and will definitely return (in the summer when weather might be a bit kinder)worth emailing hotel for better rates!enjoy  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Travelesquire
<Content>Lovely Stay Had high expectations based on TripAdvisor reviews. Very pleased with our stay. Beautiful old building yet all the right touches in halls, lobby, rooms, service. Truly was that rare combination of up-to-date, luxurious and beautiful decor while also unique with old-world charm. Rooms were modern yet warm, immaculate, with beautiful bedding, wall covering, drapes. First-rate. Beds were firm, not squishy, and very comfortable. Vaulted ceilings, large windows that both opened and kept out noise, drapes with remote opener. Good light in the bathroom, goodsize tub. Room was not large, but enough space for 2 for a few days. So peaceful and quiet (vis-a-vis hallway and other rooms) -- a huge concern at so many hotels. A bit of street noise if on a lower floor and facing the city. Had to ask to move from ground floor (which was quite noisy and had two twins put together). Don't know why they put us through that, but were accommodating once we asked (5 minutes after getting that first room). Pool/fitness area likewise immaculate and so inviting. Very limited (and difficult to use) equipment in fitness room. Did not eat at the Amrath, so no comments there. Inviting dining/bar areas though. Kudos to the staff for terrific service. Overall, a memorable and extremely pleasant stay.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SarahandMarkSurrey
<Content>Fabulous 5 Star hotel We have just returned from a 4 night stay in Amsterdam. The weather was terrible (windy and raining and cold) but the hotel was amazing! It was in a great location, just 5 mintues from Central Station and opposite the canal. Despite the ongoing building work going on nearby at the station the hotel is a fabulous monumental building, we almost walked past it as it doesn;t look like a hotel! The staff were very kind and friendly and extremely helpful. Every single member of staff that walked past greeted you. We initially had a city view room (overlooking the canal) although I am a terrible sleeper so we asked to switch to a backroom and ended up with a lovely room on the 4th floor which was even bigger than the first choice! A free mini bar stocked daily, the room was always kept superbly clean, the sheets were clean and crisp on the bed daily. You get 3 pillows in 3 different sizes, unheard of from European hotels! The bed was so comfy, you'd lose your other half in it! There were so many nice touches that made this special, we had free slippers and robes. They leave you an umbrella in your room (obviously used to the weather!), loads of towels, not just the obligatory 2 you usually get (and big bath towels). They even have BBC 1 and BBC 2 for all you Eastenders fans out there! Free internet access. There is a great 'floating' Chinese restaurant opposite called the Sea Palace that is well worth a visit. The hotel is close to the Red light district, which isn't the nicest area of Amsterdam, although its worth a mooch around. I wouldn't go back to Amsterdam again unless it was summer as the weather was pretty bad, it put us off hiring bikes. We did a canal cruise which was ok, only 9 euros for about an hours trip. If I did visit I would certainly stay at this hotel. We got a fantastic deal from Expedia otherwise we would never have afforded it. Just to let you know, the hotel do add an additional 5% tax on the room each night, although I don;t remember reading this in the small print from Expedia.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WhitbyRay
<Content>Wonderful Despite the Wind and Rain Grand Hotel! They are trying hard to get it right. We noted several improvements relative to previous comments in the reviews. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Only problem was slow service when we had a few minor problems like no internet and wanted the extra bed removed. We received an upgrade at check-in, not sure why, maybe because we were there six nights. The bathroom was spacious and had everything and a fogless mirror.Beds were great, even the cot for our daughter who joined us for two nights. Minibar was well stocked.Location is great, walk to train station. Red Light district is close by, if that is what you are looking for. Beautiful building and very clean. The museum piece Paternoster elevator runs all day and all night and it was tempting to try it out. The regulator elevator was small and hard to believe it holds 13 people as stated.We enjoyed our stay and would be sure to go back there if they could guarantee it would not rain ALL of the time.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>troutmoon
<Content>late bookings At the suggestion of Dutch in-laws, we checked the late bookings office just up the straat from the train station. Our rate was half price for 2 nights at The Grand. My then 8 year old daughter was enamoured with the bathroom's square toilet seat. The indoor pool/spa was beautiful and inviting. The bed luxurious. Walking distance close to the town center, canal boats and trolley we happily explored the beautiful old city. Definitely a splurge, even at half price.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alicat28
<Content>AMAZING This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in and is infact a 5-STAR hotel. The rooms were large and the bathroom had a huge tub and a great shower also. Beds were so comfy and its seems they have remebered every little detail of anything you could possibly need.Free mini bar (5 x spirits, 2 x beers, 8x soft drinks, 2 x orange juice, 4 x waters all in bottles as well as chocolate and nuts oh and red and white wine) this is refilled everyday. This was a great bonus for our 2 night stay!!Staff are lovely, barman gave us free drinks as it was my dad's birthday and joined us in a toast.Decor amazing - marble staircases and beautiful designs on the glass.A truely memorable hotel - book early at booking.com for a great deal. Our room was superior deluxe.Enjoy!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Carstenjr
<Content>Warm and kind service My wife, my two children and I have just returned from a very nice weekend at the Amrath - which is excellent located in the center of Amsterdam. Although not my personal style, the room was great; Superb beds!, electric curtains, nice bathroom, big TV and a nespresso machine. Our room was also very quiet - face towards the canal. We loved the swimming pool and the SPA area, which was very tidy and clean. The hotel itself, I would rate to between 4 and 5. The reason for our 5 was the very kind and warm service we recieved by the staff. Will definetly be our choice the next time we visit Amsterdam as well.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Lisa73
<Content>Very nice hotel Stayed here the weekend after Valentines day with my Husband.The location is great for the train station.The hotel was beautiful and the room was very comfortable and luxurious.The staff were very friendly.We ate in the restaurant on the Saturday evening and the food and service was lovely.Had a great stay and would not hesitate to book again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Objective37
<Content>Truly Wonderful Experience..........GO............. The Hotel Amrath Amsterdam is one of the most impressive architectural hotel developments in Europe in many years.The buidling an old shipping house has been transformed into a luxury 100 plus bedroom hotel which is truly 5 star.The property has kept all its old designs, stained glass, marble and winding staircases.The bedrooms are facinating constructed from old offices while the conference rooms, wine vaults and cocktail bar are all remnants of times pastThe staff are friendly and helpful and the breakfast buffet is sumptous.The hotels location is on the quieter side of a lively red light district but still near enough to be at the centre of action witiin a 5 minute walk.This is a must do for all lovers of luxury, charm and location at a reasonable price  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Red-Breast-69
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This is a fantastic hotel, real 5 star luxury. My partner and I stayed here in February 2008 on a 3 day city break. The hotel is in a great location for the city centre and only a few minutes walk from Central Station. The unusal building is interesting and very well renovated. Our room was on the ground floor overlooking the harbour and despite a main road outstide it was very quite. The rooms are lovely with beds to die for. Very large and comfortable. We had the free mini bar option which was very welcome. We tried the resturant one night and the food was excellent if a little expensive.The one thing that made this hotel so great was the friendliness of the staff. Nothing was too much trouble. This is what a 5 star hotel should be like.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>naominicoll
<Content>Friendly staff, clean and luxurious We stayed at the Grand Hotel Amrath for Valentines day and we couldn't have wished for a better hotel.The staff were very friendly and accommodated all of our needs.We paid extra for a city view room which in hindsight we wouldn't do again because the view was of an office block directly opposite the room. In fact the city probably had more of a 'view' of us than what we did of it.The room was clean and was fitted with all new fixtures. The bathroom was large and spacious.Everything was in walking distance of the hotel so we did not need to get many taxi's.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a luxurious, clean and central hotel.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MacD_of_Perth
<Content>Unusual and interesting hotel We stayed at this hotel for a weekend family break (two adults, two teenagers).Nice welcome. Clean. Well-maintained. Complimentary minibar. Free Internet. No problems at all.If you're looking for a hotel that you can tell your friends about then stay here. Walking distance to the city centre (well, a bit of a long walk, but interesting all the same).  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>legmdc
<Content>Amsterdam 5 star Amrath 2 star at Best Have just returned from a 3 day stay at this Hotel. We went with another couple for a short break so thought the 5 star experience would be great, what a disappointment. A short walk from Central Station to the hotel and we were greeted by a very nice gentleman who took our luggage. We were booked from 11th Feb to 14th Feb. At check in we were handed a letter to inform us that the swimming pool and jacuzzi would be closed from 11th to 14th and that the sauna and steam room would be closed on the 12th due to a leak in the pool. So basically for our whole stay we had no facilities at our disposal. However when we visited the area there was no sign of any issues and they were doing what appeared to be corporate group tours of the area and seemed very unhappy that we were using the sauna and steam room at this time. When we complained we were offered one free breakfast and a bottle of wine which was completely inadequate, however the breakfast is 25 euros each so we used it on our last morning. We were ecstatic when we went for breakfast, at the fact we had booked room only at this hotel. The continental breakfast was fine but the English hot breakfast was poor and we did not touch it at all, so our complimentary breakfast consisited of rolls, croissants and cold meats not much at 25 euros per person. Our room was lovely but at 7.30 on our first morning we were awoken by painters construsting scaffolding outside our room and shouting orders at one another while they painted and our room overlooked a courtyard with rubbish skips etc and on each subsequent morning we were awoken with sawing and rubbish being throw into the skip by the men who were working down there from around 7.30 so no where near the relaxing break we were expecting. Apart from the nice room our stay was a disaster and we were also charged 6.34 euros per day as a local tax that no-one told us about when we booked. Would never stay at this Hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Chelt_couple
<Content>Fabulous bed! Just returned from a long weekend stay at the Amrath. Loved the location - a few minutes walk from Central Station (a 20min train ride from Schipol) and a gentle stroll to the nightlife.We didn't make use of the hotel facilities at all, just the very well equipped room. The bed was wonderfully comfy, the room spotless. Bathroom was fab - power shower, double sinks, deep bath and lovely products.......and piles of fluffy towels!The room itself was spacious and the free mini bar well stocked with spirits, beer, wine and soft drinks. You could easily just stay in the room all weekend.We did drag oursleves out and really enjoyed Amsterdam. We at in Majestic in Dam Square twice -excellent food and a really nice (quiet) atmospshere. We also went to an Argentinian steak place in a side street - had a fantastic flllet steak.Recommend the Amrath to anyone! I booked on booking.com and got an absolute bargain. I was expecting to pay 199euros a night but ended up paying 119euros - I still don't know how that happened!!!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MsTravelHag
<Content>5 Star Wannabe..not quite there yet! As mentioned in the previous review, location was great, beds were very comfy, room was quite large (much bigger than your typical European hotel room) with a canal view, free and fast Wi-Fi, your basic flat screen TV with CNN, etc. A mini bar/refrigerator was stocked everyday with nips of Absolute Vodka, Remy Martin Cognac, Bacardi Rum, Bombay Sapphire Gin, Johnny Walker Scotch, and 2 bottles each of Pilsner Beer, Coke  Diet Coke, bottled waters, tonic waters, orange juice, 7-up, small bottles of white and red wine, peanuts and a Toblerone candy bar! Our room (207) also had a great Nespresso machine stocked with all types of expresso capsules and sachet tea bags! The mini bar alone saved some Euros! The Lanvin bath products also added a nice touch, along with a trouser press and the usual suspects: bathrobes and slippers! I was not too thrilled with the bathroom though (I was impressed with the blow/hairdryer though)! It was quite small, with zero hooks for towels, no bathtub, and an interesting walk-in shower with an odd plastic sliding door. The shower does provide a rain shower head and a hand-held option but the water was never ever really hot enough! It was always bordering on lukewarm. The toilet was in a separate area. The overall decor was a tad interesting as well, dark colors and red, gold and black striped carpet! I thought the lay-out was interesting and a tad confusing as well. The elevator buttons are not labeled so I was always getting off on the wrong floor! The lobby/reception area was very small and kind of dark too! But remember the hotel was an old shipping building and the intricate wrought iron work and the interesting beauty of the building internally and externally has been preserved. However the Wellness Center was very sleek and modern and free too! Overall, I really can't complain. We got a great rate on Expedia in US dollars and I believe the hotel has only been opened since June or July 2007. There is still much construction going on (the suites are not 100% completed) and there were a few power failures..here and there! But, front and back of the house staff were always willing to help and the Housekeeping staff did a wonderful job keeping the rooms tidy and clean! During the evenings, Turndown service included a quick refreshing of your room and the weather report for the next day! You also receive an International Herald Tribune paper every morning! I think the Grand Amrath will be a very special property once they get through their ramp up stage and growing pains.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>nukenriles
<Content>Great Hotel,Great Location Loved the Hotel, short walk from the central train station close to all the atractions. You can walk every were very easily. The Amrath is a newly remodled hotel that managed to preserve the 30's Art Deco motif. It used to be a shipping building that was converted to a Hotel. The room was lovely, comfortable beds, nice pillows, and extremly high ceilings. There are floor to ceiling windows that over looked a canal. we stayed in a superior delux room,they all include free mini bar and internet. The hotel needs to figure out a few bugs, hooks in the bathroom, replacement of light bulbs. But overall none of these things detracted from the overall stay which I would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nickythehuman
<Content>Hmmm Not Really That Great I was really looking forward to staying at the Amrath - my partner and I booked in for a couple of nights to celebrate our anniversary. To be brutally honest, I was pretty underwhelmed by the whole experience; The first room we were given had no view and looked out into a staircase!We were moved to another room that was about five metres from one of the busiest roads in central Amsterdam - not that I am that bothered about noise - I just thought it was a weird re-location (we requested a city view - not a canal view which is what we ended up getting)We had to pay an extra 20 euros a night for the new room.There was loud building work going on above our new room at abou 9 in the morning.I left one of my shirts in the cupboard and when we went back to get it after checking out it had dissappeared from the room. I suspect that the housekeeping had already allocated it for one of their brothers or something. On the upside the beds were very comfortable with lots of pillows. They brought a DVD player to our room.Free minibar with a toblerone thrown in!Thay gave us free bottle of wine when we complained about the building noise.We really don't usually complain about places but this placeseemed to arouse the annoying complaing tourist that lies dormant within us! We wont be returning,  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>City_Travels
<Content>Definitely worth a visit My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights just after the Christmas and for the New Year and we were impressed from the start.We were greeted by a lovely chap who took our luggage straight to our room. The check-in was quick and smooth. I booked the Superior with canal view which was a good choice. My wife is an artist!The bed was just like being at home i.e. kingsize and comfy with good linen. The hotel is not far from all the main attractions, we like to adventure so walking was not a problem. The concierge were very helpful and to sum up all the workers they were very friendly.We didn't try the restaurant or any of the hotels facilities as we wanted to experience the Dutch life outside but nevertheless it did all look very appealing. Throughout our stay we did not see any of the other guests until we checked out on New Years Day! I would say that this hotel attracts the young and trendy, young couples or business types. It's not a bad price for what you get but be aware that you will have to pay city tax when you check-out. We will be going back!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GaryHLondon
<Content>A real 'wow' experience This is a late submission as I hadn't got around to writing a review but finally here goes....ProsThe hotel architecture is stunning and has a real 'wow' factor. The room itself was massive and very well equiped with all the expected amenities. Fantastic beds.The location is brilliant being very near Central station.The staff were very friendly and helpful.ConsThe decor in the rooms is not to my taste.There were a few problems such as the room not being cleaned despite my asking. I put this down to the hotel only been open a few months.Overall a lovely hotel that I would recommend to others  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>sjwest
<Content>Great place for romantic weekend My husband and I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Amrath Hotel in Amsterdam. Everything about the hotel was fantastic, it oozed understated glamour. I was the old shipping house and a lot of the original features are still there today. When we found the hotel, (5 mins from Centraal Station) we were very impressed, it's an impending building with flags flying! It has one of the revolving doors and as soon as you walk in the porter takes your bag and directs you to the reception room. I loved reception, you are asked to take a seat and it's very relaxing.We were then shown to our room which was totally sumptuous and gorgeous. I have stayed at the Barbizon Palace (just around the corner and also 5*) I have to say they have now got serious competition on their hands. It's the small touches that make all the difference. They have a modern Nespresso coffee machine which is so much better than the granulated stuff in other hotels. The mini-bar is complementary, its well stocked with 4 different spirits, a small bottle of red and white wine, plenty of soft drinks and water, a toblerone and a box of peanuts.The turn-down service is great, the maid restocks the coffee and any products from the bathroom and also delivers a weather report for the following day.It has a lovely looking restaurant which we never made because there are so many nice places to go in Amsterdam. We didn't try breakfast either as it seemed a bit pricey for what you got.I will definately book this hotel the next time we stop in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Crispo1974
<Content>Fantastic location, beatiful rooms, perfect for a long weekend I travelled with my girlfriend for my birthday on October 24th and had a great stay. I paid Euros 290 per night which was reasonable for a 5* - and it definately qualfies as a 5*.We walked from the Central station which took 10 mins you can see it as you exit to the left (flags flying on the roof) but watch out for the trams !We were met by the concierge who imediately took our bags and the check-in was quick and easy. We stayed in room 408 which has a great view of the city.The room was stunning - king size bed, great bathroom, wireless, flat screen tv, english plug , free minibar, robes etc. Bed turned down at night with tomorrows weather report. The Spa part of the hotel was not open (Due Dec 07) but didn't notice any noise.Use the concierge service, they were very helpful and expect nothing in return ( they booked a river cruise, a restaurant and a taxi for us) (Taxi was Euro 55 to the airport - trains cancelled on our return date !!!)The main part of Amsterdam is no more than a 10 min walk and its a pleasant walk back after a long day wandering.They have a nice restaurant (we didn't eat in) and a good bar (lots of smokey wood) the only negative and i'm being picky here.. the waiter 'topped up' my girlfriends wine glass and we got charged for 2 glasses, like I said i'm being picky.Would definately return.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OHMSS
<Content>Absolutely wonderful a great reason to vist Amsterdam Yes, at last.Its good to find a hotel that lives up to its rating and goes even further on charm and service.I will stay at this hotel each time i visit Amsterdam.It is perfectly located for Vacation or Business trips.Just across from the central station.Food great in the restaurant and fantastic room service menu.Don't hang about listening to me just go and enjoy relax in this great Hotel before they put the prices up!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mimschat
<Content>The most beautiful building in Amsterdam We stayed 10 days in this hotel (we returned yesterday), and it was a truly exceptional experience. It was head and shoulders above any other hotel in Amsterdam (we visited quite a few of them, and have previously stayed in the Radisson). Even though we were, according to the hotel map, one of the smallest rooms, the room was beautiful, similar to the one shown in the picture on their website. There were large windows and very good quality fixtures and fittings, and floor to ceiling curtains that totally blacked out the light and meant the room was also nice and quiet, especially for a hotel situated within walking distance of everything in the city centre. The bed was particularly large and comfortable, with lots of pillows and crisp white linen replaced every day, and turned down in the evening, with a weather report. Everything else from wallpaper to curtains to stationary, used the same art nouveau design on subtle colours of gold and slate blue. The bathroom was modern and spacious, with white fittings, a white frosted glass door, black marble surfaces, and stylish red and gold mosaic panel in the wall.The building is utterly glorious, in the arts and crafts or art nouveau style, with amazing stairways with wrought ironwork, stained glass panels, marble, carved stone and bespoke period furniture. They also have the most amazing floral arrangements in all public areas, which are replaced 2 or 3 times per week (amarylis, protea, gladioli, orchids). The meeting rooms looked great also, with fully restored period grandeur. It says somethin that half of the 80 photographs we took during our trip were of aspects of the hotel! In terms of service, we didn't try the food, but the staff couldn't have been more pleasant and helpful (for example, they looked up a restaurant for us, to give us directions from the museum we were visiting before it). The porter insisted on taking our cases to the room for us, and they greeted us every time we came or left the building, and were keen for feedback about what we had enjoyed.They left fruit and fresh flowers in the room on arrival, and every day refreshed the (free of charge) mini-bar with 2 bottles each of: still and sparkling mineral water, coke and diet coke, lemonade, orange juice, beer, tonic water, and a bottle each of red wine, white wine, 5 types of miniature spirits, peanuts, toblerone, good quality tea and expresso/coffee. A few days we also got (free) a small bottle of champagne, fresh fruit and a snickers bar. They also provided good quality standard items like slippers, robes, umbrellas and lovely subtle scented bath products including a rather nice 'sparkling bath sugar'.In contrast to the previous reviewer, in the entire stay we never had a member of staff enter the room without knocking and waiting, even with no sign on the door (when the privacy sign was there we never heard even a single knock, even if we left it on all day). The one day the hot water was problematic, it was cooler for two hours in the middle of the day, yet they gave a bottle of nice French red wine to each room to apologise for this minor inconvenience. They also allowed us a free late checkout (6pm) because they were concerned that they wanted to give us great service (there was nothing special about us in this, as we hadn't spent any money in the hotel apart from the amount we paid inadvance for the room and the city tax).In terms of the building works, they laid a new wood floor in the dining room the day we arrived, and worked on the office adjacent to our room later in our stay. At no point was there any inconvenience and the noise was minor and after 10am only (and I had a few lie-ins after that time without interruption!) The bathroom was very comfortable (I'm 5 foot 2 and my husband is 6 foot 3 and neither of us found the layout or height of anything awkward at all). We always had plenty of towels of all sizes and the room was kept spotlessly clean; every glass, cup and surface sparkled. Zero noise from airconditioning. So, either we (and every other customer we spoke to) were lucky, or the other reviewer was either very very unlucky or very very hard to please!I could only think of two minor suggestions for improvement: a bathmat and an environmental policy card to ensure all those mini-bar bottles get recycled and the bath products not disposed of until empty (even if they wish to provide more each day).Location wise, the hotel is on the road along the harbour, with a canal/city view from the other side. It is an easy walk from the central station, even pulling a case, and within walking distance of a good variety of restaurants, cafes, shops, museums, the zoo and botanical gardens, canal boat tours, trams, and the nightlife and red light district, so you can see the breadth of what Amsterdam has to offer. Once they complete the swimming pool and spa, this hotel will be perfect. By comparison everywhere else looked either run down, like a cheap commercial clone hotel, or bland and boxy. We took a walking tour of the other hotels in case we should ever return, so for info: The Okura hotel staff were terribly rude after a long queue to even speak to reception, the Hilton was pleasant but like an office building in the suburbs, the Raddisson dark and compact, and nowhere else had the facilities that the Amrath will have when complete. In summary, if we go back to Amsterdam, we won't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>businesstraveler2007
<Content>WAY over rated.. NOT even close to a 5 star This is NOT a 5 star hotel as advertised on most booking sites.several problems:-staff: entered room repeatedly when do not disturb sign was posted-management: the hot water was not working for an entire day. The management offered us a $5 dollar bottle of wine as compensation. They could have instead arranged for a local gym or another hotel to let us take showers! and offered to compensate us by a discount on the room.-bar service: I went to bar to ask for matches. the bar tender was actually fairly rude, almost like he was insulted I had asked for matches. He stated they had no matches and made no offer to go get some more out of storage.-hotel in general: STILL UNDER CONSTRUCTION and they don't tell you that when booking NOR upon check in! you only find out when you hear the very loud sounds of construction when sleeping. -in the finished rooms: level of trim and finish: poor job of painting evident, poorly made edges around carpets meeting walls and base board trim... -bath room: mounted the toilet too high on the wall! I am tall and I was very uncomfortable using the toile. I know my shorter wife would have found a big issue with this. -poor location of toilet, placed too close to the adjacent wall.. there was room to center the toilet and not jam it so close to the wall, especially as this was a new installation after extensive remodeling of the building, turning an older office building into a hotel.-bar staff: they are supposed to serve food until 11pm. I tried at 10:40 to order a simple hamburger... impossible I was told... it is too late they said with a shrug and a raised palms...this after I was made to wait for 15 minutes trying to find out if I could order. -room cleanliness: dirty rings around coffee cups., -no hand wash clothes to wash face until I asked.-old hotel slippers (used) still under the bed from previous resident.-decor: not really all that elegant or nice for a 5 star. Cheap carpets in a really garish red/gold/black stripped pattern that does not go well with the other decor. The walls were heavily patterned with a completely conflicting color and patter of wall paper... and the furniture in the room reminds one of the furniture in a modern danish style or german style hotel room.. all crisp lines and square edges. The looks do not at all go well together. OK, lots of other issues with this hotel. NOISY is biggest one.. far from damn square, but still noisy. Noisy construction, noisy staff in hall ways...finally, noisy in the room: how they did the heating and airconditioning system it was not well thought out in terms of damping the noise from the machinery. Could hear it kind of loudly running all day and night. even a cheep hotel does a better job than this. I can put some down to the newness of the hotel. But really, this is not even close to a 5 star. Barely a high 3 star from my book. Sad thing is that the actual working staff seem to know something is not right. They all say things are not good (I talked with several). It is clear management / training / quality control are the issues. Also late night food.. a must at a 5 star hotel in my estimation: sadly lacking in variety and quality. the lasagne bolognese i ordered was loaded with MonoSodium glutamate (I am very allergic and know it clearly the next day) and it was barely a lasagne. stacks of pasta with almost no sauce, thin layer of meat or becamel.. but mostly just a stack of white boiled noodles.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>euine
<Content>Really nice hotel...will be in future As in my previous reports of Amsterdam's hotels I haven't stayed there myself but booked for other people. The positive of hotel are really nice rooms with high ceilings, nespresso in every room. If you take care in advance you can get a nice view on channel otherwise you risk having no view at all. It was just 2 weeks of hotel's operation and service was not good as for 5 star hotel. When we arrived there was no one who could take our luggage to the reception and to the room. So we had to carry it for quite a long time as hotel is quite huge. I cannot give 5 now but if service is better, all repairs will finish in time (currently only a part of the hotel is available) and prices will be on the same level (we had 230 Euro per night per double superior room) it'll be a really nice place to stay in Amsterdam, just 5 minutes from Central station and main attractions.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>ahr
<Content>Charmed by the Amrath We have just returned from a weekend stay at the Amrath. We booked through the hotel website and enjoyed three nights including full breakfast and one three course dinner for a very competitive rate (better than other internet sites). On arrival we were upgraded to a superior room with city view. The building has been recently restored and is fascinating. Many original features have been kept including some beautiful stained glass. Our bedroom had an extremely high ceiling and full length electrically operated curtains. The bathroom was what you would expect from a new 5 star hotel. The mini bar is complimentary up to a daily quota i.e not bottomless! The bed was probably the most comfortable ever experienced with crisp white linen and marshmallow-like pillows! The decor will not be to everyone's taste (including mine) rather sobre and heavy but I imagine it has historic integrity. The artwork however, is truly awful (jellyfish on speed) and is the stuff of nightmares! Please comment I would love to know if I'm alone in that view.All the staff ,without exception, were charming and very friendly. Obviously proud of their hotel and well briefed on the building's historic importance. The dinner we had was from a set daily menu and was excellent. A la carte is also available. Breakfast was also without fault and served until 11am on Saturday and 12 mid day on Sunday. A real treat for a lazy weekend break.The location is good for most things but especially the station and the canal bus which are both minutes away. The new concert hall is also close by.There are many local restaurants and one night we went to a restaurant called 'Hemelse Modder' on Oud Waal which we thoroughly recommend for local interesting food in a crisp, clean unpretentious setting. Excellent service.The hotel has only been open a few weeks and is obviously still having teething problems but these did not in any affect our stay which was really very enjoyable. Go soon while the rates are so good!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kinv3
<Content>Pure Heaven OK this hotel really is 5 star, the overall hotel is stunning and quirky. On our stay we never saw another person other than the fantastic hotel staff. Any problems sorted in seconds (tv wouldn,t work).A great location, very close to central station and other areas of interest. The bed couldn't have been anymore comfy and the bath, well all i can say is you get lost in it. the free mini bar consists of: barcade, vodka, gin, brandy, coke, diet coke, orange juice, 7up water (both still and fizzy) tonic, white and red wine, nuts and chocolate. Two of each and a very nice coffee tea facilities.Would recomend to any couple who want a real haven.Only downside our room 115 was a little small due to the postion of the room.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Abc155
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Fantastic hotel, best in amsterdamHad a great weekend, hotel in a great location, quiet area but close to lots of attractions.One of the best hotel rooms we have stayed in, the bed was so comfortable, really luxurious throughout, every last detail is just right.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rover3001
<Content>Beautiful, Wonderful Amrath   showReview(8191909, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dthrock
<Content>What an experience!   showReview(8041691, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iph_ireland
<Content>Fantastic rooms   showReview(8019200, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>UtrechtGuest
<Content>An historical overnight stay   showReview(7969562, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	5	5	

<Author>AmsterdamSquirrel
<Content>Great new hotel, superb building   showReview(7969383, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>txispa
<Content>No Pool Gym Etc Till December 2007!   showReview(7856415, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	2	4	

<Author>Sigy-92
<Content>Un must parmi les h么tel haut de gamme       La cage d'escalier principale  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione!   showReview(20549368, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel 茅tonnant, confortable et tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(19632665, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J' y retournerai volontiers...   showReview(19632664, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel digne d'un 5 茅toiles   showReview(19632663, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour parfait... nous y reviendrions volontiers.   showReview(19632662, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s agr茅able et tr猫s confortable.   showReview(19632658, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Freundlicher Service in wunderschoenem Ambiente   showReview(19632656, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19632654, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel in guter Lage!   showReview(19632653, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je veux y retourner   showReview(19632652, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, silenzioso e tranquillo.   showReview(19632649, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(19632648, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(19632646, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres tres bon hotel   showReview(19632642, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le meilleur h么tel d'Amsterdam   showReview(19632641, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien   showReview(19632639, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un excellent hotel ne pas louper la piscine   showReview(19632635, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le meilleur   showReview(19632661, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres decevant   showReview(19632660, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo bellissimo,servizio eccellente se non fosse che..   showReview(19632633, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(19632650, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une escapade princiere   showReview(19632647, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder gerne   showReview(19632645, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel! Gerne mache ich wieder Urlaub dort...   showReview(19632644, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(19632640, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>M枚chte wieder hin   showReview(19632629, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Au脽ergew枚hnlich, interessantes Ambiente, aber Irrwege zu den Zimmern   showReview(19632637, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Architektur (Jugendstil) und Lage super!   showReview(19632636, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Hotel,Super Essen (4 G盲nge-Menue)   showReview(19632634, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen!!! Ein Grand Hotel ohne den 眉blichen trutschig-miefigen Grand-Hotel-Charakter!   showReview(18526250, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel hotel   showReview(18526247, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>confort et situation id茅ale pour visiter   showReview(18526246, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe h么tel !   showReview(18526249, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(18526248, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 et tr猫s calme   showReview(18526244, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehmes Stadthotel in Amsterdam   showReview(18526245, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel, Service nicht so toll   showReview(18526243, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A bit spooky   showReview(18526242, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'un des meilleurs h么tels d'Amsterdam   showReview(17435874, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mriau
<Content>Excellent   showReview(17051259, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(17435860, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un Palace en plein centre d'Amsterdam ( pas besoin de voiture)   showReview(17435859, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Besser geht's nicht!   showReview(17435858, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel 脿 l'architecture originale   showReview(16588221, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel 脿 recommander   showReview(16588218, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe chambre   showReview(16588219, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon albergo ottima posizione centrale   showReview(16588200, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(16588216, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Jugendstilhotel im Herzen von A'dam   showReview(16588198, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pasiphae11
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel extr猫mement confortable - Niveau 4 茅toiles fran莽ais       hotel exterieur  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Keine F眉nf-Sterne-Unterkunft, aber wirklich sehr sch枚n   showReview(16588197, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(16588196, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>namasteparis
<Content>Hotel calme, feutr茅, luxueux...et mal organis茅   showReview(15740240, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bel hotel.   showReview(16588203, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'ai ador茅!!!!   showReview(16588202, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un ottimo hotel   showReview(16588217, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(16588201, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel parfait pour d茅tente compl猫te   showReview(15566716, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien sauf le petit d茅jeuner   showReview(15566714, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel au centre d'Amsterdam   showReview(15566713, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wirklich sehr sch枚n und komfortabel   showReview(15566712, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r 5-Sterne nicht sauber genug   showReview(15566711, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>JE VEUX Y RETOURNER   showReview(14726052, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bende01
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(14303674, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>genial tr猫s propre chambre tr猫s belle !!!   showReview(14726051, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rundum gl眉cklich   showReview(14726050, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un voyage de noces inoubliable   showReview(14726049, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bel Hotel a Amsterdam   showReview(13975756, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel, plein de charme   showReview(13975757, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>prestations a la hauteur d'un 5 etoiles   showReview(13975755, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bel hotel   showReview(13975754, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons volontiers lors d'un prochain s茅jour   showReview(13196429, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Surprenant   showReview(13196428, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>emmanuelisaia
<Content>G茅nial   showReview(12602805, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un top h么tel bien plac茅 avec une super piscine   showReview(13196424, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>parfait   showReview(13196418, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>GRAND HOTEL   showReview(13196416, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel le plus luxueux d'Amsterdam   showReview(13196415, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>LE TOP !!!!! LA CLASSE !!!!!   showReview(13196417, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fab007
<Content>Bourr茅 de cachet !   showReview(12207046, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NellyParis
<Content>H么tel luxueux   showReview(12033329, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(11301577, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr angenehmer Aufenthalt   showReview(11301575, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Confort et calme, nous y retournerons !   showReview(11301576, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le Chateau de Batman   showReview(11301574, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(11447347, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

