<Author>rajesh784
<Content>Very Bad Hotel (Not recommended) Very Bad Hotel (Not recommended)I strongly do not recommend this hotel. This hotel is not worth the price. When you go for reservation, they will promise you the lot of things (so that you checkin) that they do not deliver. In general, they promise you the following:1. Unlimited drop to the market through car (But they always have some excuse that traffic jam is there in market, so car cannot come OR it will take 45 minutes for the car to come whereas you can walk in 20 minutes. We stayed for three days and this chap never provided with any car. They always had a new excuse ready)2. They will try to get you into package deal like 7500 for stay, food and traveling. This way you end up pay more (approx 2000 rupees per day) as for the sight seeing for 3 days you can get the car dedicated for yourself. This hotel staff will put 3 couples in one car, so you go out and in as per their timings and rules. Do not go for the package deal with this hotel. It would turn out to be very expensive. For only stay (without food / touring) hotel is good.3. They will tell you that your breakfast would be served in room and they will never serve you there. When you will call the room service, they will keep on saying that waiter has gone to your room and he will be there in another 5 minutes, but waiter will never turn up.4. Also for dinner, you need to reach the restaurant precisely at 8:30 PM or there would be no seating available and in next lot, the food would have gone cold that of course one does not enjoy.5. Never ever book any bus from this hotel. They will tell you about excellent bus and will provide the most cheap and dirty bus in the town. They charged us for super deluxe bus and provided the bus in which seats were broken. There were no shockers in the bus and some people (drunk) were lying in the passage of the bus. It was nightmare traveling from manali to Delhi. For your information, MUKUL BUS SERVICE is the third class bus service. They charge you high and provide the low quality, dirty buses.Summary: Use this hotel just for stay. Avoid booking for bus, touring, food, taxi, cars etc. from this hotel. Managers are not at all helpful. They are best at giving you different explanations all the time and even ignore you some times.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>sophiezo
<Content>Mixed Bag The single room was the size of a cell. It was fine for one person who was mostly there to sleep and it was fairly quiet. The room and bathroom were clean. I wondered who designed the small bathroom sink because you couldn't do anything without splashing water onto the floor.The infamous guy at the front desk was unpleasant, though the woman who works there is lovely. He barked at me when I came down late for breakfast when I forgot about the time change. However, he smiled at me when I checked out.The breakfast is typical Dutch fare and is nicely laid out in a dining area that looks out onto a garden. Aside from that, there is no communal area that one can feel welcome to linger in. The reception area closes early in the evening and guests are given access to a side entrance.As a solo female traveler, I have one big gripe. There was a maintenance employee who became too friendly and then started coming on to me. (The staff comes to clean at 9:00, so don't think you'll sleep in.) This was difficult to deal with, especially when I was battling jet lag. Just because a woman's traveling solo doesn't make her sexual prey. I now regret that I didn't make a complaint. I wonder if anything would have been done.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	2	1	1	

<Author>MemphisWanderlust
<Content>Jupiter Hotel is Good to me       bathroom of suite  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>airlinestaff
<Content>The Goods and the Bads... LOCATION: The location is fantastic. I was worried we would too far from the Center of town, but acutally the hotel is in Liedseplien area, which is the happening area of Amsterdam. Lots of restaurants, bars, tons of shopping, museums, and the canal bus.We took a bus directly from the airport and it was just a five minute walk from the bus stop. Futhermore, even though it was close to town, it was also very quiet.RoomsIt was just me and my husband, but we booked late so the only thing open was a quad. It would be a great deal for 4 people. Yes, the rooms are small, but I think it's a typical style European hotel. It was very clean and bright. We got fresh towels everyday and a bar of soap and packet of shampoo. My husband was able to use his laptop from the room. And I was suprised that there were lots of English langauge chanels on TV.BreakfastBreakfast was wonderful! It's so nice to go downstairs to the breakfast room, have a nice peaceful breakfast, then go back to your room and then get ready for the day. We didn't have to mess with finding a restuarant to eat, or paying the bill or waiting for a waiter. It is one of the nicest features of this hotel. The food is simple, yet filling and fresh.ServiceIt's a family run hotel. Some might think the innkeeper is cold, but I think that's just the culture. He's not bubbly, but he helped us with anything we asked for. If he didn't know, he researched it for us, and got back to us later.My husband is planning on going back this winter, and will for sure be staying at the Jupiter.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>wildrovercheshire
<Content>Counting the days to leave. When I arrived the owner denied being himself. I was left to find the room myself. I wish I hadnt it was half the size of a prison cell and the ensuite bathroom stank of urine.. I tried to chat in a friendly manner to the reception but got a cold stonewall attitude of negativity and indifference. Breakfast was standard Dutch fare and was fine... When I asked for some orange juice the man said there was plenty of water in my room.... I was counting the days to leave the place.. No recreatianal room for guests to mingle for this reason I will never stay there again... I abhorred the whole caboodle and felt ripped off. That place was a vaccum cleaner ie, It ......  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>LizzieBrown
<Content>suitable for young backpackers The rooms are extremely small - not always possible to walk aournd the bed/s and the rooms without ensuite facilities reminded me of a youth hostel or backpackers place. Nothing is really maintained (our shower was blocked, furniture broken) and there are not enough tables in reception for breakfast so you have to queue up. It is very basic accommodation. There is nowhere to sit apart from your tiny bedroom and reception is looked at 8pm. The memory is of the rude manager who obviously hates his job and has little time for those who have paid to stay.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>jaykay2211
<Content>Abysmal Experience I normally would not write a review with a mediocre experience but this was hands down the worst hotel experience I've ever had. The staff was not only unpleasant but literaly robbed me when I left to catch a flight. The manager of the hotel grabbed my arm and snatched a handful of Euros out of my hand (50 E in total) and told me that my entering the building is a threat and that all hotels in amsterdam charge tenants-like-me[you] extra. This was absurd. I am a non-smoker, 5'8 asian american college grad travelling on a budget but he knew i had no time to argue and chuckled when I threatened to call the police. This ruined my experience in this city, hopefully you won't make the same mistake.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dobski
<Content>Quiet location My husband and I stayed at this hotel for just the 1 night-new years eve. It was in a lovely location-when we finally found it that is! Bedroom was quite small but very clean. Walls were very thin and everything could be heard from next room.Breakfast was good, cereal, breads,eggs, meats, cheese, fruit, salad, juices and hot drinks.We spent tne night in damn square and it was so loud but when we got back to the hotel, it was very quiet and beds were very soft and comfortable-they were that soft my husband roled off his onto the floor! (nothing to do with the alcohol consumed of course)!The location was great for the museums and park.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>SinyeeKoh
<Content>Surly reception  Booked this at Schipol airport through the Tourist Info Office. Pros: cheap (79 Euros), good location near Leidseplein  Muzeumplein, ok Continental breakfast (same every day though). Cons: small / poky room (ensuite bathroom door could not be fully closed or locked), no one manning telephone lines means friends can't call you in the room and surliest reception I've never seen (absolutely no smile from the guy).  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>FloridaTraveler2424
<Content>unfriendly and lied about the internet When I booked the hotel, the website said that the hotel has Internet. This was not the case when I got there. My husband was furious because he had to do some business while on our honeymoon. The staff was not helpful and would not let us cancel our reservation to stay at another hotel that did have Internet. Other than that it was a good value for the room.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>KathrynLynn
<Content>Good price - nice location We stayed at this hotel in February 2007, and the prices were really great. We payed 89 euros for a triple the first night (w/ 3 people), and 65 euros for a double the second night (w/ 2 people). I give this hotel 4 out of 5 BASED ON THE PRICE. It wasn't the most fantastic experience, but for the price it was definitely better than expected. LOCATIONThe location is very handy - you can walk to the museum district and there are loads of restaurants within a few minutes walk, and the neighborhood feels safe. The central station was about a 10 minute tram ride away. COMFORTThe first night when we were in the triple room, the bed was pretty comfortable for a hotel bed. The second night, the bed was ridiculous, like a half-deflated airbed. So it will depend if you are lucky or not how comfy your bed is.The first night in the triple our bathroom and shower were very cramped. The bathroom in the double was much better, still small, but you could move in there.The walls of this hotel are pretty thin. if you are a light sleeper, bring ear plugs!EXTRAS + STAFFThe staff were helpful, but not the most social sort, especially for amsterdam where people tend to be so friendly. They loaned me a hairdryer each morning, which was handy. The breakfast was very basic but decent - an assortment of cereals, some bread, cheese, jam, coffee, tea, orange juice. There is a computer down there off the lobby where you can use internet for free. Overall, the hotel seemed clean enough, the people nice enough, and the comfort tolerable enough for a weekend visit - plus the price was really incredible. If we go again, we'll probably try and check out some BBs earlier (they were all booked when we went), but I thought this place was pretty decent and would definitely consider it again when looking around.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NewZealand-7
<Content>We enjoyed our stay We had 2 nights here in January. Good location (on a main tramline), friendly staff - and other guests - small comfortable room. We thought it was good value for money in this location. The only negative is we think the bathroom needed a good clean - the toilet floor had a smell!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sanz
<Content>Great location I'm a solo, female Australian traveller, aged 51. I found the Jupiter Hotel to be excellent value for money. It is located within walking distance from all the major tourist attractions but if you feel like catching a boat or tram instead, they're also available nearby. Great food is available at the pub/cafe literally around the corner, but it's only a short walk to all the English-speaking eateries on the other side of one of the main canals.Although the hotel rooms are very small, the beds are comfortable and the linen is clean. The showers are hot and the towels are replaced daily. Take your own soap, though, as it is not provided. The continental breakfast is substantial and they even have a toaster (a luxury in many budget European hotels!).There is a tiny elevator to save you from having to climb those steep Amsterdam-style stairs (an absolutely impossible feat with a suitcase) if you're not young or physically fit. The managers speak perfect English (and various other languages) and you only need ask for help and they will provide whatever is possible.This is a strictly non-smoking hotel throughout, but the managers have thoughtfully provided a lovely little seat near the front door of the hotel from where smokers can admire the quaint little garden!Overall, this place is very good value for money: a little gem of a place to stay in a quite expensive but very interesting city.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>dlspellman
<Content>Family Friendly  We (an American family of four with an 11 and 13 year old) just returned from 3 nights at the Jupiter Hotel in Amsterdam and it was just what we were looking for! A simple, clean, safe, family friendly hotelA quad room with a private bathA great breakfast to start our days offA great location, central to our sight-seeingAnd a fair price..... we paid 149 Euros per nightI just read through all the other reviews and I would say most are spot on.... Here are a few comments in response to some of the negatives written in other reviews from our perspective.CLEANLINESS - My biggest concern is always cleanliness - and this hotel was quite clean. Yes, there were a couple of small rips in the corner of sheets or pillowcases - but no big deal. The beds were comfortable with good pillows and duvets and the bedding and towels were fresh and clean smelling. Our bathroom did look to have some mold on the walls above the shower, but when I rubbed those areas, it was clear they were old stains and nothing came off. I also took a peak into the common bathrooms in the hall - they were spotless. In my opinion, the overall sense was definitely one of cleanliness and orderliness at the Jupiter. SIZE OF ROOMS - Similar to many small, independent 2* European hotels.The bathroom was quite small - shower, sink and toilet all in a row in 3' wide by 8' long closet. When you opened the door to the bathroom, the sink was straight ahead with shower and toilet on either sides. Two people could not be in the bath at the same time. Even with four, we managed.The rooms are on the smaller size, but certainly not terrible. We had an average sized quad room - with a double bed and two twin beds that came down out of wall cabinets. When all four beds were down it was a bit tricky, but survivable. Our room looked out over the back courtyard. There was no noise what so ever and we slept soundly. Finally, yes the stairs were pretty steep - but very typical of row homes in Amsterdam. Luckily, this hotel does supposedly have a lift. We didn't use it, so I can't comment further on it. OWNERS/STAFF - The owners/receptionists were a bit aloof -- but they certainly were never rude. And when asked specific questions for help, they were quite helpful. Having worked professionally with many Dutch people, this is consistent with the demeanor of many Dutch and should not be taken personally. Once you get to know them, they are wonderful, friendly, genuine people - just a bit aloof at first.BREAKFAST - This European Breakfast was one of the best I've had in my many travels around Europe in 2* hotels. Coffee, tea, milk, apple juice, orange juice, boiled eggs, three kinds of meats/cold cuts, cheese, cucumbers and tomato slices, several types of breads, jams, butter, cheese spreads, chocolate spreads, four kinds of cold cereals, fruit cocktail type fruit and whole apples. It was all you could eat. I'm not sure how one can complain - there was lots of protein, two sources of fruits, plus two fruit juices, a nice selection of breads and cereals for grains and a full beverage selection. Breakfast was from 7:30 to 9:30am, unfortunately, and as with our family, everyone in the hotel seems to wait until 9am to go to breakfast - so it was a bit jammed in the room of 5 tables of 4 (20 people) for a 12 room hotel....But, it was never a huge inconvenience, guests made do. And on our last day we just went down at 8:30 and missed the whole rush all together!LOCATION - Perfect! Central to many sights and/or to the trams/busses to further sights and yet on a very nice quiet street away from the noise. The neighborhood felt very safe and we were never fearful walking after dark with our children to go out for ice cream near the Leidsplein. PRICE - One of the cheapest quads with a private bath that I found (other than hostels) at 149 Euros per night. Most were closer to 200 Euros. And I am always appreciative when there are no hidden taxes, service charges, fees, etc. upon arrival - which there were not. One tip - they only take Euros - no credit cards. FYI - They have their own website, so we were able to book directly with the hotel  they were very quick to respond. All in all - a great place for the price, just be a bit realistic and adaptable..... we would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Brilliantine
<Content>Great beds! Great bathroom! Great breakfast! We stayed one night at the Jupiter Hotel in October 2006 and we really liked it and felt we had picked the best hotel for our needs/budget. The location was great. There's a sign to it on the main road, which would've been handy if we'd seen it, but we arrived after dark. It's in a leafy quiet street only 5 minutes walk from the Leidesplein, a busy square full of tables and chairs and surrounded by cafes, restaurants and bars. It's also close to the trams, and a 5-10 minute walk from the Van Gogh museum. We walked to the Anne Frank House too which - if we hadn't stopped for shops, beers, lunch, a walk round the park, sun-basking and to take silly photos, would have been about a 30 minute walk, the other side of the city centre. The room was nice. Although small, it was clean, tidy, the tv worked, and the beds were possibly THE most comfortable I have ever slept in! The street was nice and quiet at night, even with the window open. The en suite bathroom was bright and spotless and looked absolutely brand new! Superb. Hair-dryer included. It had a shower, loo, basin  2 towels per person. If I stayed there again I think I'd opt for a shared bathroom. We saw it across the hall and it was exactly the same as the en suite. I guess our room would have been a lot bigger without the bathroom and it would've saved a few pounds. We used both anyway to save time...The breakfast was really excellent - as much as you can eat, from different cereals, breads/toast, spreads, cheeses, boiled eggs, cold meats, juice, tea, coffee, fruit... and the restaurant was beautifully presented, with fresh flowers on all the tables. Brekky is 7.30-9.30.The lift is apparently new - and very small. If you are claustrophobic take the stairs!My only grumbles would be that the staff didn't seem too happy. I don't think either of them smiled the whole time we were there (although that might be because we woke them up at 2am when we couldn't get the key to work in the outside door! We were trying the wrong door...). Also, we thought there would be lockers to put our bags in after we checked out until we we'd had to go for our flight, but the only option was to leave them in reception with the owner keeping an eye on them... They were fine, however. Last grumble, no tea  coffee-making facilities in the rooms. I know this isn't important when it's free downstairs, but it's nice to have one while to you get ready! Overall, I'd stay there again. Although there are many cheaper places, we felt this was good value for money, in terms of location and facilities. We paid about 90 euros between us for a twin en suite room, including breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geo54
<Content>Not the best I would not book with this hotel in the future. Some things you should know about the place. The location is fine. Not ideal but okay to get around. The stairs are incredibly steep but I hear that is what to expect in Amsterdam. What I really did not like was that the reception only stays open until 9-10pm. Therefore, after that time there is no one at the front desk to help you. You cannot get any phone calls to your room after 9pm as well. So if you need any sort of assistance after 10pm you are out of luck!! As well, in the morning the cleaning staff are knocking at the door, trying to get in at 9am. That is too early in my opinion for staying in Amsterdam!! The room is too small but the private bathroom is okay. The sink is too small to wash your face in since you will get water everywhere. Was not able to enjoy the breakfast since it was only served from 7-9am. The front desk staff were not very approachable. They would help briefly but it did not seem as though they really wanted to help. I would say there are much better places to stay in while visiting Amsterdam. Choose another hotel!!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>galsolo
<Content>Perfect for my stay Jupiter Hotel was a perfect home base for my 3-day stay in Amsterdam. Located on a quiet street, it was within easy walking distance of Leidseplein (tram stop loaded with cafes, bars and restaurants), Vondelpark, and the museum square. My single room was quite small, but that's to be expected in a 2-star hotel in Europe. The bathroom was a good size with a great shower. As for the breakfast, there were boiled eggs, meats, cheeses, fruit, mini-croissants, cereal, and a few types of bread (including multi-grain) - hardly a disappointment in my opinion. I found the owners to be helpful and appreciated the internet access in the lobby. I would definitely consider Hotel Jupiter for a future trip to Amsterdam - had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rather expensive for poor standard Pros: -Great location near Leidseplein. Tram-, Busstation arround the corner.-Pet friendly-Elevator-Quiet street, good situated inhabitants arround.-Tapas bar and italian restaurant near by. Supermarkets, etc. just arround the corner-Vondelpark at 300m distanceCons:-Lousy breakfast: No wholemeal bread or cereals, industrial marmelade, cheese and cold cuts. No organic products. Sugar and fat en masse. No variety, every day the same junk food (for a room price of 94 鈧?!!) Poor start for an exausting tourist day in amsterdam. - Very hot under the roof (eg. 28掳C outside, 40 掳C inside !!!), no air outlet and no door handle or lock in the bathroom. Window defective, couldn麓t be closed.- Lazy and slow room cleaning service.- Unfriendly hotelier, (rest of the staff was nice).- No smoking- Poor safety, backdoor left open several times, no safety locks for hotel rooms.- Expensive, concerning the poor standard. True Amsterdamertjes who offer little and demand a lot only for living in a popular city. In Germany you would have payed half the price for a higher standard even in the capital.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>False Accusation at Hotel Jupiter My boyfirend and I stayed at this hotel in May 06, it was a good situation for anyone who would like to be by Leidesplein, or the art museums. The rooms and bathroom were very clean and hotel cleaners very friendly. Unfortunately, the manager was rather unfriendly and rude. While checking out, we were accused of 'destroying' the hair dryer and the manager implied we were going to have to pay for damages. Neither my boyfriend nor I used the hairdryer and are respectful of other's property so were very offended by this accusation. However, when returning to pick up our luggage, nothing was mentioned about the hairdryer and no apology was given for the way in which we were spoken to. However impressed I was by the building, situation and rooms, this incident over-rided the good aspects of staying at Hotel Jupiter.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>they even found us a place to park our SUV Alex and Ima were perfect hosts. breakfast was great. out of all the places we stayed in Europe the Jupiter was the best. This hotel has been gone through with new everything from the beautiful flower arrangements that Ima arranges daily to the showers to the drywall and the new elevator. great location to the Centrum area and transportation. beds were very good air conditioning too. Hope to go back to Amsterdam and stay here again.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheJandals
<Content>I would not recommend this hotel to anyone Did the other reviewers actually stay at the same hotel that I did? The only good thing I can about the hotel is its location as it is really close to the Leidseplein. The shared facilities were filthy when we got there. It did not look as though the toilet (or the floor) had been cleaned for a month. The facilities were not cleaned until 3 days after we got there. It was disgusting. Staff were rude to us when we complained so we left a night early and they refused to give us a refund for our last night. We would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>caitlinette
<Content>Clean and Quiet       Our messy room!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rayeds
<Content>Great little Hotel I researched quite a few hotels in Amsterdam before booking the Jupiter and seeing the positive comments on this website helped with that. I was looking for a Hotel in a quiet location and also a reasonable price.The room was clean and tidy and we also had a shower / toilet which was a good size and very clean with nice tiling around the walls. Great breakfast with a wide choice and you can help yourself to as much as you want.The Hotel is located on a quiet street and there was no street noise at night or in the morning (and we had a room at the front of the Hotel).Within easy walk of the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Vondelpark and on the first morning we walked from the Hotel down Leidseplein and on to Dam Square and around Amsterdam. I would have no problem staying at the Hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cozy nice We stayed at the Jupiter Hotel for three nights in Feb 2006. I was really surprised about that little family enterprise. Our room was clean, cozy and as it faced the backside of the house it was very quite, too. Especially liked the bright, shiny bathroom and ofcourse the soft and cozy bed. I slept in it really like a stone !! May be not the right thing for people who got serious problems with their backs. Only thing to critisize perhaps is: the window didn麓t stay opened without putting a chunk of wood in it (but may be normal in the netherlands) and ofcourse the stairs...! People comin home late from bars or clubs or those havin acrophobia: Better take the elevator!!!!! Steepest thing ever seen!The geographic position of the hotel is perfect if you want to explore the city on your own. It麓s situated right at the edge of the ancient Amsterdam city-core with all its canals. So it takes you 麓bout 2 minutes by foot to reach the ferry-boat levy from where u can go to almost every point of the city by smooth boattrip (really recommended) ;-)To the Leidseplein with all the bars and restaurants it麓s another 2 minutes walking. Hotel can be reached easily in 15 minutes by tram from Centraal-Station (take the line #1 till Leidseplein)Breakfast-time was from 8.00 till 10.30 I think, which can be very early if you stayed out late the eve before. (see above: - the cozy-bed-thing) But the offer really recoups for your efforts in the end: There麓s coffee, tea, juices, milk 3 or 4 kinds of toast, croissants, different kinds of jam, cold cuts, cheese (- ofcourse in the Netherlands ;-)), cerials and eggs. Last thing for people who are interested in: It麓s not allowed to smoke weed in the Jupiter Hotel (whereas I麓m still, according to the signs, not sure if they really meant canabis or rather maple leaf :-))Bottom line: Nice, cozy at least 2,5* Hotel I would say. Definately worth its price. Would recommend it and also would go there a second time.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>jupiter-just the ticket!! just got back from 3 night stay at the jupiter. wasnt sure what to expect as it only had 2 star rating. we found the hotel clean, comfortable and friendly service. we had a ground floor room and we understand the hotel is undergoing some refurbs! but our view was of a builders yard!! however the double room was quite spacious, had a lovely clean new bathroom. the hotel offered a nice filling breakfast of cheese, cold meats, cereal, rolls- the lot basically! the best thing about the jupiter was the location, just a short walk to the leidesplein, museums and round the corner from the vondelpark. i would recomend this hotel- its cheap but friendly, clean and in a great location. dont be put off by the 2 star rating!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place to explore the city! i stayed at the jupiter in nov 03 and i am planning a trip back to amsterdam in nov 04, and will be staying at the same hotel. I found the hotel to be a great base for exploring the city, and although the bathroom was a little small, the bedroom was huge! Only a 5 min walk and youre in the leidesplein where you can catch a tram to virtually anywhere in the city, or you can stay in the area and check out the bars, restaurants and coffee houses in the area. I give it a huge thumbs up and urge you to give it a try..its not the hilton but who needs the hilton when you have weed???  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, clean  I travel a lot, and like affordable, clean hotels that offer me what I need, instead of making me pay for what I do not use. This hotel offers bed and breakfast, and is in the center of all attractions in Amsterdam. Yes, it is NOT in the HISTORICAL center of Amsterdam, but the major outgoing areas, the musea and concert hall, and all that I like a city for, are within walking distance. Despite of what I just read in another review, This hotel DOES have an elevator. I had a clean room, nice bed and a very complete European breakfast (buffet). Cerials, milk, oj, coffe, tea, 3 or 4 kinds of meat, cheese, sweet stuff, different kinds of bread, eggs etc.. Yep, NOT an American breakfast , but we're in this IS Europe. It is ran and owned by a family, and I really enjoyed their hospiltality and my stay. The stairs are steep, but that is normal in all original buildings in Amsterdam. And the rooms are not too big, but not too small eather. Good value for money. I do definetely recommend this. Ulli  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant stay -- far better than a hostel and about the same price! I just returned home from a five-night stay at the Jupiter, staying in a triple room with two other friends, and we had a wonderful time... I think that visitors have to go in knowing that this is a two-star hotel (i.e. no room service, etc. essentially a clean, comfortable place to stay) to be able to enjoy the amenities the hotel has to offer. The hotel is fairly small, and taken care of by an accordingly small though very kind and accomodating staff. Not sure how many floors there are in the place, maybe three or four including the ground floor, but there are about three rooms per floor. Our triple room was about 15-17 m2 containing two single beds and a queen, so it comfortably accomodated three people, and could do four if the queen is shared. The room had the essential private bathroom, television (which in Amsterdam means all kinds of international stations, though it might have been cable, I'm not sure...) closet, mirror, table and chairs, and a safe. Not the Ritz by far, but very comfortable, cozy, and clean. The bathroom is according fairly standard and small, equipped with complimentary soap and towels and things, and the shower (at least in our room) is very much integrated into the bathroom meaning that there is no curtain. Just have to make sure you don't point the removable showerhead everywhere in order to keep the rest of the bathroom dry. The stairs in the place are indeed very steep, though by what I could tell from the rest of Amsterdam, it's not all that rare and is a space-saving mechanism. So I would probably not advise this particular hotel to anyone who might have physical difficulties or disabilities, or who otherwise might have problems traversing steep stairs. A sit-down buffet breakfast is included in the room price, and again it's not a five-star meal, but it's complete and free! (well, included...) Coffee, teas, juices, cereals, bread and cold cuts, etc. Quite nice... Geography-wise, it's not in the center of the city, so it does take a little walking, but Amsterdam is relatively very dense so traveling (either by walking or taking the trams and buses) from the hotel to nearly any other point in Amsterdam is quite easy. In fact, it's sort of the best of both worlds in that it's in a quite residential street, but walking distance to more commercial areas. And it's about a 20-25 minute tram ride from Central Station. What I really enjoyed about the hotel is that my friends and I were originally planning on staying in a hostel, and in the end when we divided the price of our triple room, it ended up being about the same price per person as a hostel would have been, and we had tons more at our disposible than we ever would have had in a hostel (private bathroom, private ROOM, breakfast included, towels, general cleanliness, etc.) So in all, we had a great stay -- definitely recommended!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok at the Jupiter I stayed at this hotel in late October for two nights. I stayed with two other people in a triple room. Its OK. Just OK. The free breakfast is not enough for what Americans are used to. The bathroom was small enough to be an airplane bathroom. The little bed I slept in was clean, no flea bites. There is no elevator and the stairs are hard to navigate when stoned/drunk. Overall I might stay there again, but I'd like to shop around first. I give this hotel 4 out of 10.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lanrei
<Content>L'amour contrari茅   showReview(19585655, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	1	3	

<Author>ariadna79
<Content>Estupidez en grado maximo   showReview(13826810, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	-1	3	3	

<Author>Pukos
<Content>Ottima soluzione economica.   showReview(7177624, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	2	

