<Author>dizzygirl123
<Content>Nice if you are travelling on business; tourists can find better value elsewhere I stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing about a year ago and thought it was nice, although not spectacular. The lobby is filled with glamourous types - both Chinese and foreign - wearing high heels, shorts skirts and power suits. Definitely not a backpacker hotel ;) I had one of the smaller rooms at the hotel which was cramped even by budget standards, some of my colleagues were raving about their spacious rooms though, so I guess I was just unlucky, but you should be aware that sizes vary a lot. Even though I was on a high floor I did not have much of a view because of the way the windows are constructed.I have mixed feelings about the service. I asked for an ironing board and iron on my first night and had to wait about half an hour for it to appear - not what I would have expected from a hotel of this calibre. On the other hand - I was travelling with my boss and he forgot his favourite suit in the closet. He called the hotel from the airport and they sent it on to Dubai for him, he was wearing it again within days ;) I guess that is pretty good service.The breakfast here is much better than at Raffles next door and highly recommended. The atmosphere is much less luxurious and plush than that of Raffles - but it is also less stuffy!The location is fantastic and the Grand Hyatt lies in the middle of Beijing's premier office and retail complex, which is very convenient if you are there on business - this is the main selling point of the Grand Hyatt. It is also very close to the forbidden city, tianenmen square and various night markets.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>RobertoChile
<Content>Beautiful hotel in a great location Beautiful hotel in a great location, close to the Forbiden City and Tiannamen square, as well as the shopping district of Wangfuyin.The hotel itself is connected to a big shopping center Oriental Plaza.Huge lobby, wonderful indoor swimming pool (one of the best that I never seen). Deluxe room are normal in size, but very warm furnished. Good restaurant, business facilities, and friendly staff.The restaurants are quite expensive for Beijing  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>007DAWG
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, great location A very nice Hyatt, probably one of the best I have ever visited. The Pool/workout area is amazing, and the morning breakfast that was part of my package was very good. Nice to be attached to a big mall with a food court for some low cost food options. Walking distance to Forbidden city and very close to other attractions. The bed was as hard as a rock, but I understand that is pretty much par for the course in China. Staff was friendly and helpful and for the most part, spoke enough english to be effective. Overall a solid choice.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kcarrow
<Content>Lived up to my expectations I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a week in early November on a business trip. I enjoyed the hotel a great deal and would most definitely stay here again. The indoor pool is amazing and I managed to swim laps in it every morning after working out in the gym next to it. It was not crowded and very well maintained. I walked into the area where the pool is once with my shoes on and was quickly told I had to remove them. Emphasis on cleanliness. The pool has two hot tubs and one waterfall. They spared no expense on this pool.They have a very nice gym with all the equipment you would expect to see. It is well maintained and the equipment is new. They have an attendant who passes out towels and water to you when you walk in. There are TV screens on alot of the equipment along with headsets. I had a room on the club level which has larger rooms along with the club area access for drinks/snacks at night and breakfast in the morning. This was very nice and I looked forward to starting and ending my day there. They do tend to charge a high premium for club access but if you have more than one person in the room, it is worth it. You also get access to a business area where you can relax without the crowds.The lobby area is nice and it has an area for drinks and food that overlooks the very large and beautiful fountain outside.I liked that the hotel is located next to the large indoor mall. It is also easy walking distance to Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City. Everything else is a taxi ride away but taxis are very cheap in Beijing. Only complaint was that the restaurant on the second floor is very expensive. Thank goodness I was on a business trip so it wasn't me paying. I got a beer with dinner and a bottled water. Both the water and the beer ended up costing almost $10 each. Orange juice for breakfast is also close to $10.The concierge was very helpful in writing down in Mandarin the places I wanted the taxi driver to take me. They also arranged a trip to the Great Wall at Mutanyou that was a lot of fun. The moon bar didn't really strike me as anything too exciting as others have mentioned. It was an ok time though.The front desk personnel were always helpful and friendly when asking for directions, advice, exchanging money or whatever I needed their help with. There was never a problem getting a taxi in front of the hotel either as I used it often. Overall it is a great hotel, great experience, and I will be back!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>allanng2004
<Content>My favourite hotel in Beijing I've been traveling to Beijing several times a year for many years, and in the last few years I always stay at the Grand Hyatt. I was there just about a month ago, and again it was fantastic as usual. The best thing there is the indoor swimming pool. It is almost 50 meters long, and is decorated like a tropical forest, with stars all over the ceiling. There is also a waterfall on a platform, where you can lie down and get a water massage. The next best thing is the buffet breakfast at the cafe on the second floor -- there are numerou selections, and you can get your food directly from the cooks preparing everything right behind the counters. Another thing I like is the Red Moon bar right behind the lobby. It is a bar with live music almost every night by an all-girls band who play Chinese and Western pop music. It also serves great Japanese food. For those who love it, therea cigar room inside the bar.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jono_UK
<Content>Expensive but nice Very expensive hotel, even by Beijing standards. A slight bad taste in the mouth about room rate. I had booked a rate on the internet. When I checked in I asked if this was still the best rate for the room and I was told yes. I went to my room, got the (expensive) internet fired up, and found that the rate had actually gone down since my booking. To be fair I went down to reception and they adjusted my rate immediately, but I was annoyed at having to do this.Otherwise an excellent hotel. Breakfast is especially nice. Very central location, good for business, site seeing (very close to metro), shopping, restaurants.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MikeLisaAnna
<Content>Great location and a really great indoor pool The Grand Hyatt is the most conveniently located of the 5-star hotels in Beijing. It is a 10-minute taxi ride from Tiananmen Square, a 10-minute walk from Wangfujing (Beijing's main pedestrian shopping street), and right next door to Oriental Plaza, Beijing's largest indoor shopping mall.The hotels rooms are nice, but not exceptional. They were clean and modern, and had good large bathrooms. What makes the hotel special are it common areas, especially its large indoor swimming pool, which is one of the best in the world (we are not kidding!). The pool area is decorated like a tropical paradise, with simulated twinkling stars overhead. Adjacent to the pool is a spa and health club complex. The hotel's lobby is full of marble and has a pleasant seating area where you can enjoy a drink or snack. The front desk is friendly and efficient, and there is a helpful concierge desk. Enough staff members spoke English that we had no language problems. In addition, the hotel has a large full-service business center, which was user-friendly.There are a number of good restaurants in the hotel, although they are not cheap. If you want something more casual, there is a wide range of restaurants in the Oriental Plaza mall next door. The breakfast buffet at the Hyatt was excellent, with a good selection of hot and cold Asian and Western foods. Overall, we very much enjoyed our stay at the Grand Hyatt and definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelbourneFlyaway
<Content>Hyatt, high prices, low everything else My husband and daughter had stayed here in July and while not overally impressed, felt the hotel's location a major plus. My husband and I have just returned from a 10 day visit staying at the Hyatt and visiting our daughter who now studies in Beijing, and feel the property is overrated and overpriced.The rooms are small, we had a 2 bedroomed suite but found we were constantly bumping into each other. One side of the bed was so close to the wardrobe, it necessitated a shuffle to access.The food, especially breakfast was very average. Service ranged between indiferent to rude. Simple staples such as orange juice or coffee were returned to the kitchen. The good news is that there is a cafe called Zoe's next door to the hotel with great food, service and reasonably priced.There were no special touches in servicing the rooms. Ironing board and iron were left up for 6 days. The room was not cleaned properly and 3 requests for a morning newspaper bought no results. The taxi queue outside the hotel entrance is used by the Oriental Mall shoppers and one night we waited 30 minutes in a long queue until we gave up and hailed one immediately outside the property. There are good hotels in Beijing, and you can do better than stay at this one.,  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Aussie_Family_of_4
<Content>Great Family Hotel We stayed here for three nights in a 2 bed apartment.It was ideal for our family.The facilities and staff exceeded 5 star expectations.The resort pool in particular was a big bonus after dragging the kids through the tourist sites.Concierge was helpful and the location terrific.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ibcybermon
<Content>You pay for what you get If you are looking for a great hotel in the heart of the city, look no further. This hotel has great service, good resturants, very helpful staff and the rooms are top shelf. Their prices are not for the budget traveler or even those that are trying to watch their spending while traveling. The location is right above one of the more upscale malls, the Oriental Plaza Shopping Center. We ate at Made In China resturant and the food was very good. However, you may want to pass on a bottle of wine, typically running about US$90-120, ouch!!!On a side note, you will not be dissatified on the location, so this is worth the extra money. Try a half day bicycle tour with Bicycle Kingdom, which is a great way to see the city and feel like a local.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bespoketravel
<Content>Fantastic place to stay in Beijing The Grand Hyatt is a luxury property in a great location. Rooms are spacious and very modern. The lobby is very happening with a good selection of restaurants. The hotel is in a complex with a very high end mall so it is a good place to be for luxury shopping. The location is superb right by the major sites of Beijing. Can walk to the Forbidden City. The club rooms were worth the extra charge as the club service was great, snacks and drinks all day long and a good place to relax and chat. Very long taxi lines in the evening.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alpha333
<Content>Excellent Hotel! Wonderful hotel in a perfect location. A modern, grand building located over a shopping mall and just a block away from a pedestrianized shopping street (with plenty of malls, stores incl. souvenirs, restaurants, supermarkets, etc) and easy walk from the Forbidden City and other tourist sites. The hotel offers all 5 star comforts, the lobby lounge is very nice with good food and drinks, restaurants are excellent (incl. the japanese and the buffet restaurant we tried) and rooms couldn't be better (stayed in the 2 bedroom suite, which is basically a large 2 bed apartment). Service is good, not perfect but as good as you can get in this area (staff's english could be better but that is a common problem in Chinese hotels).We also stayed in the (more expensive) Four Seasons in Shanghai and the Beijing Grand Hyatt was better on all counts, including rooms and a far better service quality! Definitely recommended. Two tips: Try one of the heavenly smoothies from the breakfast menu (especially blueberry - the best I ever had) and for the more adventurous ones, the street food market nearby selling everything incl. grilled scorpions, silk worms, beetles and other yummies (surprinsingly these ended up being as expensive as restaurant dinners).  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>gringottsgoblin
<Content>Always impressive The Grand Hyatt located on East Chang An Avenue. This is a good hotel, pricey but good. I have stayed here twice at different times of the year, and it was impressive on both occasions. The rooms are huge and scrupulously clean, and have absolutely everything you need.Dont even bring a toothbrush, they do the lot.I ate here three times each in different restauants in the hotel and all the food was good, nice bars, good coffee and a great staff. You can get access to one of the largest and most upmarket shopping malls directly from the hotel. If you wanted you might never need to go outside, which is a consideration given the pollution and frantic traffic that is Beijing.I mentioned that the hotel is pricey and it is a bit pricey but not ridiculously so, but boy you really do get your moneys worth.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gtahir
<Content>Great Location, average room.       living room  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>CDUB212121
<Content>Bronze Medal - Mixed Reviews Durring Our Olympic Stay The BadWe Fedexed our bags over 2 weeks early, because our connecting flight layover was so short. The bags got stuck in Chinese customs and we knew this a week before we got there.Prior to sending them and after we found out they were stuck, we were tried to get assistance from the Hyatt concierge. The concierge, especially the head concierge, Benny Zhao, could not have cared less about our dilemma. I literally spent four hours day on long distance and trying to talk to people who don't speak English and the concierge did nothing but politely laugh about the situation. Benny you got to go! That just is unacceptable, especially with us paying the crazy Olympic rates we paid.The GoodThe pool is really the coolest indoor pool ever, only if it had some slides. I highly recommend getting some reflexology poolside. The bellman that run the taxi stand are very helpful and the separate guest only line really helped. The Rooms and LobbyThe rooms were finished out fine but narrow. The lobby was underwhelming and came off like a convention hotel, but did have ample seating to get a drink. Overall - the lack of effort and concern for our luggage situation left a bad taste in our mouths.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>QuincyKid
<Content>The Best Yet We have just returned from a two week China vacation with my wife, myself, and three - count them THREE, teenaged boys in tow! The Grand Hyatt Beijing was the best place we stayed - by far. We reserved a suite that had two separate bedrooms (great for privacy) and an extra bed (the Chinese hotel term for roll-away). The staff could not have been more professional, the breakfast buffet more unique - in a good way - and the conceige more responsive and knowledgable. The very BEST thing to do is to have the hotel arrange to pick you up from your transpacific flight. The driver met us at the GATE(!), and walked us through customs, all without a hitch. Upon our return to the airport, the hotel had an airport employee meet our van, and take us to the correct ticketing booth. Highest praise all around!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BXG824
<Content>Best hotel in China I have to thank tripadvisor.com for this one... a friend and I planned a side trip to Beijing during a business trip to China in 07. I selected this hotel based on user reviews and it exceeded my expectations. This hotel has everything... a gorgeous lobby, beautiful well appointed rooms, fabulous breakfast and the absolute perfect location to all in Beijing. Walking distance to the Forbidden City and many great restaurants. Go to My Humble House for dinner one night -- nearby the hotel. Food is outstanding and great ambience. The concierge recommended the restaurant and it was a hit! Concierge will arrange a car and tour guide for the great wall -- I highly recommend this. Taking a bus tour is not a great idea - you will really appreciate the one on one attention that the tour guide can offer.Again - amazingly beautiful hotel for a great price.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>expdabest
<Content>The Best Hotel in Beijing This hotel is what every hotel in Beijing--and all of China--should be measured against. The location is perfect, the rooms are comfortable, and the swimming pool is paradise. There was even a wonderful breakfast restaurant in the Oriental Plaza mall called Paris Baguette that provided a relaxing atmosphere to start the morning off right. Every dollar spent at this hotel was well worth it.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dtravelgirl007
<Content>Made the trip even more wonderful! My parents  I went to Beijing in July - which was unbelievably hot  humid. It was the kind of weather when you sweat when you walked out the door! This hotel was amazing. Our room - well that was SMALL but it was ok since only went there to sleep.There was a mall connected to the hotel. That was fun. Great little restaurants. Perfect after a day of sighseeing!The fitness center and pool were unbelievable! I had never seen an indoor pool like that!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Moominpapatroll
<Content>WOW....................... My Mum and I stayed here for 3 nights last month and have nothing but good things to say. We treated ourselves to a two bedroom suite as we had been traveling for a couple of weeks, sleeping in cramped rooms and overnight trains. The suite was amazing. Immaculately decorated and furnished. Kitchen, two bathrooms, large lounge and two bedrooms. Beds were very comfortableWe were in seventh heaven !. The hotel ittself is beautiful and I suggest you visit their website to see for yourself. The Oasis pool and gym are amazing.The staff were friendly and bilingual as you would expect at the level of hotel. The Hyatt is well positioned for shopping, sightseeing and subway.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mariatan
<Content>great hotel for family with kids       hotel pool  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>wowwwww
<Content>only one word "EXCELLENT" it was a great experience to stay in Grand Hyatt Beijing.soon we walked out the plane, someone from Grand Hyatt greeted us and guided us to pass imigration and collected our luggages. then guided us to the audi car that already waiting for us. when we reached the hotel, someone was already waiting for us and send us directly to our room. we stayed in the suite room and it is a very nice and spacious room. the room is very clean and smells nice from casablanca flowers.we tried all the restaurant outlets during our 9 days staying there. the food were excellent. love the MADE IN CHINA and DA GIORGIO.the staffs are excellent. they are all so helpfull. always ready to help u and with big smile, especially for our butler : juliana and winston. they will keep trying to talk to u even they cant speak well english.it is an excellent hotel and a place that i will definitely come to stay again in Beijing.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caetanomi
<Content>Bad service and small standard rooms Perhaps my expectations were too high since this was the first time i stayed at a Grand Hyatt. At first, me and my wife arrived around midnight with a taxi and there was no one to pick up our luggage so we had to go in and call the bell boy. Then we had to wait 10 minutes to check in and there was just two girls working in the reception that time which was very strange since this is supposed to be a 5-star property. We finally checked in and got a really small and boring room, it must have been a standard room due to its size. The breakfast is rather boring and the spaces quite noisy so if you want to relax and enjoy a quiet breakfast you are in the wrong place. Putting together this with the general low service level i really do not recommend this hotel beacuse i'm sure you can get much better standards for the same money. Actually the best thing was the complimentary shoe polish and that tells quite much about our stay.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>familytravelors
<Content>Far exceeded my expectations! Grand Hyatt Bejing really exceeded my expectations and I'm really picky about my hotels. I usually like to stay in 5 star hotels like Four Seasons, and I have to say, Grand Hyatt Bejing was superb! Every aspect of this hotel was top notch! We stayed in a Club Level Grand Deluxe 2 bedroom and was perfect for our family. It was spacious, nicely appointed, the beds were comfortable, Club level concierge service was great, and the pool was simply wonderful to relax in after all day tours. The pool is a bit Las Vegas looking and seemed a bit out of place in China. But, it sure was fun cause we hung out at the jacuzzi every night. The location was perfect. Because Oriental Plaza mall was right below, and Wangfujing was around the corner, we didn't feel trapped at the hotel. We were able to easily cruise through the mall and walk the streets. I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else when I return to Beijing!We stayed for 4 nights, and booked private tours through the Grand Hyatt. The tour guides spoke very good english and were very knowledgeable. Maggie, our tour guide for the Badaling Great Wall Tour climb the steep steps with us. As the steps became steeper, my 78 year old father was not able to keep up. She stayed behind with him to keep him company. He had such a good time chatting with her that he didn't even feel left out not climbing up the towers.Be sure to book the City tour which includes Tianamen Square, Forbiddeen City, Temple of Heaven, and the Llama Temple. On a separate tour, don't miss the Summer Palace. The rickshaw tour through the Hutong area was fun too.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jetblue09
<Content>Best hotel in beijing!!!! By a long shot       Grand Hyatt Beijing Oasis Pool  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brandita
<Content>Truely is Grand! The Grand Hyatt in Beijing was absolutely delightful. The location is great not too far from Tienanmen and on top of a mall which has a ton of restaurants and a metro stop. The breakfast is a great mix of eastern and western. It is a bit pricey however. The pool is the most amazing indoor pool I have ever seen. It even has a fake sky so you feel you are outside.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>OleMissTraveler
<Content>Great Hotel in a great city The Grand Hyatt Beijing is a great choice in Beijing. Location - Central location next to a pedestrian mall with access to great street food. Easy walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City.Rooms - the hotel is new and the rooms are very clean and well appointed. I was upgraded to a suite that included a kitchen. This would be a great option for a family. The room was very quiet with no street or next door noise.Food - Lots of options for restaurants with a great mix from traditional Chinese, Japanese, or Italian. Plenty of options to keep everyone happy.Other - The business center was fantastic. Plenty of computers and several conference rooms for use. Printing is expensive, but not outrageous. The staff was exceptional, very helpful, knowledgeable, and attentive. The pool was beautiful, though I did not have time to enjoy. Gym was clean and had plenty of useful equipment.The Hyatt staff was great! Willing to assist with any need or issue. I not stay anywhere else in Beijing.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lostkitty
<Content>Very disappointing rooms I am not sure why there are so many good reviews about this hotel, while I was hugely disappointed at the hotel. Maybe the good reviews are only from those guests who didn't stay at a standard room. I was put in a standard room, and the room interior, furniture and decoration are way below the normal Grand Hyatt standard -- it just look like a 3star + Hotel. The room is really small, from China standard, and the funitures are in shabby quality. Even the paintings on the wall -- look like they're from Ikea. The location is great, just next to Wang Fu Jin. But if you're more particular about the rooms, i suggest you not to stay at the hotel. There are plenty of hotels in Beijing very well appointed, and some of them are very lavishily designed. For the price is US$200 +++ per night, you can get AMAZING rooms in Beijing. AND TRUST ME, I AM A CHINESE! I KNOW WHAT ARE THE GOOD HOTELS OUT THERE, WITH GREAT VALUE! BUT GRAND HYATT BEIJING IS NOT ONE OF THOSE!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Wereldreizigster
<Content>Double bedroom suite with kitchen and two bathrooms:WOW On our trip with three kids we first visited the Red Capital Ranch at the Wall and after some nights there we went to Beijing to the Grand Hyatt where we stayed before on a business trip, therefor we knew how ideal the location is and how lovely the pool..This time we booked the double bedroom suite with kitchen, living room and two seperate bathrooms and it was wonderful. Like this is travelling with kids great because the suite is not that much more expensive while it offers space enough for everybody without ever getting the feeling that it is crowded. The entrance to the mall was specially enjoyed by the girls and we all loved the pool. The Forbidden City is on walking distance and taxis are cheap although the take only three people max.We often took the breakfast buffet which offered many choices for breakfast, the kids were stunned! after such a great breakie lunch was sometimes skipped or we ate something small during our trips in the city.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DCRE
<Content>Fantastic hotel This was the first stop on our independent China tour. This is a fantastic hotel in every way. We had a beautiful junior suite (free upgrade) with executive floor privileges. The hotel has the biggest and most beautiful indoor pool I have ever seen. The staff is friendly and helpful. Peking duck dinner at Made in China (in the hotel) was excellent. This was our best hotel in China.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PMannapolis
<Content>First time Beijing and Asia I normally don't write reviews, nor get names from websites and use them for travelling, but now will have done both. On our way to visit our daughter studying in Hong Kong, we wanted to visit Beijing. Staying at the Grand Hyatt was essential to our fantastic time there as well as hiring John as a local driver. We emailed him (johnyellowcar@hotmail.com) and he always responded to any questions we had (and I can ask alot). His ability to speak English, caring demeanor, and personal character made him a pleasure to be with. My only regret is not hiring him for more than one day! On our 3 week trip to China and Thailand we felt he was our favorite driver. His website is www.beijing-driver.com. As far as the GrandHyatt, the concierge services/location were excellent and the driver they gave us to take us to the train station was phenomenal. We would not have been able to maneuver the night train to Xian without him. Beijing and the Great Wall were great places to see in our first days to Asia. (Just be sure you have someone write in chinese where you want to go to communicate with taxi drivers.)  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OneCentral
<Content>Average interior, good location, great pool Room is just average, quite small, the workmanship is rather poor, bathroom is small too. The interior furnishing is certainly not as good as the Grand Hyatt in Tokyo, Hong Kong, or Jakarta that I frequented. Service is acceptable but nothing spectacular.However, the location is good, right at the heart of Beijing, with a grand shopping mall below, close to Tiananmen and Wang Fujing. And the interior swimming pool is really pretty; that is the highlight of this hotel. I will also recommend the restaurant Made in China in the lobby.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Donfelice
<Content>fantastic hotel Fantastic hotel, perfect service, great rooms, very clean, which doesn't go without saying in China. It's in walking distance of the forbidden city and when you want to go further, you simply call a cab. It comes at a price, but this is the perfect hotel if you are unfamiliar wit the local customs. e would ABSOLUTELY recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>storeyanne
<Content>A great location in Beijing. The best thing about this hotel is its location, being a comfortable walk to the Forbidden City and Tianamen square. The accommodations are up to the standard one would expect from a Grand Hyatt and the service is very good. They even have a chap (not the main doorman) who stands in the windy vestible to the below floor shoping mall and opens the door as you approach. Nearby shoping offers everything you could want and the concierge desk is happy to point you in the direction of various markets as well as organising appropriate transport.While we were there my husband had to see a doctor and one of the staff actually accompanied him across the street to the hospital and ensured he was seen very quickly without any problems re the language barrier.We were also pleasantly surprised at the cost of eating in the hotel the couple of evenings we were too tired to go out. It certainly isn't cheap by Chinese standards but in comparison to similar hotels in Australia it was quite reasonable.We felt the rooms were a comfortable size and I was glad I didn't take the upgrade to the club/executive level. My only problem was that my husband checked in and signed off on a rate that was more than that I had booked. Fortunately I had a hard copy of the booking confirmation and the manager was very co-operative in ammending the rate to the one I had booked.It is probably also worth noting that Westerners tend to be targeted for minor scams by various individuals who hang around outside the hotel e.g. the struggling university student who wanted to take us to his professors' studio to look at his artwork..... the same artwork that abounds in all the markets! Of course these scams are not confined to the Hyatt and it is just something to be aware of in Beijing.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>twowheelsgood
<Content>Superb Business Hotel, lived up to expectations I stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip, and it was a nearly flawless visit. The room was clean, odor-free and stocked with nearly everything I wanted. It did not have real coffee, but I was in China so I drank tea. The swimming pool and gym are amazing. The reception area is lovely, and the staff are superb. The location is great, next to the shopping area of Wangfujing, and in walking distance to Tiananmen square. I didn't take any meals in the hotel itself, preferring local joints for dinner and the Starbucks nearby for breakfast. There is a restaurant just behind the hotel near the car-park entrance called East Family. Highly recommended. I would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wanderlustny
<Content>Comfortable, Clean, and Centrally Located I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a number of days while on a business trip. My first impression of the hotel was that it seemed a bit understaffed for a hotel of this level. There was quite a line at check-in, and throughout my stay I noticed that this always seemed to be the case, and it was also the case upon check out. The room I was given was extremely large, and very comfortable. The one thing that it was missing was a digital clock. I woke up a few times in the middle of the night due to jet lag and had to turn the light on to look at the small bedside clock. Otherwise, the food was good, the concierge was very helpful, the beds were comfortable, and the rooms were very clean.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>Curlylockz
<Content>Great intro to Beijing For our first trip to China, my husband and I wanted something special so we chose the Grand Hyatt Beijing due to the positive reviews from TripAdvisor. Our expectations were met and exceeded during our few days there. We only wished we could have stayed longer before moving to another hotel (their choice, not ours) to meet up with the rest of our group of travelers.We opted to use the e-concierge to arrange pickup at the airport and we're so glad we did. Coming off of a 14 hour flight, it was nice to know we could relax and be taken care of. The lovely Hyatt employee met us right as we came off the plane and walked us through immigrations and customs. She has us loaded into the waiting car within 15 minutes. The hotel was warm and welcoming and every employee we encountered was kind and helpful. Nearly all of the staff that we interacted with spoke fluent English and went the extra mile to ensure our needs were met.We had a Grand Deluxe 2 bedroom and it was perfect. It was very clean with simple, elegant furnishings. The bathrooms are lovely, though a bit chilly. The robe provided makes that small complaint much more bearable. Toiletries are very nice, too and anything you forget is probably in the amenities package somewhere.The location is great, of course. Easy access to the metro, shopping, and cultural sites. The Starbucks in the Oriental Plaza was so nice to have and the grocery store across from Starbucks was very convenient to pick up sodas instead of paying mini-bar prices.Room service gets dinged for messing up our order on the first day. I got my order but my husband didn't get his despite 2 phone calls and an in-person request when room service came to pick up my tray. We were running out of time so the 3rd phone call placed was to cancel. We then went to The Patisserie and discovered their wonderful banana bread which became our breakfast of choice for the rest of our stay.Despite the minor issue with room service, the Grand Hyatt Beijing gets 5 stars and a hearty recommendation from me.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jusmagk
<Content>Good but sloppy When in Beijing, I always stay at the Grand Hyatt. Very good service, and classy establishment. I love the airport limo service.But of late, I've begun to notice some sloppiness. Obviously, there are a lot of VIP clientele at this hotel. A few years back, I say George Bush Sr. and Secretary Hank Paulson, with their armies of US and Chinese secret service men.This time around, I had the junior suite. I've begun to notice how dirty their carpets are getting. I guess it's wear-n-tear, but it's getting to the point of noticeability.Also, as I was checking out, the bell service was so late in coming up, I had to carry my stuff down, which almost caused me to be late for my check-out.Finally, I go outside for my airport limo ride, but the limo is not ready, so I wait some more.Maybe minor nitpicks, but it caused me to wonder whether the Grand Hyatt is starting to take the regular biz traveler for granted, in light of the constant VIPs they are always getting...I'll probably stay here again next time, but if this sloppiness continues, I'll probably switch to the Starwoods in town.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mijansso
<Content>Luxury hotel with a fabulous pool The Grand Hyatt Beijing is undoubtedly one of the best hotels in the city. The location is great, with Oriental Plaza shopping mall in the same building complex, and with Wangfujing shopping street right next door. The hotel itself is luxurious from its lobby to the gorgeous pool situated underground. The pool  spa services deserve a special mention: This is the most fabulous hotel pool I have come accross, regardless of being an inside pool. The whole balinese setting with cavelike grottos and several jacuzzis is simply amazing (please see photos of this hotel, you will see what I am talking about). What is not quite up to the same ultimate luxury standards are the rooms. The bathrooms are great, with separate bathtubs, showers and toilet areas, but the rooms, albeit stylish, are rather small in size and simple in looks.The hotel staff is eager to recommend club room option, but in this case the room itself is exactly same, the only added benefits are inclusive breakfast and 1 person (guest only - no visitors) access to the club lounge where during certain hours one may enjoy foods and drink.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKJulian
<Content>A brilliant hotel - worth every penny This is a great hotel in a great location. Great service.Great Pool. Great restaurants. 5-Star rooms.We wanted to use this as a haven when visiting family in Beijing. We chose it on the basis of trip advisor reviews. It did not disappoint.Not much more to say - just want to give them credit where it is due!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CSHUSA
<Content>Good Hotel Good hotel, good service!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mplus2
<Content>First rate hotel - highly recommended This was our 3rd stay at the Grand Hyatt Beijing and the first one with our 2 children aged 4 and 2. This hotel continues to exceed expectations on all levels. Even though we had booked a standard room, during check-in we requested a room with separate area for the children to sleep and play. Sure enough the check-in staff put us up in a mini-suite that even had a kitchenette! I've stayed in many 5 star hotels in China and must say that this one is the best by far. The rooms were fantastic and location, right on Wangfujing and connected to a mall, can't be beat.PHowever, what sets the Hyatt apart is the service. I don't mean the usual how are you today sir service but going above and beyond. During our stay my daughter needed to go to the hospital and I must admit that a stint in a Chinese hospital is not for the faint of heart. The concierge not only called an ambulance but also hopped in the ambulance with us and helped with the conversations and administration at the hospital. This was at 2 am in November which is bitterly cold in Beijing and she didn't event stop to take her jacket!pTo Beth and the entire staff at the Hyatt Beijing - we will definitely be back!PP.S. The pool is not to be missed!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>stephanie_cate
<Content>Our home in Beijing! This hotel has a wonderful atmosphere and the BEST restaurant- Made in China! We felt so at home here and the location was great- about ten minutes on foot to the Forbidden City and connected to a large shopping complex with a very interesting chinese food court. The staff was always helpful in writing addresses in chinese for taxi drivers.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>matorg
<Content>Imperial This is one of the best place you have to go if you visit Beijing for the first time because it has the best location ( only 500 meters to forbidden city...) and the staff was very nice and helpfull (that so usefull in a town where everything is so different ).For those who loves shopping ,the hotel is in the same building as the Oriental plaza ( lots of shops and restaurants but a bit too fancy).All the restaurants of this hotel are greats but i recommend especially the chinese' s one and the Red moon club where you can have a drink after dinner in a comfortable lounge place.if you have to go somewhere just ask the staff in english and they ll give you a card where your destination will be wrotten in chinese for your taxi , cause in china only few peoples speaks other languages even english .PS China is a great place to go and Hyatt is a secure way to have the same comfort and services as everywhere.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>catozzo123
<Content>really not bad !       external  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>Eric060
<Content>Excellent hotel My wife and I spent a week in this hotel We stayed in a club room. The hotel has an excellent location although there is a lot of building works ongoing everywhere which hampers a bit walking in the neighbouring area. Everything in the hotel was spotless and the service was very good. We asked for directions and wanted them to write the adress in chinese. Two times the adddress was wrong and we had some problems to sort it out. Take Your time to explain in detail where You are going, otherwise You might end up in the wrong place.The food and drinks in the lounge were quite OK as was the breakfast.We tried all the restaurants and they were good. We liked especially the Chinese restaurant on the lobby floor where You could see the chefs cooking.The health-club with the huge swimming pool was magnificent and we spent much time there.In all - a very good hotel in a crowded city a bit suffering from smog  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>debbie1759
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I booked this hotel with my gold passport reward for the first couple of days of our Beijing vacation. The picture on their website does no justice to actually seeing the hotel with the fountain going...especially at night. The hotel room was clean and was the room we requested when I booked the reservation. The staff was excellent and went out of their way to help us. We thought we would run into a language barrier but not at this hotel. The location was great. If you like the high end shopping you are near the Oriental Mall but it was also close to the Wangfujing Street shopping where you can get your taste of bargaining with the locals. We were glad we booked this hotel for the first leg of our Beijing stay as the next hotel was no comparison.I think if we had to pay for the room we would have as well worth it...compared to the other hotels.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tr0dat
<Content>Grand Hyatt Beijing is Grand I liked this hotel because it is about 3 long blocks to the Forbidden City, yet right on the corner of Waifujing Street, like Nanjing in Shanghai. The hotel sits on top of the Oriental Plaza which has everything from fast food to Givenchy to a excellent grocery store so you do not have to eat the snacks in the hotel room. This is a great bonus since all hotels charge a fortune for this luxury. Try to get the breakfast included. They make everything from real waffles and pancakes and eggs made to order to Congee and wonton noodle soup. The breads were wonderful too.The silk market is a fake copiers dream but might be gone when the Olympics come to the city in 2008. I was dissapointed with the mansion of Prince Gong. The interiors are not renovated so the garden is only open.We rented a car and driver for the Great Wall and the Ming tombs.This was an added bonus since the bus tours always throw in a stopover for shopping. Does the bus driver get a cut???Anyways Beijing is wonderful but I hear the heat in August is horrible. Good luck Olympic fans!cj  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mtw64
<Content>Great Hotel!       Hotel from main street  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>closetconundrums
<Content>Every Thing Is Grand       Living Room  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>wb6jao
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Service I originally stayed here because it was close to my office in Beijing.Great rooms and service. The pool and SPA in the basement are first rate and not all that expensive, but you can find less expensive with local knowledge.I especially recommend a nearby foot massage place where you can get a 90 minute foot massage with beer or tea for under $10 US.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>melbur
<Content>loved this place We stayed here prior to our Princess Asia cruise for only 2 nights, wished it had been longer. Firstly, there is so much to see and do in Beijing, we didn't have enough time. However this hotel is top notch. The location is fantastic - we walked from the Silk Market (about 40 min) and about 10 min to Forbidden City and Tiannamen Sq. The staff were very professional and courteous. Our room was lovely, everything was very comfortable. And for people who like more western style food, it's perfect, they have a wide variety of menu options in their many restaurants. Would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sinberg
<Content>A grand stay at the Grand Hyatt! We have just returned from a one week stay at the Grand Hyatt in a two bedroom Grand Deluxe suite. We are a large family and the suite was perfect for us. The room: The small kitchen has a handy microwave and a large refrigerator which was perfect for storing milk, drinks, and snacks for our children. The bedrooms are fairly small but the living area and dining area are quite spacious. It should be noted that the second bedroom is not ensuite. The bathroom is located off of the dining area and only has a shower while the master bath is small but has a deep soaking tub that felt great after our long walks around Beijing! Our room was spotless and housekeeping was very good for the entire length of our stay. The beds were comfortable and pillows plentiful. A dvd player is located in the living room and kids videos can be checked out from the club lounge if you like. Also, our room was very quiet and peaceful. The only negatives that I can think of are that the carpet is looking a little worn, the decor of the rooms is not particularly Asian - it's quite bland, and there is an additional charge for internet service but overall a comfortable, clean, homey space.Dining: Unlike the pp we really enjoyed Made in China. While we also ate at Huang Ting (at the Peninsula) and thought it was outstanding we thought the food at Made in China was wonderful. We did preorder our Peking duck when we made our reservation and this was a great time saver. Room service was palatable, not great, and prompt. The buffet breakfast included in our room rate was plentiful and quite good with a variety of Western and Asian food available. I wouldn't recommend asking for anything out of the ordinary or not on the buffet as this was difficult for the restaurant staff to understand and invariably sent everyone into a tizzy. A bakery and chocolate shop located in the lobby made yummy bread, croissants, and sweet treats. Also, while not in the hotel My Humble House is about a one minute walk from the hotel and was one of our favorite restaurants in Beijing.Pool and Gym: The gym was top notch and I would highly recommend it. The pool was also huge fun. I didn't realize that it was an indoor pool so didn't bring swimsuits for the kids but found we could purchase them from the spa desk. The kids had a blast swimming at night under the stars.Lobby: For a hotel so full with guests the lobby, hallways, gym, and other public areas never felt crowded or uncomfortably busy. We also stayed at the Peninsula and our only major issue with the Peninsula was that the lobby area, hallways, and other public areas including the club lounge were SO busy and crowded.Concierge: We used the concierge services a great deal. We found them very helpful but we did our research before we went to Beijing and had already made restaurant reservations and created a general touring plan.Misc: A grocery store is located in the basement of the shopping mall attached to the hotel. The selection is limited but adaquate for creating a simple picnic and for snack supplies. Also, the location of the hotel really is terrific and is difficult to beat for proximity to the Forbidden City, restaurants, and general sights. On a different note, we used the hotel laundry service a great deal and found it to be quite prompt and reliable if pricey - as we expected.Value: OUTSTANDING! We booked our room under the Family Grand Experience and we felt the value was exceptional. Panda bears were waiting in the room for our children when we arrived and room service came by with popcorn, ice cream, and movies on our first night - all included in our room rate. Breakfast was included in our room rate as was an upgrade to a six seater van for our airport transfers. We also stayed at the Peninsula on the club floor, the Commune at the Great Wall, and at the Red Capital Ranch, and I have to say that for value, comfort, and quality we felt the Grand Hyatt beat them all hands down.While I wouldn't call the Grand Hyatt super luxurious it was a fantastic value and an oustanding base for a family exploring Beijing. Comfortable, clean, and convenient.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>tennsurfr
<Content>Hyatt Beijing shines We were not expecting a truly First class hotel in Bieijing, but theHyatt earned a 10 in every respect.Location -Just above an large underground high end mall. Also, just a 15-20 minute walk to Forbidden City  Tieneman Suare. Less than 5 minutes to the excellent Beijing subway.The staff was attentive and earnest. Food was very good, although expensive (like all hotels). Beds totally comfortable - AC worked like a charm (outside air was very muggy and polluted).We used a travel agent (Klahani travel on Maui) to book the room- got a $184 rate-very low for such a high quality hotel.Beijing and all of China are truly fascinating - you MUST go.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>samcraig33
<Content>Wonderful Hotel- Restaurants Over-rated The only true 5 star hotel in Beijing in THE best location ever.We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in a grand deluxe room which was huge- highly recommend it. The location of this hotel is brilliant- 10 minute walk from tianamen square and the forbidden city; and 5 minutes from the main shopping street.The hotel itself is attached to high end shops- chanel, LV, Burberry and Toni and Guy etc and is linked directly to a huge shopping mall. Just be warned that the prices are about 30% more expensive than in the UK.My only problem with this hotel was their over-hyped restaurants especially Made In China which was really disappointing- service and food were not great and it was more expensive than other 5 star hotels in Beijing.Instead go to the chinese restaurant in the Peninsula Hotel- Huang Ting which was amazing- highly recommend it to everyone.In short, this hotel is the best located in Beijing with huge modern rooms- just stay clear of their restaurant- Made in China!!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>VictoriaSommers
<Content>Grand Hyatt - indeed a grand hotel, highly recommended! I was on a business trip to Beijing in July and my client picked this hotel. It's in a great location, being connected to the mall with all the amenities you would want. The hotel itself is grand and upscale. Its staff are courteous and speak very good English. I was there for 4 nights in a very well appointed room. Room service was prompt too.My stay was almost perfect, honestly. The only thing was that on the day of my departure, I had to leave the hotel at 6:15 a.m. for a really early flight in the morning. Given my Gold Hyatt Passport, the front desk suggested that breakfast could be delivered to the room at 6:00 a.m. without additional charge (buffet breakfast was included in the room rate but normally not room service, you see). I was really delighted. Breakfast was delivered on time but at the time that I checked out, the front desk insisted on charging me. After some explanation, they agreed to cancel the charge. This shows a slip in ther internal communication process but the staff handled the issue politely, which I appreciate.Despite this, I still feel that this is probably one of the best Beijing hotels I have ever stayed in. Highly recommended. Oh, by the way, if time permits, do try the exquisitely-prepared Chinese cuisine at the hotel's fine-dining restaurant Made In China. The chef there prepared the duck dishes (especially the appetizer brasied duck slices with mustard) in a heavenly manner! :-)Thanks for reading this review and I hope this helps.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>tonynelson
<Content>One of my all-time favorites I can't say enough about this hotel. The room was incredible. The pool and exercise area were incredible. The food and local Sunday buffet were incredible. When I go back to Beijing, I will definitely stay here.It is located on top of a shopping mall and a couple of blocks down from The Forbidden City. Great location for walking around Beijing. If you're looking for something farther out, the hotel does a great job arranging for trips with tour groups and personal guides.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BCUSA
<Content>Excellent stay in an excellent, well-located top rate hotel. An excellent experience. Stayed on business but my wife joined. Check-in was fine. Limo arranged with hotel to and from airport was about $50US and they had someone meet the flight at the gate, bring us through customs, to the limo and to the hotel. Reverse on departure. Excellent experience. Our room was spacious with a fine view on a high floor (exec level). Two or more bottles of water supplied each day as the tap water in the city is not for drinking. AC excellent (it was hot in August in Beijing). Breakfast was excellent but expensive. Discovered a slightly smaller breakfast on the exec level floor lounge which was included in the price and was fine. Lounge open all day and evening for coffee, cake, tea. Good meeting place for business too. Pool very kitschy. Taxis abundant. Location superb near forbidden city and middle class shopping streets just two blocks away as well as the main pedestrian shopping street (no cars), dept stores, shops etc. We took taxis pretty much everywhere as they are abundant throughout the city (where we went anyway) and inexpensive. Hotel attached to an office building complex and luxury apts. All brand new concrete and glass. You have to walk a few blocks for China.Booked a standard tour to the Wall via the hotel concierge. Concierge desk somewhat harried and level of English varied. Not terribly well informed about the city or the tour (surprisingly) but friendly and tried hard. The Chancellor of Germany was there with her 100 person staff, guards etc. which made for a very interesting time. Saw her working the breakfast room in the exec lounge. They did not interfere with the service at all during our stay.There is a very upscale mall attached to the hotel where we ate a couple of times. Fare varies from mediocre fast food to a superb Szechuan restaurant reasonbly priced and full of locals (I presume). There is a not so great steak restaurant right outside the hotel but only a few blocks from an excellent duck restaurant, Mongolian restaurant and scores of others including dumpling shops, fast food stalls (centipedes, octopi, scorpions as well as more prosaic items).All in all an excellent stay and I'd recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TrektheWorld
<Content>Excellent Hotel! This is a fabulous hotel, that has all the amenities that one could want. It is located very close to the Forbidden City, and it is also attached to a major mall with great stores and places to eat. In the mall there is also drugstores and grocery stores that you can pick up drinks, and food to store in your hotel room. The location of this hotel is great, and it was very clean and the staff was extremely helpful. The pool was fantastic! I went down every morning to workout in the gym and take a swim.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Victoria123
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Hyatt for 4 nights 7th-10th Sept and we thought it was great. We booked a club room and had access to the club lounge with free drinks and some food between 6-8pm. The basement pool is amazing, the staff were wonderful and the location very central.There is a large shopping mall underneath the hotel and easy access to the night food market, I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel probably the best we stayed at ---until we moved to the Grand Stamford in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HTC2908
<Content>5 stars hotel but customer serivce only 2 stars Beijing: Grand Hyatt Beijing Hotel : Disappointed with their serviceDate : 7 Sep 07 to 12 Sep 07Reviwer: LLF : SingaporeBefore my trip to Beijing with my boss, we have searched online for hotels in Beijing, we have choosed Grand Hyatt Hotel is because we believed the hotel will provided us a good and pleasant stay during our business trip to Beijing. But quite disappointed with their service staffs.Incident 1) On Monday (10/9/07) morning, i woke up to find that my ankle swollen big like a egg size, because i went to great wall on sunday, while coming down i sprined my ankle, i thought is just a minor twised so i just apply some oil to my ankle. The first thing come to mind is to see a chinese physician. So I called concierge for help, i told them i would like to see a chinese physician, the staff told me there isnt any near the hotel, so i requested her to check for me, any place near by which i can go? She told me she will check it out for me, but after half an hour, no reply. My brother msn me, so i told him what had happen to me, he quckily contact his Singapore friend which are working in Beijing, his friend's wife came over to fetch me to see a chinese physician. Luckily i was treated early, if not my leg will be still swollen, i dont think i can walk out myself to take the flight back to Singapore. Incident 2) Tuesday (11/9/07) night, had dinner with my boss at the Grand cafe, he ordered a set meal, the menu stated server with steamed rice and your choice of soup, but the soup didnt serve. Afternoon i had the same set meal and is served with a soup of the day,so i m sure it come with a soup. So i asked one of the waitress, is it they have forgotten to serve him with the soup, but she just mumbled to my boss then just walked off. My boss didnt hear what she said, until we finished our dinner, the soup didnt serve. We were quite upset with her service, is it because we are chinese and dress casually, so she dont give a damp! Is this the kind of service which a 5 star hotel should provide?Even though these 2 incidents spoiled our impression with the hotel but they have good service from other department.The Housekeeping staff are good, they dont wear high heel and suit but they are friendly and provide good service.The room is always neat and clean, they will come in a few time to empty the rubbish. I told them i need some ice to rub my swell ankle, they immediately send it to me and even asked me to take care and walked slowly.Olympic is coming soon, with this kind of of unpleasant service, do you think foriegner will come to stay at the hotel? Please polish up the serivce! My next trip to Beijing, i will consider whether to stay with Grand Hyatt again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hanyu
<Content>One of the best in Beijing and China but not yet quite international 5 star Stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing from the 25th to 30th August on a family vacation cum business trip. Put up in a family room which is a double and twin rooms combined with kitchenette and living room.I have stayed at the St. Regis and Peninsula in the same city.Incentives to stay:1) The hotel has perhaps the best location of all the top hotels in Beijing all round. It is right at the doorstep of Wangfujing, the main shopping artery (also very tourisy) and right below it is a modern mall with food courts, restaurants and quick access to an underground train station. Peninsula is a 15 min. or so walk from Wangfujing's heart though its mandarin name and address suggest it is also very close by and St. Regis is out of the way and only makes sense if saving 5-15 min. (depending on traffic) to the business district is paramount.2) It is among the newest of hotels and this shows in the clean and modern interior. The Peninsula is in an old building so that despite its recent refurbishment, the age shows.3) The room was generously sized at 900+ sq. ft. for 2 bedrooms. For the price we paid, this is quite a pleasant surprise.Even requesting to see a standard room, I found the size to certainly compare to the Peninsula and be more spacious than the more expensive and cramp St. Regis.4) Unlike some other reviewers, I found the finishings at the Grand Hyatt quite acceptable. While it is not as precise as say the top hotels in Hong Kong or New York, it doesn't cost even remotely as much. I was quite content that my dollar had stretched as far as room quality was concerned.5) The hotel has a full spa and health club facility in the 2nd basement level. The gym is among the best equipped city hotel gyms I've encountered worldwide. The large indoor Olympic size pool was a nice touch for a swimmer like me.I do agree that the decor of the pool area is rather kitsch and over the top but that boils down to personal taste I suppose. I would have gone another way to keep pace with the rest of the hotel's minimalist signature Hyatt feel but I can understand where the designer was going though I cannot in good faith approve of it.6) Taxis were plentiful at nearby Wangfujing and outside the hotel lobby. In Beijing, that is a big deal.Discentives:1) Service is still unacceptable. While the mainland Chinese have not had a culture of service for years and there is definite improvement noted, especially leading up to the 2008 Olympics, it is still significantly short of world standards.While there, no staff except for the foreign expatriate management bothered to greet us or make eye contact on a routine basis. For a 5 star establishment, this is a point that needs polishing.In this regard, the St. Regis has done far better. While it's Beijing branch is not quite up to the standard of other St. Regis', comparing to the Grand Hyatt, I can see that they must have spent a lot of effort coaching their staff.2) Housekeeping at our floor was quite bad. Bedsheets were not properly done up each day despite our repeated requests and my travel mate's personal coaching of the housekeeper. There was an unfortunate incident where we had to call up the duty manager to get her to expedite housekeeping coming to our room to tidy up though we had been out since the morning and returned only around 4+ pm.Perhaps the worst point was that there was once (just once though) where not only did housekeeping not replace used shampoo, shower gel bottles etc. , they did not even bother to place the used bottles neatly and left them in a mess at the bottom of the bath tub. This is clearly a mark of lacklustre service for any hotel, much less a 5 star. I made it a point to check how many rooms were occupied on our level and noted that occupancy was less than 50% during our stay. There should be no reason for the poor housekeeping service.3) The hotel has not moved on to providing the little touches that make a true international 5 star experience. Things like fruits or petit fours etc. for a small tea awaiting you when you come back to your room or the laying out of your bedroom slippers on evening turn down were all absent.4) The hotel rooms still use cathode-ray tube TVs. The St. Regis and Peninsula have all moved on to flat screen. This is now the accepted norm at top hotels.5) The kitchen is largely for show but has a fridge. Stove area is provided but no pots, pans, cooking utensils are provided or available on request from the hotel staff. When quizzed on such an odd arrangement, the floor manager just shrugged and walked off.All in all, I still believe the Grand Hyatt has among the best rooms in terms of quality and size (barring the TV and if you stay in the family rooms, the non-functioning odd waste of space called the kitchen) and the gym is excellent for those like me who need to get exercise in to stay sane and stave off the pounds. Its location is also hands down the best of the big 5 in Beijing.However, the service is in serious need of improvement and it is this that makes a hotel an international top hotel and not merely a 5 star by facility ratings.My recommendation would be that if location, comfort of rooms are your primary concern because you have a packed meeting schedule or are on a holiday where you will be out the whole day and just want good amenities to rest and relax in, Grand Hyatt is a good choice (as long as you don't stay on the 10th floor with its rather disappointing housekeeping staff). If service matters more to you, pick the St. Regis.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	3	3	1	3	

<Author>travelkiddies
<Content>Disappointed in the service... Given all the positive reviews and good location, I booked the Grand Hyatt for a 3-night stay to see the sights of Beijing, August 4th-8th.To make things easier, through the hotel concierge, I had arranged for a hotel car to greet us at the airport and drive us to the hotel. However, upon our arrival to the airport, there was nobody waiting for us. I had to call the hotel, and then 10 minutes later, the driver showed up to meet us. Then we still had to walk another 10 minutes to get to the car.Upon our arrival to the hotel, we were told our room was not ready (we arrived at 2:30pm). They held our luggage, and told us to come back in an hour. We went to the attached shopping mall, and had a late lunch. When we came back at 3:30pm, we were told our room was still not ready, come back in 30 minutes. We waited in the lobby area. When 30 minutes was up, we went back to the check-in counter, and our room was finally ready. We received our room key, and went up to our room -- however, I had requested a non-smoking room, and the room they put us in was full of smoke smell. I called down to the front desk, and asked for another room. It took another 20 minutes for someone to come and take us to another room. Finally, we arrived at the room which was suitable. However, it was not cleaned, and there were no towels or toiletries, slippers or robes, plus the room was unvacuumed. I called housekeeping, and 15 minutes later, they arrived to make the room up. By the time we finally settled into our room, it was dinner time! What a waste of time just trying to get our room!After all of this, our stay was fine. The pool was nice, and the breakfast buffet good. Being attached to the mall was convenient, and the location can't be beat (however we did use taxis to go everywhere). However, for being a 5-star hotel, I was very disappointed that our first impression was so horrible, and it really did ruin our first day of our Beijing trip. I hope they can get it together before the hoards of people arrive for the Olympics next year!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>vgchao
<Content>Pleasant Stay at the Grand Hyatt in Beijing       View from Room  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>fc1
<Content>Genuinely the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at My friends and I spent a weekend at the Grand Hyatt after agreeing to splash out. When we realised that splashing out would only cost about 50 a night we were ecstatic.Our trip was only bettered by a glitch with the hotel's computer systems that didn't register our request for a triple room. They could not offer us the room they had promised but offered us an upgrade to a suite for the equivalent of around 10 a night. This suite was roughly three times bigger than my apartment at the time (in Tokyo so predictably small) with two amazing bedrooms and bathrooms and a large lounge. Naturally all was spotless, state of the art and amazingly comfortable.The best thing about the hotel was definitely, however, the gym...kitted out with multiple brand-new machines it was genuinely a pleasure to work out. And the pool is huge, imaginatively decorated and surrounded by little jacuzzis and shallower pools.As an indicator of how luxe this hotel is, as we walked out of the revolving doors on our last day George Clooney happened to be walking in...I can't guarantee you'll spot him on your visit but I can guarantee that you will not be disappointed by the Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>StockholmMellie
<Content>Wonderful Hotel - Fantastic Service and Facilities The Grand Hyatt is a wonderful hotel in a great location right at the heart of Beijing. You have the Oriental Shopping mall on your doorstep, Wanfuching shopping a short walk away and 10 minutes walk to Tian'anmen Sq  the Forbidden City. The rooms' were very clean and well laid out. We loved the leisure facilities with probably the best hotel pool we have ever seen. The staff were exceptional with very high levels of service. It is expensive for Beijing, but relatively cheap compared with Western hotels for this standard.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BSA126
<Content>Pretty good! Grand Hyatt Beijing is located in a very busy part of Beijing, with Oriental Plaza and WangFuGing locatedVERY VERY VERY close to it. However, this can mean that the hotel is very busy and room types are not always all avaliable. We stayed three times in this hotel due to PRICE and LOCATION. It was cheaper than China World during the weekdays, and was located closer to busy shopping and tourist areas. Rooms were standard hyatt style, with goose down duvets, Alo Vera/Rosemary/Mint toiletries, soft beds, Panasonic TV's, etc. Our Family suite was two bedrooms, and had a kitchenette with 6 bottles of complimentary water, plates, forks, spoons, bowls, chopsticks, Fortress refrigerator/freezer, Longde electric water kettle, teamugs (eww....very old), glass cups, etc. It was very well equipped.However, the very VERY bad part of the Grand Hyatt which annoyed us very much was that they kept ringing the door bell, for (during our three stays):1.Luggage2.Water3.Utensils4.Complimentary Food5. Smoke dectection6. (MULTIPLE TIMES!!!!!) Minibar and tableware additionsLIST GOES ON!It was simply annoying and made our stay kind of annoying.The health club was okay. It wasn't that clean or anything like that. The pool, as other reviewers have said, was very nice, large, etc. The pool to me looked pretty tropical, but was dirty. However, they had boards to help swimmers. That was pretty nice. But, they don't follow RULES! Their pool rule says everyone must wear swimming caps. However, NO ONE wore swimming caps. They should just delete all their rules instead.Breakfast @ Made in China was EXCELLENT! Besides continental breakfast (buffet style), you could order breakfast specialties, which included pancakes, waffles, dumplings, french toast, wontons, noodles, congee, etc. The good thing is...it doesn't cost additional $$$ and was made to order! That was a main reason why the breakfast was so good.Overall, the Grand Hyatt Beijing is a very good hotel for tourists and people for business.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>NCreviewer
<Content>the Hyatt was worth the money we stayed at the Hyatt the first and last nights of our trip (and in university housing for the middle nights). My first piece of advice: make sure you take the chinese characters for Hyatt with you, because none of the taxi drivers at the airport will speak English. If you go to [--] and click on maps and directions you can print out a map that has both english and chinese characters on it - very useful!! On our first stay, they allowed us to check-out at 3 pm since we didn't need to go to the university until then. On our second stay, we showed up at 9 am because we were so desperate to get away from the university housing, and they let us check in at 10 am. both times, the room was beautiful, and both times we appreciated their flexibility with check-in/check-out times. the Hyatt has western prices, but it was so easy there that it was worth it. the wireless internet worked perfectly. the mini bar had sparkling water. they helped us get taxis (by writing cards with the destination in chinese characters). they loaned us umbrellas. and it was so easy to walk to sites from the hotel, like the forbidden city and also to wander around residential streets. one thing that surprised us: we didn't think Made In China was anything special. We had read some good reviews of it, so we went there our first night. It was all fine, but nothing special.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lassie
<Content>Good choice       Forbidden City  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>frompoletopole
<Content>Great but pricy Grand Hyatt       front outside view of Grand Hyatt  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emiao
<Content>It's all been said already A terrific hotel. Well located. Great rooms. Terrific service. I liked the buffet breakfast. The entrance to the mall is convenient, particularly since it leads out to the main shopping area. One could argue that it doens't feel like you're in China...but if anything, it does actually reflect China and all of it's wonderous development.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cnchapman
<Content>Great! Improvements to many details since 2005 As most other reviewers have noted, this is a great hotel and definitely one of the best -- possibly the very best -- in Beijing. Instead of duplicating all of those positive  accurate descriptions -- large rooms, luxurious decorations, impressive pool, good service -- I want to update a previous review where I noted some problems in 2005. I stayed at the Grand Hyatt in late 2005 and found it to be nice but lacking in attention to detail. I was pleasantly surprised this time to find that almost all of the annoyances had been improved.First, the beds used to be very, very hard. No more! The bed was luxurious and very comfortable. I slept amazingly well, every single night, even with jetlag. In 2005, I heard a lot of noise from outside, but this time the room was perfectly quiet day and night (perhaps it helps to be on the back side of the hotel). Also, in 2005, I noted a variety of minor imperfections in the rooms, such as misaligned shower doors and unpadded carpet. This time, those were all fine. In short, the hotel seems to be better than ever and I have no reservations about recommending it highly.One reviewer has noted that the breakfast buffet is not as good as some of the enormous buffets in Asia. In my experience, it's middle of the road -- nothing to write home about, but certainly adequate and better than many. The a la carte breakfast menu, which I prefer, was better than the menus at most places that have buffets.The restaurants in the hotel vary in quality. Made in China has fabulous, fresh, delicious Beijing style food, but the Noble Court Cantonese restaurant was not impressive. Dinner at Da Giorgio was truly first-rate Italian (they even had a special black truffle tasting menu), approaching par with top restaurants in the US, apart from an adequate but limited wine list. The Grand Cafe, which is the 24-hour restaurant, was adequate and predictable. The Patisserie was nice although more focused on desserts than I would prefer. I didn't go to Redmoon (Japanese). One important tip for Made in China and Da Giorgio is to make reservations in the morning; they are small and justly popular, and we were unable to get in either one at the last minute.Service at the hotel is excellent. It's not quite on a par with the best Japanese hotels (where guests are almost nobility), but is better than most hotels in the US.Four final tips on enjoying Beijing: (1) Be sure to take a guidebook or address card with addresses in Chinese everywhere. Most taxi drivers still do not understand any English, not even the name Grand Hyatt (in a pinch, ask for the Metro stop, Wanfujing).(2) Get out of the tourist areas and explore some of the hutongs (traditional residential/market alleyways). We found wonderful places just by walking west of the Forbidden City and then north and around in a big loop. (3) Get the hotel to reserve a car service to and from the airport. This costs significantly more than a taxi (~$70 instead of ~$13), but it will be easier, cleaner, roomier, air conditioned, safer (most cabs don't have seatbelts), and will come with personal assistance with baggage and checkin at the airport. (4) Take the subway at least some of the time. We rode it multiple times and it was fast, efficient, safe, clean, and cheap ($0.40 for a central area ticket). Navigating with English was no problem on the central lines. You'll need a good map once you exit the subway, of course (I recommend the Lonely Planet Best of Beijing for a useful guide but great map, and it will fit into a pocket).  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Seanito
<Content>Just look at the pool! Amazing...simply amazing....okay I have stayed in hotels that I've enjoyed more, or maybe I thought they were even nicer....but this hotel definately deserves it's 5 star rating. Great food all around, including room service. The pool looks like something out of a Las Vegas hotel...pretty swanky. And the service is tops in my book.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mrwatson
<Content>Truly elegant Asia does luxury hotels better than anywhere else i've been and the Grand Hyatt is no exception. We spent 3 nights there in September. A bargain compared to hotels in Europe and the states. We paid around $300/night for a large suite with separate living/work area. Floor to ceiling windows with a view over the Forbidden City.What i liked most about the hotel was the variety of restaurants in the hotel and the location. We loved the Royal Court for dim sum (the champagne brunch dim sum was great - ate off the menu - no rolling carts - until we literally rolled out of the restaurant and had plenty of Veuve Clicquot along with it). Made in China is a hip restaurant on the lobby level that serves updated/modern versions of traditional dishes. Great bok choy!The hotel is located within a 5 minute walk of both tiannamen square and the forbidden city. The hotel is located upstairs from a shopping mall which is fine but mostly useful if you forget a sundry item from home.The pool is fantastic! it's located on the basement level with a cushy, but not large, gym. the locker rooms are spa-like. The pool itself is incredible - really large with grotto-like walls and little hiding places and waterfalls. lots of lounge chairs lying about.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>awdub
<Content>Extraordinarily good We stayed here at both the beginning and end of our China trip, and very much enjoyed it. The location is superb for tourists, close to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, attached to a shopping mall with surprisingly good inexpensive casual food options, and very close to the night market. (Unfortunately, the location is not as good for business travelers - it is only a few miles from Beijing's office towers, but since traffic is so bad, it took 30-40 minutes each way for my husband to get to his business meetings.) We stayed in two different 1 bedroom suites, and both were quite nice. Each had a kitchenette with fridge and microwave and dishes for two. The linens were fantastic, the beds were extremely comfortable, and the bathrooms were spectacular. We ate in both the main restaurant (Made in China) and the Cantonese restaurant (Noble Court). Neither restaurant was a bargain, but they were both extremely good (Made in China had better atmosphere, and Noble Court had better food).I booked a 410RMB day trip to the great wall and the ming tombs through the concierge desk - was expecting a big tour bus that would pick up people from several hotels before herding us into the hills, so was thrilled to have a trip with only three other guests in a Mercedes minivan. The tour guide mentioned that because Hyatt was such an important account for his company, they rolled out the better cars for them (the tour guide himself was extraordinarily engaging and knowledgeable, with impeccable English - I'm willing to bet the company rolls out its best guides for Hyatt, too).We only truly appreciated this place after being on the road for over a week, staying at other hotels in the interior of the country, where small rooms, hard beds, and tired facilities were more common. When we checked into the Hyatt again, they already had a note in the computer system about our stored luggage, and delivered it up to our suite about five minutes after we arrived with a welcome back. The level of service and attention to detail was spectacular - it was a very nice way to recharge before the long trip back home.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toolworker
<Content>Great location, fine staff       Chef prepares a green bean breakfast crepe  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>casawaikiki
<Content>Great place to impress someone I saw the hotel last time I stayed in Beijing, and it looked impressive. Check in staff was super. They recommended that I upgrade and showed me the room. I loved it! Everything was nice. The hotel is certainly grand. The location is perfect, near a lot of fun things. Underneath the hotel is the entrance to a major shopping mall. Can't be more convenient than that! The hotel also provided in house massage and the girls were really NICE :) The only problem I encountered was that the nearest ATM was several blocks away..... But other than that, a great experience. Internet connection was very good.And you gotta see the huge pool area..... super nice tropical look. One of the best I've seen. Really enjoyed it's unique look. Felt almost like Hawaii !Oh and the restaurants were very popular. Tried to get a walk in 2 times.... no luck. Make reservations!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hinmi
<Content>Good but overrated I visited the hotel in May during the Chinese public holidays with my family. We took a grand deluxe room which is great for family vacation since it has a separate Living and sleeping area and also features a small kitchen. Otherwise the room was nothing special. Very standard and even still with standard TVs. Also due to facing another building the room was pretty dark but at least quiet.A big disappointment was the breakfast buffet which served the same food every day and is not comparable to other Hyatt breakfast buffets. It is on the small side. On the other side, the swimming pool is great for kids!We chose the hotel for the location and that was a true benefit. Walking distance to the forbidden city and tiananmen as well as right next to Wangfujing Rd and set on top of a shopping center. In general, this is my third Hyatt hotel I stayed in in China and I'm pretty sure that it was my last time...at least for leisure. They don't do anything wrong but they also don't excel in anything. They are pricey and for that they just don't deliver a satisfactory result. It is hard to describe but the words emotionless and sterile best describe what you get for your money. Service is also only average and some of the staff does not seem to be trained to well. Next time we will choose a different hotel, I'm sure. For a business traveller however, who basically just needs everything to function well and who does not spend too much time in the hotel itself, the Hyatt might not be a bad choice.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Maryuk
<Content>The Grand Hyatt - A great experience and a very central hotel We really enjoyed our stay at The Grand Hyatt. Everything was excellent and the staff could not do enough for us. Our room was very nice and extremely well appointed with a very comfortable bed. We chose to upgrade ourselves to the executive lounge and found that this was well worth the money - a beautiful breakfast with lots of choices, coffee, tea, soft drinks and nibbles all day and cocktails and fantastic hor d'ouvres from 5-8pm each night.The pool in the basement has to be seen to be believed and it and all the other facilities were very well used by my husband.The hotel is walking distance from Tiannamen Square and The Forbidden City which was a huge bonus. There are limitless taxis available outside the hotel for other journeys and the doormen will make sure that the driver knows your destination.The concierge service was second to none and gave us fantastic advice when we needed it.Underneath the hotel there is an extensive shopping mall with lots of restaurants and shops. We particularly liked the bakers where we could buy delicious sandwiches to take with us when we went out for the day.All in all it was a great place to stay and it was particularly good to get back to the calm of the hotel in the evenings after the hustle and bustle of Beijing.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JeffandBron
<Content>It's a Foreigner! My girlfriend and I stopped off in Beijing for New Years. We chose the Grand Hyatt for its central location, and 5 star standard. On both counts, the Grand Hyatt could not be faulted.After a chaotic flight from Australia where Qantas managed to lose our luggage (and those of many other passengers), we were warmly greeted by the Hyatt's reception staff, all of whom spoke very good English. They were very helpful in understanding out plight (i.e. no change of clothes, just before New Years Eve, and in -5C temperatures!), and contacted the airport to help secure our belongings on the following day.While we chose not to upgrade the room for an extra $20 per night, our room was large and clean, and the hotel's interior befitted its Grand Hyatt name. The lagoon pool is just surreal, and has to be seen to be believed. We made sure that we had a dip every day.Hotel amenities were what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. The concierge service provided all manner of assistance required, including making restaurant and tour bookings, and writing down your destination in Chinese for the taxi drivers. Keep those cards if you ever get lost in Beijing - they were very helpful.The hotel's location cannot be faulted. It is very close to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square, and right above the Oriental Plaza shopping mall. Despite what others may have had to say about this, it was a saviour for those of us without luggage or appropriate clothing for dining out on New Years Eve.We spent New Years Eve at the Noble Court restaurant within the hotel, and had a lovely dinner. We then gathered at the hotel bar to see who would win the prizes for New Years. Every time a non-Chinese sounding name was drawn by the hostess, the cries of It's a Foreigner! rang throughout the bar - to much mirth from all the Westerners standing around!Our only drawback at the Grand Hyatt was on check-out where we discovered that the breakfast arrangements were not quite what had been expected. Our room rate included breakfast, but we were later to be told that this was only available in the Made In China restaurant. On none of our 4 days there was Made In China open for breakfast, and hotel staff directed us to the Grand Cafe for breakfast, whereupon we voided our inclusive breakfast and were charged each time (at a much higher rate than Made In China). This happened to several other guests as well, and although we managed to negotiate a discount on the breakfasts, it did provide a sour note upon parting.Our advice is therefore to beware at breakfast, but otherwise enjoy yourself to the hilt because it was otherwise a lovely base in the chaos that is 21st Century Beijing.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>wirefree
<Content>Modern hotel in the best location       Bathroom  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>inspdeck
<Content>The place to stay in beijing!       Master bedroom  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Agnetes
<Content>Truly Lovely Hotel We had originally booked another hotel through Hostelworld for A$30 each a night but when we eventually arrived we found that no one at that hotel spoke English, they had no record of our booking and worst of all, because it was nearly 12pm on a freezing cold night, they had no rooms.We are not people who usually stay in a five-star hotel.But the Grand Hyatti was so warm and welcoming after all the problems we had had and the suite was so nice (two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living room and kitchen for A$200 each a night) that we decided to stay there for the whole four days.It is very central being within walking distance of the Forbidden City and the Silk Market. It is also above a giant mall where there are lots of cheap food courts. There is also of another mall at street level with food stalls.The hotel swimming pool is just fabulous. After what had looked like being a disaster, we ended up loving our four days in Beijing,  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>al77059
<Content>Solid Location and Mall This hotel is very modern and centrally located to all of Beijing's major sights. It is also attached to the Oriental Plaza shopping mall which has additional restaurants and is quite upscale. I also ate at the Made in China restaurant recommended by previous reviewers and enjoyed the different cooking stations behind the glass.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>soma90
<Content>Great Grand Hyatt       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cjmPhoenix
<Content>Awesome Hotel, Great Service Stayed in the family suite (2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen, living room) because we have 2 kids and that was the requirement by the hotel. Thoroughly enjoyed the people, hotel and amenities. Everything was excellent. If you have kids, use the pool and play area on the lowest level. Also, hotel is attached to great mall with grocery store. There were always people available to help with any questions.Couple tips: If you book the family package that includes daily gifts for the kids, you may have to call to get those items. The hotel didn't seem to know about those items listed on Hyatt's web-site with the rate. We gave up after the second day. Also, if your rate includes the breakfast, which you better hope it does if you eat at the hotel (appr. $80 for family of 4 per day), you should know that the 15% service charge and tax (about $24 for family of 4) will still show up on your bill.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CyberAynne
<Content>Great Location This hotel was great location and we could easily walk to Tianamen Square and Forbidden City. The concierge patiently hand wrote all our requests for cab drivers, none of which spoke English, so that we could get from place to place. Our room was nice and lobby bright and cheery. Good restaurant on second floor, but pricey for China.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Battley
<Content>Never wanted to leave! I stayed here for 4 nights on a business trip - 3 nights in a suite on the executive floor and my 4th night in a standard room. The quality of this hotel lives up to the initial impression you gain when you first drive up to the impressive fountain and enter the enormous lobby. The service is excellent (all staff speak very good English) and the food is amazing (highly recommend Made in China, the Italian restaurant and the 2nd floor Cafe buffet, all of which you can comfortably dine in alone). If you can, make a reservation for Made in China in advance, as it is very popular. The rooms are modern, tastefully decorated, with comfortable beds and great showers! Interestingly, there is hardly any difference between the bedroom of a suite and a standard room.I had one day to explore Beijing and booked a guided tour via the front desk at 11pm on the night prior to the tour (cost: CNY 460). I'm so glad I did, as the tour was great value and our guide, John, very informative. We saw Tianenmen Square, Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven and Summer Palace, with a stop for lunch (very good Chinese food catering for the Western palate). There were 12 of us on the tour, we were collected at 8.45am and dropped off by the mini-bus at 6pm and didn't have to worry about a thing - perfect if you're unfamiliar with Beijing and have limited time.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>salaun
<Content>wonderful !!!!       la fac de sophie  pekin  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bdsimpson
<Content>Excellent hotel This is an excellent hotel - wonderful staff and service. The basic rooms are small, but adequate for a five-night stay that I had. The bathrooms are well appointed with a large shower and separate bath. Room service is quick and quite respectable, although the menu is a tad limited. Overall a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meklof
<Content>Best hotel in Beijing We stayed for two nights and walked to all major sights - Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square etc.High quality - service, sleeping rooms, bathroom, restuarants.Made in China restaurant has excellent food and you have the shopping mall food court downstairs.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RichRichRich
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Stayed here on business.Located very near the offices of many American tech companies, this is very convenient. It is also attached to a very upscale, very boring (international) shopping mall.The hotel is very nice, with a nice lobby bar. I didn't eat in any of the restaurants. The room was very nice, clean, and completely meet all my expectations from a grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ANTHONYAHYATT
<Content>The Hyatts @ The Hyatt What can we say, from the moment we stepped out of our Limo, we were treated like the Emporer and Empress of China, absolutely magnificent. Our first visit to China, we had the most wonderful time, and  The Hyatt made it for us. What a fabulous Hotel,  Location. It was -5C outside, but brilliant sunshine; we walked and walked, explored this fabulous City, we shall return to 2 our Hotel in 2007 again.Thoroughly recommended to anyone, what service! Anthony  Gloria HYATT Cardiff Wales. United Kingdom  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LvnTvl
<Content>Fabulous Hotel My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights with our 11 year old daughter during our first visit to China. We loved this hotel! The location was wonderful - we loved being able to walk to Wangfujing Street for interesting shopping. The shopping mall that was attached to the hotel was huge, with lots of upscale shops and restaurants (even a very interesting grocery store!) and was nice to be able to wander around in at night when the weather was too cold to go outside. The lobby was spectacular and room was very nice. We were in a deluxe room with separate bedroom and mini kitchen, which gave our daughter a separate room to sleep in (although the rollaway bed was rock hard - she slept on the couch after the first night!) The room was very nicely decorated and bathroom was wonderful - neat feature in the mirror where it doesn't fog up right over the sink so you can see yourself even right after a shower! We were on the Regency Club floor which was well worth it. The breakfast each morning was lovely, the evening hors d'eouvres and cocktails had a huge spread and the service was impeccable! When we wanted to check email they handed us a laptop computer for our use anywhere in the lounge...free of charge.Last but not least, the pool is not to be missed. An entire floor in the basement, you arrive and think you've been transported to the tropics! We had not brought our suits, and worked hard to find some to buy (in November!) because the pool and hot tub were so inviting that we couldn't pass it up! It was a perfect end to the busy days of sightseeing to swim, sit in the hot tub, and drink smoothies in lounge chairs while looking at palm trees and listening to waterfalls!I would highly recomend this hotel for anyone staying in Beijing for any purpose! The people that we met in Beijing were lovely and interesting to talk to, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this hotel and this city.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Jeremyh
<Content>Lovely hotel, friendly staff Having come from a wonderful experience at the Ritz-Carlton in Hong Kong, the Beijing Hyatt had a lot to live up to, and it came pretty close!Check-in was a bit slow and formal, but the rooms were very comfortable, if a little sparsely decorated. The staff throughout the hotel were always friendly, if a little stretched with English. Room service was excellent (particularly the sandwiches!!), and the Club lounge was very pleasant.The pool is huge and somewhat surreal, and the massages in the spa were excellent.While it doesn't quite have the home away from home feel that the HK Ritz-Carlton had, it's a great hotel, and quite a bit cheaper!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DotcomTraveller
<Content>Outstanding hotel This has to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. The staff were impeccable and their level of customer service was second to none. This is a magical hotel. It's in a great location (above a shopping mall with direct access via the hotel lifts and walking distant to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square). The rooms were very nicely decorated and furnished and most importantly , they were very clean and spacious. I know some of the rooms were undergoing rennovation which was good to see as that shows they're commitment to investing in the ongoing upkeep of the hotel. I had access to the executive lounge which offered a free breakfast in the monring and canapes and cocktails in the evening. The quality of the food and drinks was very high and again, the staff in the lounge were incredibly attentive (they reminded me of CIA/FBI agents with their little earpiece mics!). I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone going to Beijing either for business or pleasure or both.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigonias
<Content>Could hardly be any better! This is an excellent hotel. The location is ideal - within 10 min walk to the Forbidden City. The staff is very helpful and organised tours to the Great Wall for us. All the restaurants (jncluidng the 24h Grand Cafe) were top class, which added to the convenience. The staff was very helpful and everyone spoke English. Rooms were clean, quiet and very well serviced, if I have to be really picky, I would say that perhaps the air con / heating could have been slightly more efficient. Definitively recommended and would definitively be my first choice if I went back to Beijing. Note: I booked from the hotel's website direct and found this to be the cheapest way to book a room there.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NYCBeachNuts
<Content>Wow Spectacular hotel. Wonderful service. Well located -- 10 minute walk to T'men Sq. Restaurants in the hotel are wonderful. Attached to a very high end shopping mall. The indoor pool in the basement is great, a tropical paradise. Children would love it (though I was travelling alone for work). Can't wait to come back with my family.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MBenz
<Content>Excellent Hotel with Great Location       The hotel pool  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rescalvo
<Content>great lobby, 4 stars rooms I planned to stay at the Grand Hyatt for 5 nights and I left after the first one. The hotel is great when it comes to the common areas (lobby, live music and a fantastic japanese restaurant) but the rooms (and I checked at least 5 of them) are just good for a 4 start average city hotel in Europe. This is the second time that I have this problem with a Hyatt, the other was in Casablanca. Again, great lobby, disappointing rooms.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	1	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>nyctravelr
<Content>Okay, but not fabulous Stayed for 3 days in October 2006. Hotel is in fantastic location. Easily walk to Forbidden City, etc.- Rooms are okay, nothing special. A little on the small side. Low ceilings make the room seem even smaller. - Service is good, but erratic. I had great experience, found one concierge to be especially helpful. Yet, my colleague had very bad experience (concierge desk couldn't locate restaurant that they previously recommended to me even though he had the name  it was behind the hotel). Once again, finding that's it's pretty par for China, just not a lot of consistency  quality control even at the highest end.- Pool is pretty spectacular, looks like a tropical island. However, not especially peaceful as there are lots of kids running around.- Restaurants are good, just expensive (but that's par for this type of hotel).- Mall underground is very convenient. Clothing/jewelry stores are extremely high end  more expensive than NYC, but food court is wonderfully convenient for snacking. Also, Citibank  HSBC ATM's, as well as full-service grocery store drug store.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JFulton
<Content>Possibly one of the finest properties I have stayed in The property is one of the best I have stayed in. The entry and lobby are stunning, the rooms are modern and very comfortable, the spa is very well equipped, the pool is stunning and the fitness room (or rooms) is better than many fitness clubs. The restaurant serves an amazing buffet breakfast. Everything from bagels, to eggs to prime rib. Also had lunch one day in their cafe. The food was western and pretty good.Location is great, a short walk to Tiananmen Square and only a slightly longer walk to the Forbidden City.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	-1	4	5	

<Author>HDalem
<Content>Liked it.       Nearby gate forbidden city Beijing  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>so_traveller
<Content>Good hotel, great location We stayed in the Grand Hyatt Beijing Oct 8-12. The hotel is very good for the price, but not amazing. The standard room we had was comfortable and clean. The bed was fine - not sure what all the complaints were about. The gym/pool/spa area was very nice. The services (specifically the bell desk) was commendable. The best thing about the hotel I feel is the location. There's a mall below/next to the hotel with good and varied food court. In addition, you can access the subway from there. Also it's walking distance to Wanfujing street via the mall. For those that want to try Quanjude Beijing Duck, there's a branch in Wanfujing - walking distance from the hotel. For those staying longer, there's a laundry service in the mall that is a lot cheaper than the hotel laundry services.We had one negative issue with the front desk. We ate at the food court in the mall beneath the hotel for most of the breakfast - it was only $5 for 2 and delicious (congee, hot soy milk, dumplings). However, the last day we decided to try the buffet. We asked the front desk if the rate included the buffet breakfast and she said yes. When we checked out we found that they charged us $250RMB each for the breakfast. We might have paid for it just to try but didn't appreciate being misled. We didn't really argue much because it would've been fruitless. If your room rate doesn't include the breakfast, it's definitely not worth the $250RMB.Overall, if you can get the room for under $200USD, I think it's worth it.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sabahiya
<Content>Declining On average I spend up to a week staying in this hotel for the last year or so for business. The location and decor are great, but since last year I began to notice a decline in service standard, I believe mostly a result of it success as the place is often overbooked. The standard rooms are already small by Beijing standard, and the last time I checked in I was put next to a room that was under renovation. The noises started to kick in as early as 8am. They are also starting to miss a lot of details - like fruit plate for gold card members, etc,. They do have a good gym and pool, but with new hotels coming up this one will soon lose its attention.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>nntt
<Content>Great Experience We stayed at the Grand Hyatt from Sept 16-20. It is the best hotel in Beijing for its location, service and cleanliness. The lobby is beautiful and the staff are extremely attentive. We booked a room on the club floor, which was worth the extra costs. The room itself was very clean although a bit small. The decor is contemporary . The marble bathroom with its separate shower was nice also. Some people complained about the bed being hard but for us, it was perfect. I'd rather sleep on a firm mattress in a hotel than on a lumpy one. For those debating whether to book at the Peninsula or at the Hyatt (like I was), go with the Hyatt.We were in front of the Peninsula and I was not at all impressed. Their location is not as good either. The Hyatt has very easy access to the main attractions in Beijing. It also has a shopping center connected to the lobby with a very good and inexpensive food court . You can also access the subway from the shopping center to go to the Forbidden City and Tianeman Square for 3 RMB (1 stop), instead of walking (10-15 min).My husband enjoyed the 24h gym-it had a lot of equipment and the staff there was exceptional as well. The pool and hot tubs were incredible just as everyone said.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sinbadpwatson
<Content>Loved it! The Grand Hyatt is a beautiful property located close to Tianamen square and the Forbidden City. It's located a floor or two above a large shopping center (handy as there are banks, drugstores and quick/cheap places to eat). We stayed on the club level which meant check in was in our room (nice touch), we had a separate concierge (albeit not speaking english as well as those in the lobby) and a delicious free breakfast and afternoon drinks.We had the grand suite - a nice bedroom with separate living/work area.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>headingtochina
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! As you have probably heard from other reviewers, this hotel is absolutely wonderful! We got the room for a steal ($150 a night) probably because it was the May Day holiday. Initially we requested a roll-away bed but, upon seeing the quite large double beds, we cancelled the request.Our favorite thing was the staff. We met a visitor who spoke no English and the front desk/concierge staff assisted with translation.The location is the best. Below the hotel is a huge and fun western style upscale mall. Just a short block down the street and we were in my favorite shopping district in Beijing.The only negative was the Hyatt's response to my numerous requests for the address in Mandarin. All of the other hotels on our trip were able to provide their address after one request but the Hyatt never did (two e-mails, one e-mail directly to the property, and one phone call to customer service). This is nice to have when at the airport.Anyway, enjoy the hotel and make sure to allow time for a dip in the pool or a soak in the whirlpool in the dressing room. Trust me, it's worth it!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bve
<Content>Great hotel for families Stayed in this hotel for 6 days in early July and loved it. Service is impeccable, rooms nicely appointed. I had read that the beds were too firm, but I thought they were very comfortable. The pool is incredible- our kids never wanted to leave. Very convenient location.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Baja Rock
<Content>Made in China My wife and I love cruising and we always stay both before and after the cruise to get  the lay of the land. Our cruise was from Beijing (Tianjin is Beijing's port city, about 2 hours away) to Hong Kong. We stayed at 3 different Hyatt's for this trip. The Hyatt Grand Beijing is a World Class Hotel. While most of the reviews I have read on TripAdvisor say that the HGB is a business hotel, it is also a very excellent tourist hotel. The HGB is located within walking distance of many of the important sites n Beijing. It is also located close to the subway which allows you to travel anywhere in the Beijing metroplex. The best part of the HGB is the people - the staff. Everyone in the Concierge level. They treated us like visiting Nobility. The rooms were well appointed and comfortable. The was some construction noise toward the end of our trip but we did not spend much time in our room. The staff apologized for any inconvenience caused by the remodeling that was going on during the day.The food at the HGB was outstanding. The buffet is delightful and the selection was fantastic. The Club Level provided my morning coffee and satisfied my wife's early morning hungers before a day of being a tourist. I want to make a special mention of Johnny Xue who manages Made in China, a presentation kitchen/restaurant, which excels in the fine art of Chinese Cooking. What a treat it was. And if any Hyatt Executives happen to read this review, the young Mr. Massey is an up and comer. I hope you keep him in the Company.If you have a tour guide that is going to pick you up at the Hotel, let the Doormen know. It is helpful if you can give them some information about the car or the guide so they will all him to pick you up. Parking area is a big problem at the HGB.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carla123
<Content>Best hotel in China. This hotel was by far the best we experienced in China. Everything about this hotel was excellent. Check-in was fast and easy.The room we booked was a two bedroom apartment which was spacious and had three TV's, two bathrooms, lounge room, dining table and well appointed kitchen.The housekeeping staff were so efficient, as soon as you left your room it was cleaned perfectly, unlike other hotels where at 4pm when returning from a day out the room is still not cleaned.The breakfast food was very fresh with a large variety. The restaurant also served delicious food a la carte. The Club Oasis was amazing, the pool and gym sensational. The machines were constantly being sterilised as well. Seeing this pool was an experience in itself. The hotel is attached to a mall which has lots of shops both upmarket and local, as well as an excellent food court and restaurants. Excellent hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>xiabai
<Content>True 5 star in the heart of Beijing My family of 5 (with 3 kids) just stayed in this magnificent hotel for several nights and we liked everything at this hotel - room, service, restaurant, location, and oh, the swimming pool specially designed for children (the water depth for the entire pool is 0.5-1.4 meters). My wife thought the bed was a bit hard, but everyone else in the family felt the beds were just fine. The 2-bedroom suite we stayed in was spacious and well equiped - the bathrooms have both 115V and 220V recepticles (which can be used for charging a shaver or other small devices such as a gameboy player) and the work desk comes with two universal recepticles that allow you to directly plug in your notebook computer without any international adaptors. The hotel is connected to an upscale shopping center where you can find restaurants of all kinds including MacDonalds, Dairy Queen, KFC, and bakery shops. A pedestrians-only shopping street and the metro (subway) are just steps away. Everything at this hotel is expensive (an American Breakfast costs about 27 USD, a box of match costs 3 USD), but it's a true 5-star status hotel and it's well worth the money.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but not great We just returned from staying at the Grand Hyatt (May 24th - 27th). I agree with previous reviewers that its highlights are the easy walk to the Forbidden City (about 20 minutes), easy access to the subway (don't be afraid - it's easy to buy tickets and for less than 50 cents you can get to destinations much more quickly than by cab on congested streets - just avoid rush hour), and the good restaurants in the Oriental Plaza. We were in room 1259, which is a one bedroom suite with kitchenette. It was nice having a refrigerator and little living room, but the decor is more like an older US motel from the mid-1980s than a first-class luxury hotel. Fresh flowers in the room are a nice touch. This particular room looks out at more high-rise buildings. The bathroom features a combination tub/shower, and limited counter space. The hair dryer is attached in the bathroom so that's where you dry your hair. No plug available for anything in the bathroom except a shaver. Bedside lamps aren't adjustable for brightness; laundry service charges are about standard for a pricy Beijing or Shanghai hotel - about $6 to $7 for a dress shirt, $5 for a T-shirt. We found the service, from the receptionist to the maids, to be friendly and helpful.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Molecatcher
<Content>Splendid Hotel in wonderful position. Stayed 4 nights here at the end of our China Tour by train and were impressed when we arrived at 8am after an overnight sleeper journey that our room was ready within an hour.We had booked a Club Room and this was well worth the extra. We had a view (albeit hazy) of the Forbidden City which proved to be 15 minutes walk from the hotel, as was Tiananmen Square. Wanfujing shopping street was very conveniently placed just outside Oriental Plaza, a wonderful mix of shops and restaurants. The staff were extremely helpful and booked very good seats for us at the Opera (well worth a visit!). They also were helpful writing out taxi cards for us since none of the taxi drivers read or speak English ! We had one meal in 'Made in China' but found it to be hot and noisy, we could hardly converse. Noble Court was more pleasant but quite expensive; we ate there twice and the food and service were good. The best value for money in a splendid setting is on the lower floor of Oriental Plaza- Crystal Jade Restaurant , where we had a superb Peking Duck ! We would not hesitate to stay at this hotel in the future - it must be the best in Beijing.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mackiernan
<Content>Excellent stay Recently my husband and I, my father and a friend from california stayed at the Hyatt.We had a two-bedroom suite, with a charming small kitchen that I wish we could have used..(.there ARE cooking facilities, but under the amenities tray that holds tea, coffee etc.)We had room 1056, with a lovely view over the old hospital...old tile roofs, garden, very Chinese. My father had 1054, which also had a kitchen tho it was a single room. Breakfast was included, and the buffet is great..everything from pancakes(freshly made) to dim sum. The beds were firm, but to our surprise we slept very well..maybe the Chinese know something we don't. Another nice touch is terry robes or japanese yukatas both available for relaxing.We liked the decor and I am very fussy...the rooms were understated, with photographs of Old China a nice decorative theme. Plenty of room to spread out, have a drink, and gloat over our loot!! I am surprised some previous reviewers have been negative about the food...we had dinner at Noble Court and the duck was fabulous...served with thin chive pancakes, tiny squash flowers and slivered chives. Service was also wonderful.Location is excellent. However, you will need a taxi to get to the markets.In all, highly recommended.By the way, the concierge staff were very helpful to my father who needed flight info and tickets for a domestic journey...everything done quickly, right at the desk.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gaspargonzalez
<Content>Location is biggest plus On business trips I stayed in several Beijing luxury hotels. All experiences were good to great, although being usually located in between the 2nd and 3rd ring road which means a 20 min. taxi drive downtown (if traffic is moderate) and few possibilities for entertainment or siteseeing in the hotel's vicinity. Not a big deal when you're on business. But having chosen Beijing as a one week city trip location with wife and 4 years old child, I was looking for a more central location. Simply for the idea that it is nice to go out for a city center walk early evening. With this preference in mind, there is not much to chose in Beijing. Moreover, if you prefer a perfect quality hotel, there are only 2 options: The Peninsula or the Grand Hyatt. Obviously you pay a clear premium for either one of these hotels, but for leisure travel with a child (or children) it is worth the extra. We chose Hyatt for its spectactular pool facilities and the availability of residence suites. The club Oasis with its huge pool is truely a big plus, both for young and old. And the two bedroom residence suite - 112 m2 - is perfect for a longer stay with more than two persons. The kitchenette is handy for making tea or coffee or heating up small dishes, but don't expect cooking utensils. The two marble bathrooms are very good. And yes, the beds are hard, as everywhere in China. Curious though that in the Hyatt they even seem a bit harder. Luckily you get a choice of several pillows.You'll find interesting promotion rates at the Hyatt website, but if you're planning a stay for more that 1 or 2 days my advice is to call the reservation department in Beijing directly. The rate we got quoted over the phone was even some 30 % lower than on the website. Ask to have breakfast included in your room rate. Paying the buffet breakfast seperately, some 30 euros a person, is exagerrated. The quality is good, but not that superb as is mentioned on this site and in some guidebooks. I think the Grand Hyatt is partly overhyped. The lobby and entrance, well not that spectacular at all. We were somehow dissapointed with the attitude of reception, concierge and bell staff, a bit snobbish, not what I have experienced in similar Chinese hotels. Contrary, the staff at club Oasis is extremely friendly and helpfull. If you go here, enjoy the location. A five minute walk to Wanfujing shopping street with food markets etc; 10 to 15 min. to Tiananmen and Forbidden city, and the spectacular Oriental Plaza mall just under the hotel. The chipcard food court is perfect - you get the best and most varied kind of food for the cheapest fare you can imagine. No need to visit the overpriced hotel restaurants. Forget about the western luxury brands shops in the mall, but it is fun to visit the Sony Explora center and Fabs multimedia shop: if you're hesitant with taking pirate CD and DVD copies to your homecountry, you can find here legal stuff (great international collection) for bargain prices.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Andy Hayler
<Content>The Best in Beijing We had four nights here in May 2006, having checked out of the Peninsula Palace due to the rock-hard beds. The Grand Hyatt was impressive in every way. We stayed in a club floor suite, which gave acces to the tasteful club lounge, with its free snacks and drinks. Internet access here is free, and is MUCH faster than the internet access at the Peninsula Palace hotel.There are several bonuses here. The Noble Court restaurant does very good dim sum, but even better is the Made in China restaurant, which must be easily the bst restaurant in Beijing. I say this since I tried all the other highest rated ones e.g. Courtyard, China Club etc, and the Made in China was in a league apart. Peking duck was remarkable, but so were humbler dishes like hot and sour soup and braised cabbage. This is better than any Chinese food in London, and I speak as a professinal food writer.Also charming is the Red Moon bar, which has live music and has a charmin ambience.The hotel service was impeccable and the room excellent. The basement pool is quite a sight, being beautifully laid out and very large; the gym is also good. The only thing the hotel lacks is a roof terrace for that Beijing rarity, a clear sunny day. I have travelled extensively and would rate this as one of the best hotels I have stayed at.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Longdrive
<Content>The Hyatt is truely Grand We had six nights at the Grand Hyatt in late Feb and we thought that it was a top class hotel in a great location that is central to all the major tourist points. It is one of the few hotels that I could not find anything to complain about which surprised my wife.From the moment you walk into the hotel you feel safe, comfortable and welcomed by the many staff on hand to look after any need that you have. Our room was a decent size and was well furnished with a great view looking out over the front fountain.The food was excellent, we ate at Noble Court, Georgios, Made in China and the breakfast buffet and if you wished to have a light snack, the attached shopping centre had a supermaket and heaps of casual eateries for you.The highlight of the hotel must be the swimming pool complex located on the 3rd underground floor, it is magnificent and just what you need after a hard day of walking, sightseeing or wall climbing.We would recommend the Grand Hyatt to all and if you look around there are great deals available to make the cost of your stay very affordable.And I have just remembered one thing that I didn't like, the bed was too hard for my liking, but that is common in China they keep telling me.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Commerce90
<Content>Great location - a business hotel Recently stayed at GH Beijing as a tourist. Have stayed in the past for business trips as well. Overall, very good experience. Location is excellent for tourists as it is within walking distance (15mins) to Tiananmen Square/Forbidden City and right on a major pedestrian shopping street. Is also connected to large, modern, high-end shopping mall (Oriental Plaza). Hotel seems always very busy with 95% business travelers. Tried one restaurant (Made in China) which was excellent. Concierge was also very helpful. Only real downside were the rooms themselves. Very minimal decoration (not in a boutique hotel sense) and furniture seemed cheap. Rooms also had low ceilings and little window space. I had stayed in a standard room before so upgraded to a suite for this stay, but the room was just more of the same. Having stayed at the St Regis and China World, the Grand Hyatt has a better location, but rooms that are much less appealing.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Carolyn_WA
<Content>Construction Noise I recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing (31 Jan-7 Feb). I was assigned a room on the Club Floor. In the middle of my stay, (4Jan06) construction began immediately overhead and all around me. The paint fumes gave me a headache and the drilling was so loud I could hardly work. It sounded like a jackhammer and several drills at the same time. My room vibrated. After complaining several times to management, I was offered an inferior room with a view of a building. I declined and management finally offered me an upgrade to a quiet area, but assured me that I would not be charged extra for the new room. At checkout, I was charged the higher room rate for EVERY night, not just the nights I spent in the upgraded room. I was extremely disappointed. I feel that I was given an inferior room in the midst of construction and then lied to about the fix. I should never have been assigned a room in the construction zone.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>No1Ma
<Content>Great Property I treated myself and stayed on the 18th floor in the Club Level. Travelled on FF miles so I thought I'd splurge.Concierge service was great; arranged an English speaking guide and driver to take me to the Great Wall. It was a lifelong dream come true.Very businesslike. Hotel definately geared to the business traveller which I was not.Multitude of security type people around the hotel nside and out - discreet but noticeable.The morning breakfasts were very good; service OK - had to ask for coffee almost every morning while most others were asked if they wanted cofee or tea. Free internet available.Nice afternoon tea after a day of walking in freezing temps. Service was very good.Evening snacks w/ liquor was also very good. My room faced north west and got a nice view of Forbidden City area. Bed was HARD; asked fo a mattress pad which didn't help. Room was spacious and comfy like home otherwise.Hotel is in a grear location; could not have been better. Mega mall below ground and pedestrian mall a short walk outside. Subway station also below ground.Overall stay was very good; worth the money??? - probably not but you only live once.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bradletn
<Content>Top stuff for business travellers I have stayed in this hotel 6 times in the past year and a half and really can't fault it for the business traveller.Rooms are lovely, expecially the corner junior suites. The pool and gym are outstanding and the breakfast buffet is wonderful. Staff are generally good at welcoming you back to the hotel and house keeping and room service are efficient. The only let down would be the room service food on some occasions.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>celusnek
<Content>A Sanctuary in the chaos of Beijing Arrived Dec 22 and departed Dec 31, 2005. We pre-arranged to have the hotel send a car/driver for pick up at the airport. We were surprised to find her waiting at the end of the jetway, just after we stepped off the plane! She swept us through immigration, customs, baggage claim and delivered us to the car waiting just outside. We are independent travelers and surely could have managed to find our own way, but even in hindsight we feel it worth the $50.We were using American Express points/vouchers for our stay. We had been a little concerned but for no reason. The check-in was a breeze. I tried to work an upgrade to the Club Level but $75/night is too much for our budget. The final thing the frontdesk told us turned out to be quite valuable; Hyatt Gold Passport Club members are given complimentary continental breakfast in the lobby lounge. Just ask! We enjoyed fresh cappuccinos and delicious pastries every morning.Our standard room overlooked the fountain in the front of the hotel. It was small but adequate. The bed and linens were very comfortable. The marble bathroom was spacious with a tub and a separate shower, plenty of large fluffy towels, and non-brand name amenities. There were two bottles of complimentary drinking water in the room. Additional bottles, as many as you wanted, were a phone call away. Housekeeping was done around noon and then three or four visits in the late afternoon, to check mini-bar, turn-down, or check for wet towels! It was a little annoying when we were napping because of jetlag so we had to put the Do Not Disturb on. Then our naps were disturbed by the renovation efforts. Finally after the third day of near by hammering, I went to the frontdesk to complain. We were promptly moved to a nicer, larger suite on the other side of the building. It was obvious the hotel wants guests to be happy.The frontdesk was very helpful with sightseeing and taxi destination cards. They also gladly change large denomination Yuen currency (100) for smaller, easier to shop currency (10 or 20). They arranged for our tour to the Great Wall.The Grand Hyatt is part of the Oriental Plaza complex with office buildings and an upscale mall. The mall has several dining options, many very low cost. We ate several meals at the mall ood court? It nice to walk to the mall without stepping outside.The swimming pool lives up to the hype! It was a nice retreat from bustling, crowded Beijing.We normally use public transportation to save money from riding Taxis. The taxis are so cheap in Beijing, it just makes sense. The front desk would write our destination in Chinese and English. The doorman writes the taxi license number for you and tells the driver your destination. Remember to keep something to give to another driver when you need to head back. Once we wanted to go to a second stop but did not have it written in Chinese, so we had to go back to the hotel first. All of the drivers were honest and really appreciated the tips we gave. The most expensive ride was from the Summer Palace back to the hotel. The trip there cost 70 CNY but the ride back took less time and cost 99 CNY. Both were metered but I think the ride back was at a higher rate than the usual 1.60. That is the only ad?experience, so we are happy!There are always hotel employees waiting to help you. The hotel is impeccably clean. It a great place to stay in Beijing.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BostonMassachusetts
<Content>Great Location; Nice hotel but can be improved My wife and I spent a few days over the holiday season at this hotel in one of their Grand rooms. The overall experience was between fine to excellent.The hotel staff and their services were great and very attentive. Its location turned out to be the absolute correct choice for us as a convenient location was an important decision factor. The pool was truly spectacular as described in other reviews. This hotel seems to be very security conscious but not intruding at all to the guests.The room was unexpectedly small for a grand room in my opinion. I had stayed at much larger ones in similar room category at other hotels in Beijing. Construction work was being done upstairs during the day-time. I wish I had known that beforehand because I didn't book another hotel for the very same reason. The high-speed internet was very very slow.Room service was good and efficient. The Red Moon's sushi and Noble Court's dim-sum were excellent and they had great ambiance. However, I can't say the same for the Italian Restaurant in the Grand Cafe. But, it wasn't the worst Italian food that I had in a five star hotel. The service at all these restaurants were commendable.I'd stay at this hotel again. It is still on the top of my Beijing list.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JWYeung
<Content>Best location, slightly below the Peninsula       The bed's headboard  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveling Fool 2
<Content>Excellent Hyatt The Grand Hyatt was just as we expected: new, modern, clean, and efficient. The hotel staff all speak perfect English, and they go overboard in accommodating. Whether eating dinner at Made in China for a rushed dinner to make it in time for the acrobatic show or asking a bellman for a box, we found the employees all gave 110%. Security was tight (although our trip was during the same time Pres. Bush was in Beijing), but we certainly didn't object to that. The location couldn't have been better, since the Forbidden City was just a few blocks away. This was a great hotel experience, in every way.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>panch
<Content>wonderful I recently stayed at the Grand Club at the Hyatt. What a place!!Between 5:30- 8PM every night the Grand Club room served cocktails and food-complementary.Must visit Club Oasis. The pool underground is a reproduction of Bali beach. Walking distance to the main sites.Staff speaks good English. Even housekeeping speaks English.Toney atomosphere.Loved it.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Place Stayed here for 5 nights and had just a great time. The pros of the hotel are many - Is right on top of a huge mall with tons of food choices, rooms are clean (although bed is very firm as is the preference for lots of chinese), just a block from Wangfujing street with tons of shopping and people watching. about a good 20 min walk from T-square and forbidden city, and connected to subway.We ate the buffet breakfast since it was part of our package deal, but otherwise i don't know if i would pay $25 pp. We speak fluent chinese so it may be different, but the mall has lots of great eats including this huge food court where you buy a card and put money on it, and can then eat at any of the stations - but may be pretty intimidating for westerners. but otherwise, you can eat a ton of traiditional food for like $7 total. by the way - bring a swimsuit because they have a very impressive pool that others have talked about.great hotel and i think you cannot go wrong booking here. good luck !  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jimmyEbbz
<Content>Made for a lovely beijing vacation Stayed six nights, oct second through eighth.checked in sunday afternoon, the hotel was not full because of national day a chinese weeklong holliday, checkin was very quick and the man who checked us in walked us to our room. My take is that on this holiday many westerners don't travel to china because alot of business shuts down, but my girlfriend and i went as tourists. We booked the smallest room for about one thousand U.S. dollars, but they did upgrade us for free, and we were in a small suite with a small kitchen,dining area,living room with couch,chair and tv,bedroom area...I think it was a queen bed,another tv and a large marble bathroom with stand up shower,and tub.We were in room number 1301, the floor to ceiling windows provided a nice view from the rear of the hotel, we could see a small part of the golden rooftops of the forbidden city, the white dagoba of baihai park and the pavilion at jing shan park. The first night we ate at the Made in China rest. in the hotel, this is a very good restaurant, the peking duck was excelent. We took three private tours booked at the hotels concierge desk car,driver and interpetur, about $140 apiece,well worth it better than a packed tour bus, we also booked the acrobatic show, at night-NOT worth it,theatre was rundown,paid for premium seats, the place was three quarters empty, performance was average, look for a better venue. We walked to the forbidden city and tian men square, 15 minute walk. Wangfujing street one block away, tons of shopping. I must say the staff at the hotel at every level was very friendly and most spoke good english,certainly everyone at the front desk and lobby. We ate the buffet breakfast five days average to good but expensive $25 pp, but not many options,we did have mcdonalds one day. the gym was very nice, good equipment,towels bottled water friendly staff, the pool was five star!!! we were in it three nights, big clean well appointed with a tropical theme and two large hot tubs and mens and womens changing rooms have beautiful lockers,showers,hot tub,sauna and steam room. In summary this hotel helped make our vacation to china excellent, you can't go wrong with the grand hyatt beijing...homerun!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>From_1Canada
<Content>Highly recommended - a truly 5 stars We stayed there during our family vacation just for 2 nights. The hotel were very nice, new, clean and the service were excellent, from front desk, lobby staffs, restaurant staffs to cleaning staffs. All the staffs there speak very good english and very helpful.The room are very clean and good size. The swimming pool are absolutely gorgeous, my kids don't even want to go anywhere else, they were happy just spending their time at the pool. The restaurants and cafes food were execellet. I will definitely recommend that you go for the room with breakfast as it is well worth it.The hotel location is great and the shopping centre that connected to the hotel, very convenient.Although the hotel rate might be higher but I think is very well worth it considering the location, nice clean room and great service.I have been hotel where they charge you a lot but the room, service and cleanliness does not match.WILL DEFINITELY GO BACK!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>exobscurislux
<Content>loved this place! We stayed at the Grand Hyatt as part of a 2 week trip to China. The hotel was simply fantastic from every aspect - the rooms, the fabulous indoor underground oasis pool, the workout room with multiple machines and individual TV screens (a rarity in China) and proximity to shopping, sites, etc. We had a beautiful suite on the club level. The breakfasts were fabulous and the late afternoon hors d'oeuvres with wine or cocktails were enough to substitute for dinner! The staff was simply wonderful. If you can afford it, I strongly recommend the club level floor - it is worth every penny.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kinnik
<Content>The Best in Beijing Superb hotel. Stayed twice, were upgraded both times (poss. as had asked for king-size bed?). Breakfast buffet is wonderful, with german touches. Staff very helpful. Rooms immaculate. Location superb (Forbidden City is just 5 mins walk away). Attached shopping centre is a help too. China can be rough round the ages: having a place like the Hyatt to come back to can make ALL the difference.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pinkdogmb
<Content>Fabulous hotel   showReview(3235773, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shpilkes
<Content>Great hotel, horrendous beds   showReview(2865134, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beijing's Best Location, Best Hotel   showReview(2855091, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel! The spa alone is worth the trip!   showReview(2845123, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lukeaa
<Content>Great Hotel with Really Hard Beds   showReview(2843822, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chinookgeo
<Content>Definitely first class   showReview(2818205, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Htown_Buck
<Content>The Hyatt is a great choice   showReview(2783953, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nojopo
<Content>Great Hotel- Great location   showReview(2783205, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dubaiite
<Content>take it as it is...   showReview(2268871, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a swimming pool!   showReview(2226109, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shankou
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21171324, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(21744780, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Msoleil
<Content>No.1   showReview(20682002, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(20753315, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(20116961, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chiakipenguin
<Content>?#x201d;       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>PAO75
<Content>Trs agrable   showReview(15789270, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eine Oase der Ruhe   showReview(14738050, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19169365, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Grande hotel   showReview(13202312, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19166074, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19165607, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19162214, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19161621, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Luxe  Beijing   showReview(11428015, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19160811, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Conforme  la rputation   showReview(11400742, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19159848, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>GRAND...   showReview(21801497, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(21801462, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19927199, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19925149, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19917337, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

