<Author>samantha_n16
<Content>Overpriced I did a last-minute business trip to NY. Last time I stayed at The Rivington down the road, but fancied staying at the Blue Moon as the reviews seemed positive and I liked that it apparently had character.The price was exactly the same as The Rivington at $525, already an eye-watering New York price.My complaint is that I expect a seriously upmarket hotel experience for that amount of money (I travel a lot with work), even in New York. Rooms were fine, nice even with some careful furnishing with special attendence to the restoration of an old tenement property, but nothing special.I was already thinking this was way overpriced when I went down to breakfast. Lovely fresh bagels but served in the lobby with cream cheese from a packet on plastic plates with plastic knives and forks and coffee in a cardboard cup (coffee was also allowed to sit for too long as I discovered on the first day, urgh). For $525 I expect to at least eat off china, not airplane plastic, also no kitchen so impossible to order anything hot or even a capuccino. I complained to the manager who was perfectly nice and actually quite upset, who said that he very rarely got complaints, only from Europeans! I had to reschedule my breakfast meetings to The Rivington where they have a fantastic breakfast room and serve scrambled eggs! Also he said that rooms were smaller at The Rivington, but actually that was not my experience.If this hotel was $200 I would warmly recommend it, but for $525, I can't. It's little more than an upmarket BB.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>2	1	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>colognato
<Content>charming and great location great place! the location is the draw but the hotel was charming and cosy.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PrivateOne
<Content>Amazing Experience We were absolutely delighted by the charm of the parlor, the decor of the room, and the genuine friendliness of Larry and Andy. I have not stopped raving to everyone I know about the Blue Moon Hotel. Without hesitation, there is no other hotel we'd stay in while in NYC during future visits. Thanks to all there for an incredible experience.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kpcod
<Content>Exceptional Service, Great Atmosphere My husband, 16-year-old son and I stayed at the Blue Moon Hotel for two nights after Christmas.I hadn't been in downtown NYC since I worked there nearly 20 years ago. The Blue Moon Hotel was the perfect location to revisit the area and show our son why we love it so much.Upon our arrival, Larry greeted us warmly and offered us a complimentary glass of wine. We stayed in the Louis Armstrong room. It overlooks Orchard Street and we loved being able to observe the activity below. It really made us feel like a part of the neighborhood, not just visitors. The room was very comfortable and clean. Larry is a wealth of information, whether it be providing directions or detailing the history and renovation of this spectacular property. One truly senses what a labor of love the Blue Moon is for everyone from the owner, Randy to Larry, Bryan and housekeeping. Bryan, who also works at the front desk, is pleasant and very helpful as well.Randy gave us a wonderful restaurant recommendation, Tre, which is a lovely little Italian place on Ludlow. He even went ahead and phoned them to let us know we were coming. As a result, the restaurant gave us a complimentary dessert-a fantastic zepoli with a sinfully delicious cannoli filling.My son is gaining an interest in photographing cityscapes. We had intended to go up to Top of the Rock that evening and told him so. However, the fog made a visit to TOTR impossible. Randy graciously allowed us to enter the beautiful Eddie Cantor Room, so our son could take photos from the spectacular outdoor balcony.Blue Moon Hotel is a very warm, comfortable and welcoming place to explore the Lower East Side. The staff is very friendly and bends over backwards to ensure that your stay is exceptional. What's more, the hotel and its location offer convenience to all the sites and even better, a real feel for what it is like to live in the area. We are already planning a return trip in the Spring. We can't wait to go back and wholeheartedly recommend this hotel for those seeking great service and a true New York experience.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Jonathan_54
<Content>Blue Moon excellent My fiance and I spent 4 nights at the Blue Moon Manhattan in December 2008. Its location in Lr East Side is some way from the main tourist areas of Manhattan but the subway service both uptown and downtown was very good. The area in some ways represents more authentic New York than much of midtown. Manhattan hotels are very expensive but this was better than most, worked out at 鈧?85 per night including tax. This was their most basic level of room but still very spacious with a good size balcony.Breakfast was provided free, unusual in Manhattan though they do not have a restaurant for lunch or dinner. It's a small hotel with just 20 rooms - the upper level ones are fabulous with brilliant views but quite a lot more expensive. The managers are delightful, nothing was too much trouble and we got complimentary wine on arrival. The place had a great feel to it and we will certainly stay there next time we go to New York.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>downtowners
<Content>Lower East Side Gem We passed this hotel by chance last year while exploring the Lower East Side and were intrigued by its charm and character. On this visit, we stayed here for 3 nights and it fully lived up to our expectations.This converted tenement is obviously a labour of love for the owner whose meticulous attention to detail can be seen in every part of the hotel. The design of the spacious room was in keeping with the concept of the building, past and present.Staff were extremely friendly and helpful, especially Larry and Antonella, both a source of invaluable knowledge on the history of the hotel and surrounding area.We specifically wanted to stay in a downtown hotel to escape the usual midtown locations, preferring the feel of LES and the Village etc. However, you can quickly reach any part of the city from here as there are a few subway stops close to the hotel, the easiest being the F train from Delancey.Would definitely stay here again and have no hesitation recommending the Blue Moon Hotel for anyone planning to visit the staple NYC landmarks or those looking to experience Manhattan from a different perspective.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>djmus
<Content>Wonderful experience Why stay anywhere else? I found this little gem by chance back in Nov 2006 and I was immediately impressed. The Blue Moon hotel is like no other hotel in NYC from the location, d茅cor, history to the cleanliness and superb staff this is a must stay. Oh! Let me not forget to mention the great price for a room that is HUGE. This is not one of those places that only posts pictures of the biggest and nicest rooms on their website, all the rooms look like that. I just stayed there for the third time a few weeks ago. Coming from Washington DC I was greeted by Larry (and a glass of wine) who is not only a perfect gentleman put a great resource. He should write a book on customer service. He is truly and asset at the Hotel and I thank him for the great service and awesome dinner suggestions. The night I arrived I ran into Randy the owner. To my surprise he remembered me and welcomed me back. Then he said he was going to check on upgrading my room for the following night. The next day we got back from touring around to find they put us in the penthouse Eddie Cantor room. Words really can鈥檛 describe this room and the view. I could write and write about this place but you will just have to stay there for yourself. Let me just say if you want to get a true sense for this great city this is the place to go. The nightlife is energetic, neighborhood like and very safe and the service makes me think of what it must have been like in and what my parents would refer to as 鈥渢he good ole days鈥?/p>  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Markqwertyuiop
<Content>Great character hotel We didn't know too much about this place before booking, but were delighted when we stayed there. It's stylish, charming and quirky, and even the lower grade room we had booked turned out to be spacious and well equipped. Activity bustles in the lobby which also serves as the breakfast area. Take a window seat and soak up the atmosphere with a very generous continental breakfast. Manager Larry couldn't have been more helpful. He provided us with info and maps for getting about and took the trouble to walk us part way to a restaurant that he recommended close by - one among a number of very under-statedly fashionable bistros and bars in this area.We'll definately return to the Blue Moon. With the dollar/pound exchange rate it's not a cheap option for Brits at the moment., but on leaving we were promised a great discount on our next trip there.Mark  Juliette  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rehokies
<Content>Very Friendly We took a chance and stayed here last weekend due to the proximity to my daughters apartment a block away..... and I'm glad we did. We arrived at 9:30AM, which was well before the normal check in but no problem with Larry at the front desk. Larry looked after us throughout our two night stay and was more than happy to tell the history of the hotel and surrounding area. This is a small property with larger than norm room size for a hotel of this type in New York. Decor was in keeping with the Lower East Side tenement district which made for some intersesting and pleasing viewing. If you like real deli bagels and pastry you will really appreciate what's put out for breakfast each morning. All fresh and local. The Hotel is very clean and we found the entire staff to be friendly and supportive. We had them call us a car to JFK and am pleased to report no upcharge for this service. This was our fourth stay in New York in the last 15 months. All of our previous visits were spent in Midtown, which is about 40 blocks away. I liked the location of the Blue Moon, more of a neighborhood feel versus the touristy Midtown.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alivingspirit
<Content>A secret gem in the midst of the city. After staying at this hotel I must say that it was of the most pleasant and comfortable experiences I've had. I was very impressed by the large size of the room that I stayed in and the warmth and pleasantness of the service. Everything in the hotel is bursting with character, from the colorful art pieces and fascinating artifacts from the late 1920s. Most importantly it was a comfortable and unique experience, one that I would very much like to have again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DutchessNetherlands
<Content>Rooms with personality, very helpful staff I travel frequently for business and this time it was New York. I was very pleased with the beautifully decorated room, the relaxed atmosphere and the very helpful staff.So much better then these hotel chains: it was a memorable place to stay and I will definitely revisit when i'm back in New York.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Mel4Rich
<Content>Great boutique hotel in fab location! We stayed at the Blue Moon Hotel in New York's Lower East Side for five nights from the 21st-26th October 2008 to celebrate our second wedding anniversary. We wanted something different, and we certainly found it at the Blue Moon.The hotel is a converted tenement building and the decor of the hotel is very in-keeping with the era it has tried to re-create - sometimes you feel that you are staying in more of a museum than a hotel! Original artefacts adorn the walls and the lobby and the rooms are fantastic in that respect - lots of characterful wood, tasteful traditional decor, great character bathroom, very comfy bed, etc etc...We booked a 'cozy' room, which has a small balcony, but despite the name we were thrilled to find a large room oozing character - all of the rooms are named after local Lower East Side celebrities (we were in the 'Jimmy Durante' room). Whereas most NY hotel rooms are no bigger than the proverbial shoe box, this hotel boasts to have some of the biggest rooms in New York, and I can believe that.The hotel offers a complimentary continental breakfast in the lobby and this was a great way to start the day - again, many NY hotels are 'room only' so this was another quirk. We enjoyed a leisurely coffee and bagel whilst watching the locals of the area going about their morning business outside the hotel.We found a complimentary bottle of wine in our room with a card wishing us a happy anniversary, which was a lovely touch. The staff at the hotel are all very friendly and will help you with any queries you may have.The best thing about this hotel, however, is its location. The Lower East Side is buzzing with character, as well as lots of lovely restaurants and bars to spend pleasant evenings. The shops are really unique ('Guss' Pickles' less than a block away!!) and the whole area is fantastic for people-watching. This was our first visit to NY, and we spent all day every day walking and sightseeing all over Manhattan, so it was very refreshing to come back to a locals' neighbourhood and just fit in with everyone else. Geographically it's also an ideal base from which to head downtown into the financial district, uptown to the main tourist attractions of Midtown or, our favourite places, across town to the fantastic areas of Soho, Greenwich Village, Chelsea, East Village etc etc...We had a fantastic but tiring time so the Blue Moon and the Lower East Side really felt like a home-from-home for us during our stay. You certainly feel that you are in New York, not some faceless hotel where really you could be anywhere in the world. If you are a like-minded traveller who loves the quirks of life rather than someone who is only impressed by the big smoke, then you will love the Blue Moon and all it has to offer, as we did.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DFNfromSTL
<Content>The Blue Moon Hotel I stumbled onto this hotel through Orbitz and had to check it out on TA. I am not sure how anyone could not be pleased with quality of the room and the phenominal staff. Yes it is a little bit off the beaten path, but what a wonderful experience it was to stay in this unique property. Having traveled extensively on business and leisure to find a property in NYC with this level of service and its large and very confortable rooms was a real surprise. This is not to say it is a bargain as to price, but it is average for New York City. After all the city itself is expensive. I would strongly recommend it to anyone who enjoys small botique hotels in the middle of a city neighborhood with lots going on day and night. Yes, I did see on TA a few folks who were very irate about their stay and treatment, but you can't please everyone everytime. I will defitinitely be staying there the next time I have to go to NY an be downtown.and have already told others about the property. DFN from STL  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schneidsgame
<Content>Fabulous stay Great stay! Everything was great, especially Antonella who recommended a great Italian restaurant. Our bathroom had a view of the Empire state building and was very roomy. This hotel is extremely clean and very quiet. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SaYaay
<Content>Great Hotel We reserved at The Blue Moon knowing little about it -- and what a wonderful surprise we got! The hotel was adorable, immaculate and warm. The staff was first rate and friendly, and our room was perfect.We heartily recommend The Blue Moon for anyone and everyone looking for a charming European style hotel experience in a hip, up  coming New York neighborhood.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>phs5720
<Content>My Blue Moon honeymoon I spent my wedding night and a day at the Blue Moon Hotel in New York City, I had heard that it was a comfortable and friendly hotel. It was much more than that. When I made my reservation I had explained that it would be my first night with my bride. We arrived close to 1 AM and the owner himself greeted us. We were treated like royalty. The staff made themselves available at a moments notice. The first thing I noticed was the view of the Manhattan skyline. We ordered room service and we were attended to very quickly. The beds were very comfortable, the room and the bathroom was impeccably clean. The next morning a wonderful typical New York breakfast was offered with an open hand. We came down late, as can be expected the night after a wedding and the variety and freshness of the food was a pleasant suprise.The owner joked with us and made small talk and really made us feel like we were with family. The staff was so warm and friendly I couldnt believe I was in New York City.Over the years I had heard of New York's Lower east Side. I am a terrible shopper and even I loved going to all the stores in the neighborhhood. We went to the tenement museum and were very touched by the stories and history. Then we went out for lunch, also a plethora of choices greeted us. We then visited a couple of art galeries, did some more shopping in Chinatown which is really closeby. The whole area is so historic and so alive. We were both exhausted when we got back to the Blue Moon hotel. Exhausted but happy. I cant write enough of how wonderful our stay was and of the staff of the Blue Moon hotel. I look forward to going back there on my next trip to NYC. WHo doesnt like being spoiled after all?  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaliforniaBlondi
<Content>AMAZING HOTEL Culture, art and history all in one place! Largest room I had in NY, great service, close to Seaport, SOHO, TRIBECA, East Village and Greenwich Village, i walked everywhere. I recommed it highly.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daisy11969
<Content>Disappointed I was excited to book a room at this hotel for my husband's birthday. I booked a mid priced room -- which was $650 for one night -- expecting that the ammenities would match the price tag. I also asked that since it was a special occasion I would appreciate getting the cutest room they had at that price range. I have stayed in many fine boutique hotels and have always been given the best room available, even if was above the range of the room paid for. I asked if the hotel was sold out and it was not but we just got a run of house room anyway. Well...honestly, the room was just ok. The bed was not comfortable, there were no nice little extra touches. The lighting in the room was bad. In the morning II just wanted to pack and leave as quickly as possible. The staff was very nice and friendly but the breakfast was just bagels and fruit and a few pastries, really inadequate. For the price tag, it should have been much nicer. I will not book here again. I wanted to really love it.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>captainkickass
<Content>MIxed feelings about the Blue Moon My wife and I stayed at the Blue Moon in June for 3 days. Travelling from Australia, this was our third trip to New York in the last 4 years. After reviewing the fantastic feedback on TA I was enthusiastic about staying there. We found the room sizes excellent, and the staff extremely friendly and accomodating. The theme of the hotel however, I believe it is movie stars of the 1930's, leaves a little to be desired. The breakfast, whilst very fresh, was a disappointment, with simply bagels, pastries and some pieces of fruit. I did not feel that this hotel was great value for money and would not stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alandlea
<Content>Fabulous service We had 2 nights in this hotel. Larry and Antonella are a credit to the hotel. They provided great service and hospitality. They were a wealth of information and were so personable and friendly.Hotel is a couple blocks from a subway stop and is ideally situated for sightseeing.The view from the room was incredible.Free internet access is provided in the lobby.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PrimeTimeW
<Content>Great little find! After popping in to see the charming lobby while wandering Orchard Street on a previous visit to NYC about 6 months, spent a nite in this little gem last week and found it a wonderful experience. My room, the Milton Berle, was on the funky side of deluxe but authentic , roomy and homey made up for it. The staff were terrific (especially Antonella, a most personal and helpful concierges; Larry, whose enthusiam for the history and the artifacts makes staying there feel like a privelege). I had the sense of setting up a temporary home there - in a way I've only experienced at BB's and never in the New York Area.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>brie11
<Content>Great Property, But Awful Service My girlfriends and I planned a one-night stay to the Blue Moon Hotel. Upon seeing their Web site and reading a handful of reviews, we were sold. The hotel is beautiful to look at, not like anything you've seen before.We loved our room. The view could have been a little bit nicer; plus we had no idea we'd be sharing the balcony with a neighboring room. That information was conveniently left out upon booking. Even worse, the balcony door didn't lock. Other than that, the room was fine.The problem then came later, or should I say a couple of days later. I checked my bank account (I paid with a debit card), and they charged me about $6,000 instead of the $600 that the room cost. You can imagine my panic. I called the hotel to ask them to reverse the charge -- this is just unacceptable. I was nice at first, it's an honest mistake. The man on the phone told me to call back! Okay, so my panic continues.I call back 30 minutes later to speak to a woman named Shayna, who was very rude. She didn't even apologize for the mistake. The amount was so astronomical, I have no shame telling you that it made my account negative! I was so upset and explained the situation to Shayna (I had negative dollars to my name and it's just not fair, she'd have to fix it as soon as possible). Instead of her kindness and compassion, what I got was rudeness. In fact, she was speaking to someone off the phone, and I heard her call me an irate customer and mocked the fact that I was upset. I was in tears at this point because I absolutely needed my account to be brought back up to the accurate amount in order to buy groceries and pay bills for the month.I asked Shayna if I can speak to her supervisor or someone else at the hotel who can assist me in a nice fashion, and she hung up the phone. I called back and told her that I needed for someone else to help me and she responds, I thought we were done. There's nothing else I can do for you. I've never encountered such poor service before in my life. In my line of work, I've gone to plenty of hotels and I've never received this kind of treatment. While the hotel is nice, the people that work in it (particularly this Shayna woman), not so nice. I will never go to this hotel again, let alone recommend it to any friends, relatives or the public.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>moccasincreek
<Content>A Unique NY Experience We wantied to experience another part of the city and this is a great place to feel more like a local than a tourist. Antonella and Larry aretwo of the best desk -clerks/concierge in town. So helpful with directions and great suggestions on dining. The views on the 5th floor and above seem to be the best. Very relaxing and cozy feel to the hotel. Nicely located to subway stops and easy cab ride to entire downtown area.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>downpour30
<Content>Best boutique in NYC Loved the location. Lower east side blew us away. Very up  coming social scene. The hotel is right next to the subway for a quick ride uptown. The rooms were extremely large for New York standards and also very clean. The atmosphere, despite reviews to the contrary, was extremely quiet and tranquil. The bagels in the morning were delicious. The staff's service was truly impeccable. Larry, Andy, Antonella, and Randy were all excellent hosts! More than anything, they want you to have the best time possible. They are full of great recommendations and always go above and beyond your expectations. The only possible suggestion concerns the beds, which were a bit hard. Would highly recommend! Made a perfect romantic getaway.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OLDMILER
<Content>A Lovely Slice of the Big Apple We loved this charming little hotel, and caught a special low rate. The room was large by NY standards, clean, and was ready in advance of normal check-in. The staff were friendly and helpful, especially Larry, who seemed to be there 24/7. The parking arrangements were only 2 blocks away and very reasonable at $20/24 hour period. The free bagels and fresh OJ were a plus in the morning, but get there by 8:30am before they are all gone. We'd definitely return on our next visit, and repeat guests get a 20% discount. Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PatriciaRoy
<Content>CARING SERVICE The Blue Moon Hotel is a quaint hotel in a great location. It is close to Chinatown, Little Italy and a resonalbe cab fare to Time Square. We had some difficulty with the air conditioning but the kindness, caring and respect received from the manager and staff was overwhelming. They fixed the problem but continued to check that we were okay. Their advice was always available and they tried hard to please the customer. It was a breath of fresh air to have personable care in New York City.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>HaveLawWillTravel
<Content>Fine until the bill came. First, the good. The hotel is very pretty, with a period theme, and nicely situated on the edge of Chinatown and within walking distance of little Italy and the East Village. The staff was very attentive and my stay was very pleasant. Continental breakfast was enjoyable, and the overall atmosphere was very positive. Now, the bad. I travelled on business and booked the hotel for myself and two other guests (in separate rooms) based on the somewhat affordable room rates ($365/night). While we were told that cancellation of our reservation must be made 72-hours in advance, we were not notified that if our stays ended early that we would be charged 100% of the room rentals for the remaining nights. Consequently, when our business concluded early, we were forced to pay an amount roughty 1/3 more than what the cost of the stay should have been. This has not been our experience with large NY hotels that host business travellers. The manager, who was very nice up to that point, refused to compromise, and it is unlikely that we will stay at the hotel again or recommend it to other travelers (in fact, given the personal attention of the manager/owner, based upon this review, we will probably not be invited back to the hotel).  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emma075
<Content>The nicest hotel I've ever stayed at! I stayed in the Burns and Allen room for a week in late July '08, and every single aspect of the hotel and the service exceeded expectation. The room was amazingly spacious, comfortable, and appealingly designed, the staff were wonderful, and all in all it was great value. The Lower East Side neighborhood in which the Blue Moon is located is my favorite part of Manhattan: tourists planning to visit NYC shouldn't be put off by the idea that it's not central, as in fact it's right next to other great areas like SoHo and the Village, and so much more fun, and more peaceful, than staying in faceless, polluted Midtown. I will be recommending this hotel to everyone I know.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Grindavik
<Content>Wonderful hotel Wonderful hotel - full of character and cozy - friendly, competent staff, quiet.The only negative thing I found was that breakfast was served on disposable plate and silverware was plastic.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VirginiaStitcher
<Content>A great place to stay in the Lower East Side We stayed in the Blue Moon during the first week of August and enjoyed the stay. The rooms were tastefully decorated and bigger than what we expected for Manhattan. The noise level wasn't very high even though our room faced the street. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the owner himself, came over and talked to us. We will definitely stay there again if we are in the area.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>adamks
<Content>Great value and location Funky hotel, wonderful location in Lower East Side, quiet street just off Delancey. Fabulous price for NYC. Very friendly staff, delicious bagels for breakfast, old-fashioned rooms with modern bathrooms. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>TravelGurlCheli
<Content>Unique hidden jewel in Manhattan       Room pic  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ridgewy
<Content>Made our Anniversary Memorable My wife and I celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary at the Blue Moon Hotel on the lower east side in new york city on June 19th, 2008. We are from Texas and our usual iteniary starts with a five star hotel in mid-town. This time we tried something different and I'm so glad we did. The staff at this hotel was over the top friendly and made every effort to make our stay unique, custom, and first class. We stayed in the Eddie Cantor suite which was spacious with a double door balcony with a great view of the lower east side and midtown. The hotel artist gave us a tour of the various rooms, and a history of the hotel and it's remodel and local history. The artist and the front desk person, Olga, gave us great suggestions for restaurants/bars/shopping/and entertainment on the lower east side. The coolest thing was when we could not get reservations the hotel staff made a call and got us in VIP style. They were also able to make car and transportation hookups for us. Each night when we go out olga or other staff members would call ahead for us, arrange a car service, and print us detailed maps. This was on of the most unique and local experiences that we have ever had in New York. For the first time we felt less like tourist and more like people from the neiborhood. I can't say enough about Blue Moon. But it is the staff that makes it a memory that we will never forget.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leannet
<Content>Like staying with friends Stayed at the Blue Moon hotel for 2 nights, and loved it. We had spent the 3 nights before that in midtown, at the Royalton hotel. Truth be told, the area that Blue Moon is in is much more 'local', as compared to the area in midtown manhattan, however, the warmth and friendliness of the staff more than made up for it ! The rooms were very clean and very spacious. The breakfast was superb, local delights for the NY visitor to get an idea of the culture of the area : bagels and rugelach from local bakeries dating back 100 years old!! Yummy! They even doggy bagged (ziplocked, actually) some for us to take with us for the day! I would definitely stay there again, especially now that we know the area better. Actually, it is very close to the Soho, Little Italy, Chinatown area, so that would be a plus for anyone wanting to spend more time in those areas. Compared to the cold, and formal staff at other big hotels, this was a lovely change, especially when you're new to the city. Thank you, Blue Moon, for making the last 2 days in NY the best of the whole trip!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>remala
<Content>charming My stay at the blue moon was exceptional. From the rooms to the staff , it was definitely first class. It's not your average NYC hotel, this place exudes charm. So if you're looking for somewhere to stay in NYC whether it's for a weekend or a week this is the place.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kblair1444
<Content>Loved the Blue Moon! I had the great fortune to stay at the Blue Moon Hotel this week and found it a little jewel!It is in the new hip area way downtown Manhattan and it has such a charming atmosphere.The staff (Randy, Andy, Larry) were all fantastic and so welcoming. I couldn't help but feel comfortable and relaxed.The hotel is restored and some beautiful features. I stayed in the Abbott and Costello room.Everything was fresh and clean.There is a cute lounge area in the front which hosted breakfast in the morning. We also had all of the amentities of other hotels, however, they also allowed usage of DVD players in my room and had DVD's for free in the lobby!I highly recommend the Blue Moon.I plan to go back.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lulutchitchi
<Content>swiss experience in nyc great stay in nyc thanks to blue moon hotel with its very friendly staff. fine rooms, very quiet. excellent location in downtown. highly recommandable  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>buffalogeek09
<Content>Just a great place to stay The room was incredibly comfortable. There was a lot of room so it felt more like a studio apartment than a hotel room. The staff was very helpful. They gave an excellent dinner recomendation and were just overall so nice and friendly.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>FurryD
<Content>Five Stars For A Blue Moon Cozie  charming, this hotel welcomes new life to New York. Immediately upon entering into the lobby of this hotel, you feel as though you've traveled somewhere far abroad. Plush beaded pillows give the couches a warmth  comfort, wonderful local artwork give the walls an inspirational glow,  a free glass of wine upon arrival make this a relaxing place to hang out. The rooms put you at ease with their historical  personal warmth. Beautiful faux painted walls, with big nice iron beds, fluffy pillows, a beautiful bathroom  lots of room to unwind. Like a French flat from a forgotten time. The staff consists of all artists, which gives this whole scene a boho-chic appeal as well. It sits in the heart of Orchard Street, which is in the super-lux-hip Lower East Side. Seconds from some really groovy bars, fantastic restaurants, sinful shopping,  much more. We heard that this was unlike any of the other hotels in New York, but now we have seen it for ourselves and will return with pleasure. Hats off to Olga, who recommended Jin a wonderful sushi restaurant to us. She had several other yummy places, but we didn't have enough time to wine  dine ourselves at them all. But, another trip to the Blue Moon means more time to explore and adore.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dennisesEngland
<Content>lovley and friendly hotel my family and i stayed at the blue moon hotel for the new year 2007,and being it was our first time in new york we was not sure what to expect as we had been told conflicting stories of hotels in new york.to our surprise the hotel was very clean and tidy and the hotel staff could not be more helpful,and the room was spacious andtastefully restored to the theme of the hotel of the era it was built.we enjoyed our stay very much and enjoyed talking to the ownerof the hotel and you could see the effort and care taken by the owner to restore this old tenament building into a very quaint and enjoyable place to stay.a very nice enjoyable stay and would definitively stay there again on our return to new york.thanks the dennises  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>altifra
<Content>Delightful weekend! my dad decided to come for the weekend and of course we booked at the bluemoon hotel where we had the pleasure to stay previously, its always a great experience, warmth atmosphere, easy to deal with, great location, and comfortable.le reste es pour des francais qui le lirais et qui se dirons mais pourkoi aller o bluemoon hotel, si vous voulez retrouver l ambience d un hotel du marais sur la place des vosges, ou il y a du jazz qui joue en arriere note, et ou tout es en bois cirer et en couleur chaude. le boutique hotel es l endroit rever pour s echapper de l agression de manahatttan pour vivre une nuit dans une chaude atmosphere...je confirme le bluemoon.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Periaqua
<Content>Great for a cultural experience This was not my typical hotel choice. Manhattan hotels were especially pricey during this particular week, so I chose Blue Moon because the rate was decent and it looked intriguing.Blue Moon is great if you like boutique hotels off the beaten path with something unique to offer.On the plus side: rooms are a decent size by Manhattan standards, period details in the lobby and the room are nice, the owner has embraced the cultural significance of Orchard Street and the Lower East Side. Also, climate control is excellent. I loved have a ceiling fan in the room. Amenities are very good - good toiletries, small but nice TV, solid furnishings.On the room-for-improvement side: While the interior of the hotel was nice and quiet, my room (and that of a colleague) faced Orchard Street and there was a pretty good amount of street noise - sirens, large trucks, etc. - throughout the night. I didn't get the best sleep as a result. For a $450 a night room, I would also expect a slightly higher quality bed, particularly the pillows and sheets. The requirement to leave your room key at the front desk when you leave is a bit odd - kind of hostel-like.So on the whole, an enjoyable stay. But if you are a spa-loving, luxury hotel regular, you might be better off with another choice.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>terpsgirl3
<Content>Great boutique hotel This was a last minute booking, and we were more than pleasantly surprised. We were greeted at check-in with a complimentary glass of wine and a very friendly and knowledgeable young lady. We were given the Ella Fitzgerald room, which was very nicely decorated and had a sitting area which was perfect for enjoying our glass of wine. The bathroom was stocked with Bath and Body Works products, as well as, two toothbrushes and a travel toothpaste (my favorite touch). It was quiet for sleeping and a continental breakfast was provided in the morning. The only shortcoming we found (and this is not under their control) was that the parking garage that they validate for their guests was full, and we needed to walk about 6 blocks back from the one we tracked down a little farther away.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DrCe
<Content>Great stay at the Blue Moon Just returned from a long weekend in New York where we stayed on the Lower East Side in this fantastic boutique hotel. The hotel is a refurbished tenement house where the owner (who was present and very friendly) tried to preserve as much of the original details as possible - marble floors, original tenement doors, tin ceilings...The lobby is quaint and a tad shabby-chic but our room was modern and clean. We (there were 2 of us) had the smallest room in the hotel and it was more than fine size-wise - it even had more floor room than many standard rooms in chain hotels, I would say. And although our room was on the second floor at the front of the building, it was very quiet.My only criticism of the hotel would be the complementary breakfast served in the morning - the coffee and OJ are good but the bagels and pastries might have been fresher and of higher quality.The hotel staff at the front desk were all very friendly, especially Andy who helped set up the coffee and pastries in the morning.The hotel is 5-10 minute walk to Soho and the East Village and it is very close to a subway line.I would definitely stay here again and will recommend it to anyone I encounter who is planning a trip to NYC!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nanastar
<Content>My absolute favorite hotel in New York City Ah, what a breath of fresh air it is to experience such an exquisite little gem that is Blue Moon Hotel! This was my 2nd visit and I鈥檒l probably never stay anywhere else in the city. And usually I'm a bit of a snob staying at the Ritz or Four Seasons, hotels of that caliber. In my opinion though they pale in comparison to what you'll be greeted with the second you pull up to Blue Moon. It is on a quiet street on the lower east side in an area between China Town and Little Italy. It is out of the way of the more touristy areas of the city but to me worth every hair raising second in a cab to get there. It鈥檚 in an historic little bldg inspired by hotels of yesteryear. The proprietor, Randy, is always in the lobby, sitting at a cozy table waiting for guests to arrive and announcing you as you enter. But not in a pretentious manner. It's done in a way of respect and honor that you have chosen his hotel to spend time in.The halls and rooms are decorated with collages of old postcards and artifacts that were found in the basement of the century year old hotel while it was being renovated. Each room is individually dedicated to stars of the 30鈥檚 and 40鈥檚 such as Molly Picon and Mickey Katz. Simply yet elegantly decorated, they have the feel of ones found at fine bed and breakfast establishment. And everything is so clean. Hard to find in any hotel let alone an older one in the city.Randy will enthusiastically tell you about the history of the premises. He warmed my heart while telling us about his desire to 鈥榩reserve the soul of his building'. And you just know while listening to him that he truly means it. The attention to detail and the friendly, welcoming staff add to the ambiance. Fare from local vendors at the complimentary continental breakfast as well as being offered a nice glass of wine before retiring complete the journey.I reluctantly recommend this hotel ONLY because selfish me doesn鈥檛 want this little secret to get out and then have a hard time getting in on my next trip. Rest assured though, Randy told me to call him personally and he鈥檇 find hook me up. Wow鈥ove him, LOVE this hotel!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SCOD
<Content>A Real Gem in the Delightful Lower East Side The Blue Moon Hotel is a beautiful little boutique hotel nestled in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, a very exciting corner of the city. The painstaking process that Randy Settinbrino went through to keep the spirit of the building alive is very obvious as soon as one enters the hotel, with details from the former tenement flats utilised throughout.The free wine upon arrival, free internet acces, free breakfast, DVD library and special parking rates give an added value for no additional cost. The room was very large and spacious, and the bathroom comes with a huge bath, not like the small baths typical of New York hotels.Antonella and all the staff are extrememly helpful and willing to give you help and advice to make your stay in New York memorable.For those tourists visiting the city who think that Midtown is the only area to be in, I would advise you to consider the Lower East Side, as there are many exciting bars, restaurants and boutique shops, with easy access to Little Italy, Chinatown, the Brooklyn Bridge etc. The hotel is just beside the subway too, so you're not too far from the sights and sounds of the rest of the city.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Floridaariel11
<Content>loved it I stayed there with my children. The room was very captivating. It had old world charms. Named after a movie star. With tenanent doors. Colorsof the walls were so pleasant and the room was very large overlooking the Williamsburg Bridge. The service was friendly and engaging and the neighborhood a blast. We loved it!  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Calpurnia75
<Content>We love this little gem We'd stayed here before - it was great then and has only improved. The new complimentary glass of wine - red for my husband, white for me - on our late arrival was deeply appreciated. The hotel is clean, painstakingly restored and well maintained; the staff consistently helpful and charming. Clearly the operation is a labor of love. Our view of The Williamsburg Bridge from the balcony of our 'Duke Ellington - cozy room' was lovely and calming, day and night. Its bathroom has a wonderful deep tub, perfect after our long drive and busy New York day; it even had a place to rest my arms while I read, soaked and unwound. Not noisy at all in our room at the back. Note: If you need to use the wi-fi computer connection, call the desk to get the best access and codes. We were able to log-on both our laptops simultaneously.My grandparents' custom-made clothing store (women's cloaks  suits) had been just down the block, at the corner of Division St  Orchard so it was a short walk to see where it had been. My mother and her sisters had lived on Division Ave in Williamsburg just over the bridge, also very close. The hotel and its celebration of that era extended the feeling that I had 'come home' and was still a part of the neighborhood, despite never having lived there myself. Guests without such ties can visit the Tenement Museum next door to connect with the area and its history.The hotel does have a bit of a BB quality, watching the owners' adorable young children leave for school in the morning, chatting with staff and owner over a light breakfast, so if you like an impersonal anonymous hotel this may not be your cup of tea though all were respectful of my husband's need for privacy. We were in the lobby when a couple (from Ireland, I believe, who'd been there for over a week) came in and thanked Randy effusively for his excellent suggestion for that night's dining and mentioned to us that all his recommendations had been wonderful treats. The night manager was very helpful after I had booked online; he made sure we were able to stay in the room we'd loved during our previous visit and Antonella, an artist in her time off, was as charming and helpful as she'd been during our '07 visit when I celebrated my birthday there. We'll be back!Sura  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cjbuck
<Content>Not worth it I stayed at this hotel for a few days over the bank holiday and was very disappointed, Its an ok hotel but is in no way worth the money that we spent. After the first day we were desperate to move but once checked in if you leave you have to pay the full amount for the rest of your stay so be warned. Read all the small print! The one redeeming factor were the bathrooms which were nice but I will never again go to stay there. Go if you're happy to waste money on something that you should spend at least half of what they ask on.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>esthernyc
<Content>An amazing experienece!! After my Husband had stayed at the Hotel on a business trip he roccomended that I stay there when I came to Manhatten to visit some friends. And I was glad that I did!! The service was extraordinary! The beds were comfortable and the size of the rooms are almost impossible to find in a hotel outside of NY much less in the city itself. The staff was very helpful and friendly and the decor is a work of art in and of itself. The Owner of the Blue Moon has not just created a great hotel, but rather a unique experience that the descerning customer can appreciate.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tonyBoston
<Content>Great Experience This is the 8th time I've stayed at the Blue Moon. The staff is friendly, the owners thoughtful and very appreciative. The rooms are spacious and immaculate. In this era of boutique hotels with tiny overpriced rooms, the Blue Moon is an oasis.I highly recommend staying here. The area is one of the most popular in the city with great restaurants, shops, all within walking distance. Wonderful value in a five star property.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RehabMD
<Content>Best secret in NYC I'm a native New Yorker now living in Ohio. Stayed at this new hotel on Manhattan's trendy Lower East Side for 2 nights. Staff was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about the area. Room was HUGE for the price with a view of historic Orchard Street (off Delancey). Everything was very clean and updated. This is by far the warmest decor I have ever seen. Generous, century-old woodwork -- lovingly restored -- is everywhere. The lobby is a visual feast, leading immediately to a vibrant neighborhood teeming with contrasts of old and new, interesting restaurants, night spots, bargains and trendy upscale shops. A quick walk to Little Italy and Chinatown. When we were knocked out from shopping, the Hotel felt like our home, with friendly help, space to spread out, great shower and firm, comfortable beds. This place is the best secret in NYC.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bicoastalite
<Content>A fabulous hotel in the historic Lower East Side       The James Cagney Room - bathroom  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>phonia33
<Content>The Blue Moon is a Charmer! I travel a lot and usually prefer big hotels - I made an exception for my most recent stay in Manhattan and stayed at the completely charming Blue Moon Hotel on the Lower East Side. This hotel is spotlessly clean, the rooms are large (by NYC standards) and very comfortable, the staff is helpful and friendly. We stayed in one of the smaller rooms and were very pleased - but we noticed the large terraces of the upper floor suites from the outside - so if you can afford it, spring for one of those!  I have to say that my favorite thing was the old fashioned scheme of getting your key from the desk each time you return to your room - it made me feel I was being looked after! We returned to the hotel quite late each evening and believe me it was an oasis of warmth and light on a rainy NY night. It was like stepping into a bygone day when hotels were family owned and the proprietor actually cared whether you enjoyed your stay. When we first arrived, an Irish couple was leaving and said they wished they were staying longer because they loved the Blue Moon so much. I felt exactly the same way - it's my new favorite NYC hotel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thejuddo
<Content>Home From Home In New York City       Empire Stste from our balcony  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ipanemacafe
<Content>Cozy peaceful spot to stay This was the perfect hotel for me. They have done a marvelous job with the building. Amazing details that make it charming. Located in a cozy neighborhood side street.The salon type atmosphere at breakfast was nice too. Delicious NY bagels and coffee and you can visit with the other guests and read the morning paper.Everyone that works there is very kind and helpful.It just had such a nice welcome home feel after a day of running all over the city. It was nice to get away from the sensory overload of Manhattan.I highly recommend.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>scooby71831
<Content>wonderful experience! This hotel is by far one of the most charming i have every stayed in. Step back into a place not only decorated with so much taste, attention to detail, and beauty, but every room, molding, and picture frame tells a story from the Lower East side of the past. A charming escape from the busy New York City life, just moments away from the village and all it has to offer! The staff was wonderful, very attentive, kind and respectful. I love that they had a selection of old DVD's that could be watched on the player in our room. The bed sheets were the nicest and cleanest smelling of any hotel I've ever been in as well, and the free breakfast was a perfect touch! HUGE room, gorgeous balcony with quaint chairs and table, all in all it was the perfect setting for a relaxing weekend of luxury!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cdtBhm
<Content>Lower East Side Loved hotel and area. Much more fun than midtown. Very safe to stroll China Town and Little Italy. Walkable to Brooklyn Bridge.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BlingGirl
<Content>Absolutely LOVED the Blue Moon Hotel in NYC!! We first booked another hotel in NYC (the Howard Johnson) that was so terrible. As soon as we walked into the Blue Moon Hotel, we knew it was just perfect for us. It was a girl trip to NYC. The 4 of us just had a blast. The rooms were unbelievable clean, the beds were soo comfy, bathrrom towels soft  cozy. The trundle bed was so fabulous, I'm looking to purchase one just like it! Amazing views, so much history in the lobby area. And the staff, 100% excellent. Each morning, we had fresh bagels and coffee in the lobby, while chatting with the concierge. And each evening, we never went to our room w/out hanging out in the lobby  talking some more w/the concierge. We even had the pleasure of meeting the owner  his lovely family. I have done a lot of traveling, and stayed in several 5 star Hotels, and this one is at the top of my list. I would suggest it, and will stay at the Blue Moon anytime I visit NYC!!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>garbo3
<Content>A wonderful taste of old world elegence in Modern New York What a surprise to come to cold New York City and be greeted with old world warmth and beauty in a Lower East side location, the wonderful Blue Moon Hotel. It sits in the middle of old New York, with panoramic views of the whole city from the windows, as it was in the 1800's. We had an upper floor room, with large french doors and a balcony. Although it was January, we could not resist standing on the balcony and viewing the city. A great Old New York view. The rooms were larger than any othe New York hotel I have stayed in. The staff, especially the manager, a tall, bespeckaled, literate poet, greeted us as if we were family. The lobby comes out of old Paris or any other european cultural center. The rooms are named for great theater and entertainment personalities of the past, and there are many rare photographs to view in the lobby. We could have spent our whole time in New York in the hotel, and still felt we had an exceptional holiday. The neighborhood is a history lesson, with the warmth that we thought came with old world charm, even if it was a myth. This was the best hotel stay we have had in years. Go for it, you will love the experience.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>familytaggart
<Content>Friendly hotel in New York The 3 of us had 5 great nights at the Blue Moon with a large room (Benny Goodman) and clean bathroom. The bagel breakfast kept us going through the day. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. This is in contrast to the large NY hotels where no one is usually bothered about you. Our only negative comment would be the expensive price but then the Blue Moon is in New York! It would be a good idea to hunt around for deals on the internet or maybe ring the hotel direct to see if they would make a competitive deal. They discount by 20% on repeat visits so they might be flexible if they are not already full! We would happily return  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marceleh
<Content>Loved the ambiance! Really enjoyed staying in a hotel in the middle of the Lower East Side of New York! The owners captured the essence of the history of the neighborhood, with great collages and other era artwork and paraphernalia. Each room (we were in Sophie Tucker), had a unique design. The staff was friendly and went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. Truly a gem.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Josula
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Blue Moon My daughter and I stayed at the Blue Moon for 3 nights, from March 10th-13th. I wanted to try a different location then the usual and I made a great choice. The staff was wonderful. I had dealings with Antonella, Larry and Andy. They all went out of their way to answer any questions, give suggestions and be helpful.I loved my room. Although I had one of the least expensive room in the hotel it was beautiful. Very nice colors, very homey. It was the Tommy Dorsey room.I enjoyed my stay and would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Lost-in-Georgia
<Content>Beautifully Restored Hotel in NY Hotel is beautiful and the owners treat you like mom and dad. There was a problem though with the reservation; I reserved and confirmed two rooms on-line using the Hotel's web site, but their system only booked one room. The Hotel was full and there was panic for a brief time. But the owners worked quickly to arrange a room for my associate in a beautiful Euro hotel two blocks away and even walked us over to book the other room. My room at the Blue Moon was big and expertly restored to match the rest of the hotel. This place is as much a work of art as it is a hotel and I'm sure it gets a lot of repeat business. All in all a pleasant experience. The glass of wine at check in is a very nice touch.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>takenocrap
<Content>Great bijou hotel Writing this review at JFK airport wishing we had a few more nights at the Blue Moon. This Hotel is a beautifully and lovingly restored old tenement building which is such a refreshing change from the usual NYC hotel chains. The staff are welcoming warm and only too pleased to help. The rooms are a good size , individual, cosy, comfortable and romantic. Although not placed in midtown Manhattan there is a subway just around the corner which enables easy (15mins) access to the mid town area. More importantly the local area (Lower East Side) is vibrant at night with restaurants and bars including live music, however the hotel is quiet and free from noise. We travel all around the world and are fortunate to stay in top notch hotels, but this little gem has soul, character, charm and warmth and we shall be recommending it to all our friends.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brett1
<Content>Very Impressed I was looking for a hotel near Bond Street because of a show I had going up in a theatre there. The Blue Moon was in an ideal location and turned out to be a wonderful experience. I stayed in the George Raft room and it was fine -- very clean and surprisingly roomy -- especially by Manhattan standards. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly -- I would definitely stay there again given the opportunity.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GrandTravel
<Content>Found Gem On Trip Advisor If you are like me, you probably use the Internet to search options for hotels in the cities you visit. On short notice, I had to go to New York City, but unfortunately it was Fashion Week. Reasonable rates were hard to find. The only options seemed to be extremely pricey, or those ultra small rooms. I took a chance on the Blue Moon Hotel, and I was extremely pleased. Very clean hotel, good sized rooms, and excellent breakfast choices.For your visit to the Lower East Side, I think you will be very happy with this hotel selection.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Ruby&Cody
<Content>Definitely NOT stay here again... Our family, and I particularly, travel a lot. I am pretty demanding, and don't mind paying top dollars for friendly service, clean, nice rooms. I used to live on Canal and Ludlow and wanted to share the lower east side experience with my partner and children. I was excited when I found Blue Moon on TripAdvisor, which I used for our month-long trip to Italy in 2007. Boy! Was I disappointed. it's way too expensive for a so-so experience. We rented the quintessential penthouse. Nice views. Large room. But no shades on the top windown. The jacuzzi did not work and was accused by the owner that your family probably boke it... Why would we pay $600/night and book your penthouse and break your jacuzzi?! How insulting. Restaurants nearby (Jin, Sticky Rice) were not very good. Nice try but missed. Cafe 88 was fantastic for breakfast. Katz' Deli has melt-in-your-mouth pastrami; fantastic chocolate egg cream, and a super authentic new york experience (a line for meat?)... lunch for 4 came to $100. wow.Next time I'll look at other places to stay. Nice idea. No stars.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>KirbyBethesda
<Content>Wonderful boutique hotel! This boutique hotel is a lovingly restored tenement building that retains its original character while offering the comfort of a high-end hotel. The management was warm, welcoming, and helpful, pointing us to good local restaurants. Located next to the Tenement Museum, the Blue Moon Hotel is in a fascinating, historic neighborhood. We will definitely return!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SwedishSweetheart
<Content>Vintage New York at Its Best! Traveler from Sweden with very high standards - and her husband - were more than pleased! Having travelled both in Europe and the US, we have plenty of hotel experience, and we can honestly say that we never enjoyed a HOTEL this much before! We spent a January weekend at Blue Moon Hotel, and it was a true delight - it is quite a unique place, full of charm and nostalgic New York atmosphere. The Gibson girls, theater posters, and 1920's originals that decorate the walls; the quaint lobby with antique objets trouv茅s and loads of embroidered pillows; the consistent vintage Americana flavor throughout, all have tremendous appeal. And - did we mention that the staff was pleasant, the room was comfortable, the bathroom gleaming, and every inch of the hotel absolutely spanking clean?!As New York nostalgia buffs, we gloried in our complimentary Sunday morning coffee and bagels with cream cheese, reclining on a window seat in the adorable lobby, with Frank Sinatra and Al Jolson crooning softly in the background. It doesn't get much better than that!We also chatted a bit with the owner, who lives on the premises with his young family. He is an artist, who did all the renovations and decorating himself, and his creativity is apparent in every detail. We wish them much success in the future - because we will want to return again, and again...  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rabone
<Content>Loved the Blue Moon Hotel This hotel was first class all the way. Everyone at the Blue Moon, the owner and staff, couldn't have been nicer and more pleasant. They couldn't have been more accommodating and willing to go the extra mile for their guests. The accommodations were utterly beautiful. The food was absolutely fabulous. I recommend this hotel very highly to anyone that needs a hotel on the Lower East Side.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Superpharm
<Content>Why Stay Anywhere Else? Holiday season New York means streets full of shoppers who, if they are visitors, all seem to be staying in closet-sized rooms in Mid-town hotels. The Blue Moon and the Lower East Side is an escape from all that!We stayed 5 nights in the Jimmy Durante room sharing balcony at the rear of the building with Sophie Tucker - the room not the lady. OK, so not a great plus in November but no doubt a bonus in the summer. A huge room for your buck compared to other hotels in NYC with a very comfortable bed, sufficient closet space and plenty of draw space. Everything in the room was clean and well cared for. The hotel wi-fi worked well and the flat screen TV was a great improvement on the older TVs that most other hotels still provide. Kosher beigels and pastries in the lobby each morning, complemented by fresh hot coffee, were always a good way to start the day. The hotel staff were very helpful and the offer of a glass of chilled wine at check-in was a welcome surprise in New York. The opportunity to talk to the owner, who lives in the property, as he took his children and his two dogs to local school in the morning was a bonus: he left the kids at school and brought the dogs back later.The nearest subway station is a couple or three blocks away making travel to the rest of NYC very simple - even for tourists. Brooklyn is just a few stops away so you can see first run movies for $11 a ticket at the Brooklyn Academy of Music (BAM) rather than the $25 charged to tourists in movie theaters around Times Square. Great places to eat nearby. The Noah's Ark on Grand Street offers authentic deli food as does Katz's on East Houston. Further west along East Houston is Russ and Daughters with the best selection of fresh cut herrings and smoked fish in New York and a newly opened Wholefoods store if you want to buy in your own food. Guss' on Orchard Street just across from the hotel or the Pickle Guys on Essex Street still sell pickles straight from the now plastic 'barrel' with the offer of a taste before you buy. Tell me any food store that does that nowadays. And a glut of Chinese, Thai and Vietnamese, Italian and American eateries everywhere else in the area with local people eating in them.We are back in New York next year: our friends have asked us where we will be staying. The Blue Moon of course!!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SmilerRotherham
<Content>Hotel with a difference. Date 26.11.07 Stuart and Julie on a 25th wedding anniversary. The hotel is a converted tenement on the Lower East Side of  Manhatten. Many of the original features have been kept and some recreated. The rooms vary in size but even the smallest is  very spacious, very clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was perfectly adequate with a deep bath and shower. The area was once dangerous for tourists but is now very safe  with many varieties of bars and restuarants in the area. The nearest subway station is approx 150 yards away, giving  excellent access to all the cities attractions. All in all an excellent place stay if you want to sample  an alternative to the usual say in Midtown.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>c090jcp
<Content>Delightful...and CLEAN! Having recently recovered from breast cancer treatment I was looking forward to my roadtrip from Mobile Alabama to Redding CT. I picked up my best friend, Sue, in Baltimore and we drove from there to NYC...and the BEAUTIFUL Blue Moon hotel. The hotel has been exquisitely and lovingly renovated by the hotel's owner, Randy. Sue and I both were very impressed with the pure cleanliness of the huge room and luxurious bath. We were in the Sophie Tucker room (all rooms are named after 1920s  30s vaudeville stars) and it was perfect for two friends. The daybed was much more comfortable than a pull out sofa and with its high back and ends Sue and I both felt like we had our own space and privacy when it was time to go to bed.The people who work at the Blue Moon were wonderfully sweet and helpful. In fact, it was my initial phone conversation with (manager?) Antonella, that got me exctied about the hotel and made my decision to stay two nights insted of just one. I am so glad I did. Thank you, Antonella (or Roma as I called you!)Stay at the Blue Moon next time you're in NYC - you won't be sorry!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chaim82
<Content>The greatest location and hotel in NYC let's see...the service was so good I didn't want to leave the place....I actually felt I was home (other hotels I don't feel that way) the front desk lady was very polite (olga...I think) and the rest of the management...I suggest to any historic seekers to come by there...the place is an attraction in the middle of the Lower East Side.one more special thanks is to the owner Randy Settenbrino who would do anything for his guests and guide them about everything around the area  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>texas09
<Content>Don't Book this hotel I stayed at this hotel in the spring. The hotel did not meet expectations, and when I tried to leave early, management was rude to my family. Hotel would not honor its cancellation policy. Worst hotel experience in 30 years of travel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	4	1	1	2	

<Author>rebeccataigar
<Content>Lovely I love this hotel, my husband and I stay there everytime we go to New York. The staff is so friendly and the rooms are unique and comfortable (perhaps the roomiest I've had in NYC).Plus it is so nice to stay on the Lower East side, away from all of the tourists and traffic of Midtown.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mac76
<Content>So friendly! Had only 2 nights in NY ! My friend  I were treated like royalty from the moment we arrived! Stayed in the Benny Goodman suite! Only my second trip to NYC, however the staff freely offered many wonderful recommendations for lunch, dinner, drinks, and NY experiences and all the directions necessary!! Each idea turned out to be a real treat! The hotel is cosy and friendly, the rooms spotless and comfortable and every aspect shows how much love has been put into its development! Congratulations Blue Moon. Another very satisfied and hopefully soon-to-be repeat customer and friend! Thank you!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sportygus
<Content>We loved the Blue Moon Hotel! Our stay at the Blue Moon was a highlight of New York City! The small number of rooms and welcoming lobby allowed frequent interaction with the hotel staff who were the epitome of excellent service. The concierge took personal interest in us and our needs, answering a multitude of questions regarding directions, restaurants, and what to see during our short stay. Talking with her was like having an insider's view of the city and all her recommendations were used and thoroughly enjoyed. The historic aspects of the hotel itself were charming, and I was extremely appreciative of the impeccable cleanliness. I fully plan on staying again at the Blue Moon as soon as I get another chance! Thank you Antonella and the rest of your excellent staff!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bloomwin
<Content>Great cancellation policy We really couldn't wait to stay with the Blue Moon... unfortunately, our parents took ill just 2 and a half days before the date of arrival and a quick call to the manager Larry... he said no problem We will receive a complete refund because we called within 48 hrs... wow what a relief... we can't wait to try our stay another time.... thanks Larry... The Bloom's  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deerfieldmark
<Content>Unique and worthwhile Our stay was enjoyable and, subject to a few reservations, we would recommend it. First, the pluses. The hotel has been painstakingly and lovingly renovated and the experience of staying there is, from a historical point of view, at least as interesting as the visit to the tenement museum located directly across the street (which I would highly recommend). Staying at the hotel really feels like staying at a very pleasant museum, down to the period music which was being piped into the lobby.The rooms are spacious. The quality of the bed, linens, bathroom fixtures, physical amenities, etc. are in line with New York hotels costing much more per night. Continental breakfast was rather pedestrian, and quantities were limited but, hey, this is New York City, and if you'd rather pay $35 for a bountiful breakfast in a mid-town hotel, be my guest. I'll take the complimentary breakfast any day.  The proprietor of the hotel is a courteous and accommodating host. When we had a small issue on check-in in arranging to have two rooms (our entire family of four visited the hotel) on the same floor, he managed to work it out for us and presented us with a complimentary bottle of wine (Kosher, I might add) for the very slight inconvenience.  The minuses: There is not much, really, to say, other than if you are looking for an urban experience, you'll find it here. If not, stay elsewhere. Yes, the ambient noise from the surrounding street is in line with what you would expect from a neighborhood which is still a very authentic one. Think of what you would experience if you visited a small hotel on a lively street in an old building in Paris, and you'll get the picture. If you're not up for that kind of experience, then stay away. If you're more interested in that kind of adventure, then this is more for you.  Likewise, the area itself (hardly the hotel's fault) is quite a distance from any of the touristy parts of town. You will spend a fair amount of time in taxis or on the subway and, for that reason alone, our next visit to New York might be spent somewhere else but, all in all, it was well worth the price and made for a very worthwhile and interesting visit.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>call_me_a_cab
<Content>They have the potential, but they miss to the point of infuriation       Williamsburg Bridge from Marx Bros. terrace  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	2	1	3	

<Author>World_Hiker_Dallas
<Content>Noisy, Bad Neighborhood  We normally would concur with the many reviews here and say that you wouldn't go wrong with the Blue Moon. Certainly the lobby is new, the rooms are new, beds firm with new showers. Then it is time to sleep and you wonder -- where is this noise coming from? First it is the garbage truck, then the Sysco restaurant food delivery, the oil delivery and by 6 a.m. you are wondering why you didn't get a wink of sleep! Then the doors start slamming -- the key system requires you to slam the door. The problem is the hotel is right on a street that has 4-6 restaurants and the deliveries come early -- I mean very early. It is just awful on a Monday a.m. We were on the 3rd floor in the Ella Fitzgerald room facing Orchard Street.When we approach the desk clerk in the a.m., he agreed to move us to a quieter room in the back. We got back to our room at night and nope, they decided not to move us! The owner came out and said it was our fault making the request of a night manager vs. a day manager. Huh? He then walked away with no response. Tough luck, he mumbled -- unless you want to upgrade, that is the only room we have. So here we are with another night ready for all the noise coming right through the uninsulated front windows and the slamming doors. I can't wait to check out!!!If you don't mind sleeping a wink, this place is great. And bring your earplugs unless you are stone deaf!!!!And by the way, the pillows are cheap, the shower won't drain, the shower is set too high so you will bump your knees, and the flat screen tvs are no bigger than a picture on my wall -- a joke, really. The breakfast is stale bagels, day old pastries and Tang. The front door is locked after 9 p.m. and all the restaurants in the neighborhood have bars on the windows -- let's just say, this is not the safest neighborhood in NY City. I felt safe, but you won't.Bottomline, you can do better.....much better.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>mdavenport
<Content>Quirky, but nice Quirky experience--more like an inn than a hotel. They try to play up the 1920s New York feel, to general success. Rooms are simple and nice. Antique furniture, such as wire framed beds, is a good touch. Bathrooms are clean and reasonably designed. Location gives you direct access to the lower east side and areas of chinatown that you might not experience otherwise. Not near the city's hotspots, but near some interesting pieces real-life New York (and historic New York). Easy access to the Lower East Side nightlife. Not too far from East Village.A bit pricey for what it is--I waited for it to go on sale (certainly not going to spend $700, which is rack rate)  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>cmachara
<Content>Unique experieince at the Blue Moon A truly unique experience. Beautifully refurbished, historical hotel.A great deal, considering it was only priced a few dollars more than the Howard Johnson down the road. A four-star hotel for just a few bucks more than a two star hotel? 300 thread count sheets, huge rooms, what a deal!But it is also a historical experience, starting from entering the lobby.Right next to the Tenement Museum.The owner gave us a tour and explained how the buiding was a time capsule, boarded up since the thirties. When they opened it up to refurbish they found many treasures which they kept and included in the decoration--fascinating.On the walls were the doors to the coal ovens in each tenement apartment, the tiles above the hearth line the lobby. Old cards, invitations, and newspapers from when the building was a printing shop were framed in collages on the wall. Medicine bottles, pill boxes, and other found treasures are part of the interior decoration.The owner is an artist, commited to the preservation of the past. How many people would take the time and effort to explore and preserve such a historic site?Finally, you can tell the attention given from guests just by looking at the reviews and seeing the manegment's response. Almost all have a response!Skip Times Square Hotels, and stay on the Lower East Side for a unique, historical, comfortable, experience.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>animike
<Content>A Home Away from Home in the Lower East Side The Blue Moon may not have all the luxury extras, but the hotel is gorgeous, the rooms spacious and clean, and the location and charm can't be beat. Some friends stayed further uptown in a more posh establishment, and had nothing but complaints. I'd live in the Blue Moon if I could afford to!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Anniversary_7
<Content>We can't wait to come back We had a fantastic stay at the Blue Moon Hotel. This was our first visit to New York and we wanted to stay in a small boutique hotel. The Blue Moon was everything we hoped it would be, helpful friendly staff, spotlessly clean, wonderfully eccentric. The Lower East Side may be a little ordinary during the day but at night it comes alive, terrific restaurants and bars. We loved New York and staying at the Blue Moon enhanced our adventure.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mafra1608
<Content>Great atmosphere in NYC This is the place to go to if you want to stay away from the conventional huge/amenity packed hotels where the service may reach excellence but the atmosphere is something you can just dream of.The room names ( mine was  Tommy Dorsey  ) gives already an idea about the age that inspired the renovation of this nice little building in 100 Orchard street, where original pieces found in the basement during the works have been reallocated all over the hotel. Courtesy at reception, basic but nicely arranged breakfast buffet in the little entrance hall and spacious rooms made my stay really enjoyable.Original room doors, restored to perfection, have original locks, that you need to get used to for leaving or getting back into your room, but that's part of the game....  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Wildeep
<Content>A most enjoyable stay We very much enjoyed our stay at the Blue Moon Hotel. The proprietors were lovely, and very proud of their property, which is beautifully maintained and very clean. They were extremely helpful and pleasant, and full of recommendations for current attractions in the New York area. The rooms are comfortable, and quite large - such a pleasure in New York. The breakfast of fresh fruit, bagels, and lovely Jewish pastries was tasty and very filling. Our only critique was that we would have loved a couple of additional bathtowels but we will certainly stay again!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	3	4	5	

<Author>ssross
<Content>Lower East Side Genealogy I decided to do some family genealogy and take a tour of the Tenement Museum on Orchard Street. When I heard about the Blue Moon Hotel and its historical interest, I thought it would be a wonderful experience to stay in the neighborhood where my greatgrandparents spent many years of their life. The Blue Moon Hotel was worth every penny. The service was excellent and my room was overly comfortable. It is quite obvious that the owners of this unique hotel spent countless hours and capital in differentiating the Blue Moon Hotel from its peers. It reminds me of the setting of a European hotel. For those who want to visit the Lower East Side, I would highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LL-33
<Content>Total incompetence The staff at this hotel all of the way up the manager are totally, totally incompetent, definitely stay away! My initial reservation was totally botched by someone who sounded like a teenager answering the phones. Then when I called to cancel my reservation I discovered that the mistake had never been fixed. Even worse yet, despite cancelling, my credit card was still billed and after 6 calls and several e-mails to the hotel, including Leah the manager I was never responded to!! I have never never had an experience like this at any hotel in my life!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rzfrank
<Content>A Charming Hotel in a Historic Neighborhood. The Blue Moon Hotel in New York City, a renovated tenement building, was referred to us by friends as a must. It is on the lower east side of New York an old, old neighborhood known for its immigrant population at the turn of the 20th century. We had been to the east side quite a while back and were astonished at it's revival and vibrancy.The Blue Moon lobby is entrancing. Not only is it welcoming it is tastefully furnished and contains items found during the renovation of this original tenement building.such as a coal oven and stove, a Coca-Cola ice box complete with bottle opener. Magnificent marble floors which inlcude some of the tiles found throughout the oldtenement... The room we were given was The Milton Berle room. All rooms are named after vaudeville stars including Fannie Bryce, Eddie Cantor, Sophie Tucker.  We were amazed at the size of the room. Much larger than anyroom we have ever stayed in in New York. It could easily sleep four and had a table and two armchairs. There was also a refrigerator stocked with dri nks next to a very convenient sink.. There were two dressers, one of which was tall and included a desk that opened. The oldtime closet was roomy. It contained an ironing board and iron and a safe. The windows were huge. We were told they were the original windows with the original wooden frame.and could actually beopened! It was not noisy at all during the day, as it often is midtown and at night it was so quiet it was like being in the country. The shower/bathtub in the bathroom actually had a door, making it much more comfortable than a shower curtains. It was mticulously clean, as was the room and hallways. Having large soap bars, shower gel, toothbrushes and toothpaste was a nice touch.A more than continental breakfast is available to all guests whichincludes bagels, bialys, cream cheeses, rugelach, pastries, freshly squeezed orange juice, freshly brewed coffee and tea. After such a breakfast, our next meal was around dinner time. Just being in this guest friendly historical building was a definite plus for our trip. We look forward to our next trip when they will have a kosherrestaurant that they are in the process of adding on the premises.Rosita FinkShaulzon24@yahoo.com  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>babz842
<Content>Wonderful nights at the Blue Moon The service that we recieved from the staff there was excellent. The beauty of the hotel and the rooms really made the stay wonderful. Being it my first time to NY the staff was very helpful in suggestions and directions around town. The all over experience of the stay at the Blue Moon was wonderful and I know we will be back in no time to visit.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pom48
<Content>Special, one-of-a-kind experience! Stay at the Blue Moon if you're interested in warmth, graciousness, and hospitality. We recently stayed one night at this charming 22 room hotel and can't wait to have an opportunity to return. The rooms were large and extremely clean and the ambience was delightful. We were looking for something out of the ordinary and the Blue Moon didn't disappoint. It's truly unique in a city full of the same old run of the mill hotel chains.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>estoppel76
<Content>Character, Beauty, and Charm I have stayed in my share of New York hotel rooms, and I can honestly say that the Blue Moon Hotel on the Lower East Side was the best one yet. It was amazing to find such a comfortable and homey ambiance in a city hotel. The staff was exceptionally polite and friendly to a fault, and the Frank Sinatra room was not just comfortable; it was beautiful. A far cry from the cookie-cutter rooms you see at most of the hotels in the city. But don't let the quaint atmosphere fool you - this hotel had all 21st century amenities including wireless internet access and flat screen televisions. As a traveling clergyman, I find location to be at least as important as quality, and the Blue Moon delivers. This hotel is perfectly suited to all the neighborhoods in the Lower East Side and downtown Manhattan and a short walk from New York's famous subway system. In short, if you're just looking for a place to lay your head at nights while in NYC, the Blue Moon Hotel is more than adequate. But if you're looking for your hotel to be a part of your New York experience, a memorable hotel with character, beauty and charm (as well as exceptional comfort), the Blue Moon Hotel is the only place you need to go.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jet2Toronto
<Content>A bit of Europe in NY A great little European style hotel in a big city. Have stayed in similarly priced hotels in NY before and none compare to the hospitality, the spacious, spotless room (I was in the one of the smallest too!) and the quiet (I was facing the street.) Would highly recommend for those seeking unique.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CAROhio
<Content>The Blue Moon is a Gem The Blue Moon Hotel on New York's Lower East Side is truly charming. The Hotel is a meticulously renovated tenement building.The rooms are very large for New York-- nicely decorated and immaculately clean. The technology is up to date, with internet access and flat screen TV. I have stayed there twice, and both of my rooms (the lowest priced) overlooked Orchard Street. The neighborhood atmosphere is unlike any I have experienced in a New York hotel. It is an easy walk to the East Village, Chinatown, SoHo and Little Italy. Everything else is only a slightly longer walk or a short taxi or subway ride away. I stayed at the Blue Moon the first time because it was near the theaters and other activities I had planned. The second time, I returned because I liked the hotel so much. The old fashioned practice of leaving your key at the front desk when you step out (and the fact that the front desk is staffed 24 hours) made me feel very safe. The Blue Moon is very unique-- like an old time inn, but with the modern conveniences. It would be a pleasure to stay at such a place in any city, but the fact that it is in an historic New York neighborhood makes it extra special.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>St_Lucia_Bride
<Content>Quaint, charming boutique hotel I stayed one night at the Blue Moon when I was in New York for a business trip. I absolutely loved it. I plan to stay there again whenever I'm back in the city, for work or pleasure.The entire hotel is simply lovely and my room, the Ella Fitzgerald, was so much more satisfying than any other hotel I've stayed in in New York. It was clean, comfortable and tastefully decorated. I am used to shoebox-sized rooms in NYC and this was definitely bigger than most. I loved the free wireless Internet in the rooms as well.My room had a fridge, coffeemaker and a flat-screen television. I loved the antique desk, wrought-iron bed, the warm coloring on the walls and the cool light fixtures. Bathroom was large and well-stocked with the essentials.The staff were so friendly and colorful. I wished I'd have had more time to chat with everyone I encountered. I'm no country-bumpkin, but New Yorkers make me nervous - except for the folks at the Blue Moon. Perhaps I've stayed in too many of those painfully hip hotels and have been scarred by them? I highly recommend that folks take time to check out the antiques and the paintings in the lobby. Beautiful. I felt like I was walking back in time. There was a lot of love put into the hotel, and a lot of respect given to its history.I read some other reviews about noise and I will say that there was quite a bit of street noise that rose up in the early hours, but, um, it's New York. City. I remembered thinking of Frank Sinatra as I pulled the pillow over my head and appreciated the fact that it is, in fact, a city that never sleeps.I'll definitely be back and have already recommended it to others.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cognitive_Guru
<Content>Inspired by the Blue Moon Hotel Thoughtfully, tastefully and authentically restored to its 19th-century ambience, The Blue Moon Hotel provides a wonderful oasis conveniently located in downtown Manhattan. All the woodwork, accessories, furniture and even the decorative tin ceilings in the elevator have been restored by hand, allowing even the casual visitor to step back in time and be an aristocrat for an evening. Within easy walking distance of several restaurants and the subway, the Blue Moon Hotel provides great accommodations at a great price--particularly for New York City!I was even pleasantly surprised by the continental breakfast items, available gratis round-the-clock, including fresh fruit; assorted muffins, bagels, rolls, croissants  bread. Even in New York, where almost everything is impressive, you're sure to be inspired by this urban gem.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phil.cowan
<Content>Cookie but cool Well what to say? On arrival we checked in with the very personable night porter. We were given keys to the Ella Fitzgerald room which we duly made our way to. On opening the door the initial reaction was wow! however this was shortly followed by the realisation that somebody else already occupied this room! On reporting this we were duly upgraded to the John Garfield room which was slightly larger, however the difference in room was a balcony. Not much use in New York in February!! The next morning we contacted check in to see if we would be moved to the original room or to stay were we were. The result of this was a 'Double Upgrade' to the Abbot  Costello room. This time there was no visible sign of an upgrade apart from the assumption that anybody in a 'Comfort' room only drinks decaf. This is the first time I have been 'Double Upgraded' and found the first room the most impressive! Other than the room issues the stay was very pleasant. the rooms (all three) were very pleasant. everything you would expect from a hotel; tea/coffee facilities, iron, safe cable, etc... The hotel is perfectly presented, clean, comfortable and very picturesque with a very laid back attitude. The staff although slightly cookie were very friendly. Wise lunch reccommendations (Bar 89, Lucky Strike) and stay away spots (Times Square) are worth heeding. Definitely a good place for tourists who want to taste a bit more of the authentic New York rather than TGI's and the Hard Rock.Overall well worth a visit and would definitely stay again  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jshtravel
<Content>I stayed the weekend at a boutique hotel that gave me a room like an apartment When I travel I usually like to find a hotel with character, not just a place to get a good night's sleep. I'm impressed with the Blue Moon because it wasn't just built from a business plan designed to maximize profits from X amount of square feet. This is an impressive boutique hotel and a welcome addition to Manhattan. My room - and I got to see some of the other 22 rooms during my two-night stay - was really large. It had its own bedroom area, mahogany furniture, a bathroom with a great shower, and a view from the windows - huge windows! - that allowed me to look over the rooftops of the Lower East Side buildings and see New York, both during the daylight hours and at night. If I was making a movie, this would be on my list of locations.I spent time speaking with the owners. The story of how they restored an older NYC tenement building (the Tenement Museum, in fact, is right across the street) with authentic detail from the building and from the period, and then added original artistic treatments, is a tale of love and total commitment to a project. Sit in the cozy lobby and you'll see people on the street peek in through the windows and then walk in to ask about this special hotel on Orchard Street. There are travelers from abroad who have discovered the Blue Moon and I heard one almost promise he'd be back with his wife. Great stay and I wish them lots of luck. When they open the restaurant I'll be one of the first customers.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saltyjoe
<Content>loved our stay We just returned from a visit to the Lower East Side where we stayed at this charming hotel. It's a very warm, small, friendly, old-fashioned hotel located in an old tenement building next door to the Tenement Museum. I happen to love this area and am fascinated by the history of the neighborhood, so that helps.  But notwithstanding my predisposition to love the Blue Moon for its history and quaintness, everything about the hotel was great. We had a very comfortable room, nicely decorated, and an attractive, bright, clean, new bathroom.  The staff were so friendly! They always greeted us with smiles and remembered who we were in all our comings and goings; asked about where we were from, talked about the neighborhood, offered us coffee and tea and kosher baked goods from local bakeries. The hotel was very convenient for our needs over Fri. and Sat. You might want to ask about their plans for Fri. night and Sat. meals, something coming up in the near future. I can't wait till our next visit!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rosieNY
<Content>Great location! The Blue Moon Hotel is located in the now trendy Lower East Side right next door to the Tenement Museum and a step away from everything. I went shopping on Orchard Street, walked to Chinatown and Little Italy. This is a hotel with an incredible personality. The outside is stunning, and after walking into the hotel, I immediately felt calm and relaxed in the beautiful lobby. The owner is an artist who paid meticulous attention to the d茅cor with some of his own paintings adorning the walls. I was thrilled with the accommodations; my room was exceptionally beautiful, comfy, clean and new. Did I mention NEW? Everything was brand new- bed, blanket, pillows, dressers, fixtures, coffee pot, fridge and flat screen TV (Monk would be proud)! The bathroom sparkled and came equipped with a deep tub which I soaked in after my day of shopping. This is one of the few hotels I felt confident enough to lay down on the carpeted floor sans towel to do my yoga poses. The temperature was easy to control and I kept it nice and toasty. I heard that a wedding party was coming in on my second night there and was bracing myself for the festive partying, but to my surprise, no noise鈥?nada, not a sound, slept like a log and I am a very light sleeper. Great breakfast, free NY Times, what else can you ask for?  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abacusweb
<Content>You'll appreciate this quaint hotel! If you are looking for a charming hotel in the heart of the lower east side, you will truly appreciate The Blue Moon Hotel.The owners lovingly restored the building and used original materials to create a wonderfully aesthetic little gem of a hotel. The display of craftsmanship used throughout the entire hotel will continually amaze and delight as you view the original tiles, woodwork, fixtures, etc. and feel the history of the building. You'll love it.The original artwork by the owner displayed in the lobby is stunning as well, provides the hip element.There is real warmth that comes from the family style atmosphere the onsite owners convey, and the staff is genuinely helpful and concerned that your stay is as pleasant as possible.The rooms are large, the bed is comfortable and cozy, and there's a flat screen TV in each room (cool).I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kaziye
<Content>Surely Better Than Expected! At the start of January I had to be in the Lower East Side for Business reasons, and I am highly content with choosing the Blue Moon Hotel. I found the property through Expedia, but I always book direct because it comes out to be cheaper. The rate for my room was great, and the room itself was just better than expected. At first i thought, because its a small hotel, I would surely get a small room, but I couldent have been more mistaken. Plenty of Restaurants were close by, so everything was convenient. I couldent have asked for more.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roseLincs
<Content>Great Hotel we spent 5 nights over the new year at this hotel and we found it very comfortable and nicely decorated and very clean, All the staff were very helpful and really nice as were other guests staying there. We thoroughly enjoyed our trip and the owner was really good at pointing us in the right directions for places of interest and helped us with the new york subway system . Cant fault it-coffee pot on in the lobby at all times and a wonderful selection of Teas to quench your thirst on arriving back after a tiring day out sightseeing. would certainly recomend it. Bagels and coffee in the morning really set you up for the day and constant hot water in the rooms. Rita  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SF-leafy
<Content>Blue Moon: A splendid experience and special place to stay The Blue Moon Hotel is absolutely wonderful, we especially enjoyed meeting the staff, they are fantastic, we loved them all. The hotel has beautiful decor, the rooms are comfortable, spacious and clean, though the best part were the owners and employees. We will definitely come back often and soon.Kim and Lisa  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Thyroid
<Content>What a surprise!   showReview(6526610, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>DanielaNewYersey
<Content>Wonderful unique experience   showReview(6505560, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DelaFacUp
<Content>Great deal as well as a wonderful stay!   showReview(6505557, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>aviNYC
<Content>the blue moon: an oasis in the city   showReview(6500847, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Niece
<Content>A great hotel   showReview(6359462, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Omi_Coco_LA
<Content>We will never go back - too much money for too little!   showReview(6122784, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tortoise19
<Content>Dogs are kept in cages, I heard. No hot water. TP is cheap.   showReview(5938429, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	5	5	3	

<Author>XYZ042
<Content>Definitely not a 3 star hotel   showReview(5814796, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	1	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Book this hotel only if you are desperate   showReview(5374516, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sharonanne
<Content>Charming but missing some basics   showReview(5055147, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cantagallo
<Content>Muy recomendable   showReview(22631012, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>RossellaLo
<Content>Great!   showReview(21894082, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chagoclk
<Content>Hotel hist贸rico con un servicio personalizado y eficaz   showReview(21141350, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Espritcritique
<Content>Un hotel charmant et spacieux 脿 New York !!!!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(16274658, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bergli
<Content>Ein kleines, gemuetliches Hotel in Lower East Side   showReview(15969776, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>Panetta
<Content>Un'atmosfera speciale in uno splendido hotel   showReview(15966342, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Femalebird
<Content>Das Blue Moon NYC - ein Leckerbissen unter den New Yorker Hotels   showReview(15396387, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mimm0
<Content>vacanza fantastica al bluemoon   showReview(14805935, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>linda-daniel
<Content>diamant cach茅   showReview(13492975, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel de charme   showReview(11306254, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Travel_Aficiondo
<Content>Nett, aber zu teuer   showReview(10093719, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	1	3	5	3	3	3	3	

